In the absence of Bangladesh's opening bowler, Mortaza, Australia opened the innings with Andrew Symonds and Michael	Michael	PROPN	Bevan	PROPN	 Bevan
Its southern terminus is at an intersection with NY 383 in the village of Scottsville. The northern end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The relationships within the Hydrobatinae are complex and uncertain, and it has been suggested that all the members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The building became premier office space in the center of the city, serving as the home of major law	law	NOUN	firms	NOUN	 firms
BS I 75 turns northeasterly onto the two lane Easterday Avenue and runs to the east of the campus of	of	ADP	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
By historical convention, a positive current is defined as having the same direction of flow as any positive charge	charge	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
The cameras used during the chariot race also presented problems. The 70 mm lenses had a minimum focusing distance	distance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Durian was introduced into Australia in the early 1960s and clonal material was first introduced in 1975. Over thirty	thirty	NUM	clones	NOUN	 clones
After 1915, two 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced by two 8.8 cm Flak guns, and between	between	ADP	1916	NUM	 1916
There, within one polymeric chain, all the halide atoms lie in one graphite like plane and form planar	planar	NOUN	pentagons	NOUN	 pentagons
Even in Civil War days colored units carried colored noncommissioned officers... that most of these white noncommissioned officers view	view	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
As a result, the pair faced each other in a no countout, no disqualification, loser leaves WWE	WWE	PROPN	match	NOUN	 match
Hood's protection used both compound armour and nickel steel armour. Her waterline main belt ranged in thickness between	between	ADP	14	NUM	 14
E ZPass, a form of electronic toll collection, is accepted at all toll plazas. During the 1930s	1930s	NOUN	the	DET	 the
On 12 August, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced that he had ordered the cessation of the " peace enforcement	enforcement	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Parliament at least wanted to know which sins in particular were grave enough to trigger excommunication by the church;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Marsh Tacky exhibits a four beat ambling gait, most similar to the marcha batida of the Brazilian Mangalarga	Mangalarga	PROPN	Marchador	PROPN	 Marchador
In this area, the road curves due east, crosses the Metra Union Pacific / Northwest Line tracks near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
German U boats typically returned to Pola only for repairs. On 17 August, Steinbauer and UB 47 achieved	achieved	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The scheme was further expanded by the construction of the Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir in 1867 – 75 by Thomas Duncan	Duncan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Circulation for comic books in general and Batman merchandise in particular soared. Other masked or superpowered adventurers appeared on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Admiral Churchill retired, and Anne appointed the moderate Tory Lord Pembroke to lead the Admiralty, instead of a	a	DET	Whig	PROPN	 Whig
There was also the development of private tuition in the families of lords and wealthy burghers. The growing emphasis	emphasis	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Until the early twentieth century, readers reacted to " Ulysses " sympathetically. The meaning of the poem was	was	AUX	increasingly	ADV	 increasingly
Cardiff, on the lookout for aircraft flying supplies to the Argentine forces occupying the Falkland Islands, had misidentified	misidentified	VERB	the	DET	 the
The authority of these teams are based on the members position on the company's or institution's organizational chart	chart	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One of the main reasons Naughty Dog chose to develop Crash Bandicoot (at the time jokingly codenamed " Sonic	Sonic	PROPN	's	PART	's
The re staging was regarded as radical, but when Goffin took fright at the storm of controversy, Carte	Carte	PROPN	told	VERB	 told
The timing was intended to emphasise the sacrifices Rhodesia had made for Britain in wartime. As Ken Flower later	later	ADV	said	VERB	 said
The magnificent response of his unit to this willing and cheerful sacrifice, made with full knowledge of its certain	certain	ADJ	cost	NOUN	 cost
The citizens of London feared the city being plundered and enthusiastically welcomed York's son Edward, Earl of March	March	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In a 1990 morphological phylogenetic study, Kiyonori Nishida concluded that the deepwater stingray and the sixgill stingray (Hexatrygon	Hexatrygon	PROPN	bickelli	NOUN	 bickelli
The old Erie main line through Passaic was abandoned at a ceremony on April 2, 1963, when service	service	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Hibbs alleviated Rockwell's thematic concern; he explained that the illustrations only needed to address the same topic rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The crew is cured of the ailment, and Picard partially credits Wesley for helping to prevent a disaster.	.	PUNCT	Star	PROPN	 Star
Flandez wrote that it was a " heart rending love song that becomes a homage of the 48 year old	old	ADJ	fallen	VERB	 fallen
" After film director John Badham learned that Ross was going to play the part of Dorothy, he decided	decided	VERB	not	PART	 not
In 1990, Roberts secured the financial support of the Marlboro cigarette company, and his team became the official	official	ADJ	Yamaha	PROPN	 Yamaha
Matthews describes the conclusion of the work as " a great wave of benediction [which] recalls the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Gulab takes Luttrell into his care, returning to his village, where he attempts to hide Luttrell in his	his	PRON	home	NOUN	 home
One of the earliest water projects in the Colorado River basin was the Grand Ditch, a 16 mile (	(	PUNCT	26	NUM	26
Peggy considered leaving when her sons, Phil and Grant (Ross Kemp) were teenagers, and once even	even	ADV	tried	VERB	 tried
The case was presided over by ICJ Vice President Judge Awn Shawkat Al Khasawneh, alongside 13 other judges and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
Three of his first class games were internationals against Argentina on the MCC " representative " tour of South America	America	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Airbus A330 900neo is to burn 14% less fuel than A330 300 on per seat basis (on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
On August 23, 1976, Michael J. Bacsik held Aaron to a single and a fly out to right	right	ADJ	field	NOUN	 field
Although it was greatly cut for syndication, Bacheller attested to its causing a stir, saying " its quality	quality	NOUN	[	X	 [
The organization supports women wishing to leave the industry, but does not try to persuade them to do so	so	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Passages creating such an effect appear frequently in the last sonatas, mainly in the first and second movements.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
In 1965, San Diego State began offering a doctorate in chemistry in a joint effort with University of California	California	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During the scrimmage, Ron McDole fell on Kemp's right knee and injured it, forcing Kemp to sit	sit	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The general wrote to Custis, " It is much to be wished that a remedy could be applied to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Atwood, 17 years old at the time, was charged with murdering his wife, Ada, then 15	15	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Educational Pictures had more than 2,000 negatives and prints destroyed, including the negatives of Buster Keaton's silent films	films	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In the kidnap sequence, Tremble's death is also very abruptly inserted; it consists of pre existing footage	footage	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The central region of the Homunculus contains a smaller Little Homunculus from the 1890 eruption, a butterfly of separate	separate	ADJ	clumps	NOUN	 clumps
The rule has been regarded as " obscure ", " bizarre ", and " quirky ". A	A	DET	unique	ADJ	 unique
Loxton ended with 3 / 55 from 26 overs, the second best economy rate among the Australians. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
J.M. Breiwick estimated that the " exploitable " (above the legal size limit of 50 ft) component of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was nominated by the London Film Critics ' Circle, the Phoenix Film Critics Society. Johansson was invited	invited	VERB	to	PART	 to
The entire campaign spent more than a year in development, producing artwork, videos, DLC, printed advertisements	advertisements	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The most common system of keys was named the Boehm system by its designer Hyacinthe Klosé in honour of flute	flute	NOUN	designer	NOUN	 designer
Their Health Check and Action Plan identified " economic, transport & accessibility, environmental and social strengths and weaknesses	weaknesses	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Additionally, because his Arabians were not shipped via Britain, they were not certified by the United Kingdom's	's	PART	Jockey	PROPN	 Jockey
In 1982 the first colour images of the surface were obtained with the Soviet Venera 13 and 14 landers.	.	PUNCT	NASA	PROPN	 NASA
Also, sustainable best practices can involve the recycling of materials, such as the use of recycled plastics for	for	ADP	lumber	NOUN	 lumber
He graduated from Harvard University with a Ph.D. in political science in 1993 after earning a B.A. from Yale University	University	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Brett Ratner turned down the option in favor of The Family Man. Simon West and Stephen Norrington were reportedly	reportedly	ADV	top	ADJ	 top
All of the defendants, except Drakula were tried in absentia. Drakula was acquitted, while Dusper, Tomić	Tomić	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by 3.24 million viewers. After the episode aired,	,	PUNCT	Kim	PROPN	 Kim
F Zero GX runs on an enhanced version of the engine used in Super Monkey Ball. In early March	March	PROPN	2003	NUM	 2003
Whitman gave Stafford a ring, which was returned and re given over the course of a stormy relationship lasting	lasting	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The closing cast included Jennifer DiNoia as Elphaba, Chandra Lee Schwartz as Glinda, Nick Adams as Fiyero,	,	PUNCT	Kim	PROPN	 Kim
The series explores several themes in its narrative, in particular LGBT themes. Various characters are portrayed as sexually	sexually	ADV	fluid	ADJ	 fluid
Brian then assures her that the answers are inside herself, and the real meaning of their existence is out	out	ADV	there	ADV	 there
The adult male has glossy black plumage, blackish brown legs, a yellow eye ring and an orange yellow	yellow	ADJ	bill	NOUN	 bill
He graduated as a lieutenant on 9 December 1930, and the following day enlisted in the RAAF. As	As	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The Grecian government made an offer for the original purchase price plus an additional £50,000, but as the	the	DET	Greeks	PROPN	 Greeks
Film noir is often described as essentially pessimistic. The noir stories that are regarded as most characteristic tell of	of	ADP	people	NOUN	 people
Hal Hinson of The Washington Post described Belle as a " compelling " character who is " more mature,	,	PUNCT	more	ADV	 more
There were also other venerated holidays, such as the Qingming Festival, as it was supposedly this period of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During that span, the team had three head coaches (including future hall of famer Lenny Wilkens);	;	PUNCT	team	NOUN	 team
On 26 January 2006, " Wish You Well " was voted No. 1 for the Triple J Hottest	Hottest	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
Although it is a significant occupational health issue, work related pesticide poisoning is believed to be underreported. Before	Before	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The team created the top down portions to allow Jason to shoot in all directions and to enable them to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
In November 1919, the CLR published a new bill to revive the Richmond extension, but using a different	different	ADJ	route	NOUN	 route
Watterson describes her as " an unhappy person " due to her belief in the value of education. Mr.	Mr.	PROPN	Spittle	PROPN	 Spittle
Common thermal mass materials include stone, cement and water. Historically they have been used in arid climates or	or	CCONJ	warm	ADJ	 warm
Thus, when in AD 13, the powers held by Tiberius were made equal, rather than second,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
His first musical composition for a movie trailer was for the film The Full Monty; he worked on this	this	DET	piece	NOUN	 piece
It was the first tropical cyclone to threaten the New Orleans area since Hurricane Katrina and the destructive 2005 hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	season	NOUN	 season
Murtagh and O'Brien characterised the performance as typifying " the end of a long, hard season " and Duke	Duke	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
From the outset, Rome's military typified this pattern and the majority of Rome's wars were characterized by	by	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Chuck D later said of its sampling issues, " We got sued for everything. We knew that the	the	DET	door	NOUN	 door
Similarly hundreds of city names are woven into " Haveth Childers Everywhere ", the corresponding passage at the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Initially, Arjun is reluctant to take trip as he does not want to lose his pay for missing work	work	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Spanish Civil War Timeline Spain in Revolt, newsreel documentary (Video Stream) (Part 1, 2)	)	PUNCT	Imperial	PROPN	 Imperial
The fourth track " Clean, Clean " was released as the third single from the album, while "	"	PUNCT	Elstree	PROPN	 Elstree
The major breakthrough in the band's career came in their collaboration with producer " Mutt " Lange on the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Louis summoned the Polish prelates and lords to Kassa (now Košice in Slovakia) in September 1379, persuading	persuading	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Coates reached his peak at the 1976 games in Innsbruck. He competed in five events, and apart from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
This victory made Tech the 10 – 0 undefeated national champion of 1928. Coach Alexander found campus spirit to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
She is the eldest of three children, with her father working as a jeepney driver and her mother as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He was Horatius on the tottering bridge; Hector, who alone stood between Troy and destruction. He was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
He first met Jekyll in 1875 — they were in accord in their design principles and maintained a close friendship	friendship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Then he jumped. ” Chappuis was rescued by an Italian partisan, Aldo Comucci, a 21 year old	old	ADJ	who	PRON	 who
In the 1880s, long after the members of The Five had gone their separate ways, another group called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
In Cuba, impacts were minimal. The cyclone produced sustained winds up to 43 mph (69 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
The following week, however, Mysterio was removed from the elimination match, as Long booked Mysterio in a	a	DET	Fatal	PROPN	 Fatal
In June 1853, John Wesley Hillman became the first non Native American explorer to report sighting the lake he	he	PRON	named	VERB	 named
The future Avatar then uses the power gathered for Grima's resurrection to restore its dragon form. In a	a	DET	race	NOUN	 race
The third phase was to be conducted by the 161st Brigade (less one battalion) and the 163rd Brigade	Brigade	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Boston style songwriting tends to be more about lyric than melody, is intimate and thoughtful but also relevant	relevant	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
On the first play of the quarter, Tech quarterback Al Clark was sacked by Brian Simmons, and this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Like the previous battle at Ad Decimum, it is again notable that Belisarius failed to keep his forces together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In support of Dystopia, Megadeth embarked on a North American tour in February and March with Suicidal Tendencies,	,	PUNCT	Children	PROPN	 Children
Exportation of merinos without royal permission was also a punishable offense, thus ensuring a near absolute monopoly on the	the	DET	breed	NOUN	 breed
He spoke in favor of fathers ' arranging their daughters ' marriages and told women to embody submission by serving	serving	VERB	their	PRON	 their
A 1956 Scrooge McDuck comic by Carl Barks, Land Beneath the Ground!, introduced Terries and Fermies (	(	PUNCT	a	DET	a
He amasses a number of survival skills including lock picking, self defense, and pickpocketing. Much of this	this	PRON	he	PRON	 he
To ensure that physical fitness was maintained there were frequent games of football in the half light outside the hut	hut	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The score was recorded at Warner Bros. Scoring studios in Burbank, California. Williams was nominated for two Academy	Academy	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
Other aspects of O 2 are covered in the remainder of this article. Trioxygen (O 3) is	is	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
The secondary armament consisted of 14 Elswick Ordnance Company " Pattern Z " quick firing (QF), 6	6	NUM	inch	NOUN	 inch
He proved a critical favorite, with commentators doting on him praise normally accorded to popular ballet dancers. That	That	DET	August	PROPN	 August
Instead, the chunks of spalled ore were mechanically stamped to fine grains, and washed into a series of	of	ADP	collecting	VERB	 collecting
... What I need to know is, what is he running for? " Sestak insisted he would not	not	PART	make	VERB	 make
For example, loanwords in Huave having " diaphonic identification " with Spanish include àsét (' oil ',	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Montgomery believed that they should attack during a stormy night, therefore the British would not be able to see	see	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Andrews was not reappointed as commander of General Headquarters Air Force when his term expired on 1 March 1939.	.	PUNCT	Exactly	ADV	 Exactly
The production returned to Wilmington in mid October for additional filming. On November 1, scenes were shot at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first experiment entailed fitting a Worthington feed pump to No. A819 in 1924. The trial was moderately	moderately	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
He is openly antagonistic toward religion. Gina Torres as Zoe Alleyne Washburne — second in command onboard Serenity,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Sega released a sequel in March 2009, Sonic and the Black Knight; the two form what is known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
What is an adjutant, other than a young officer who transmits orders, and even messages, he receives	receives	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The spring 2014 SNI count was 68 sea otters, continuing a 5 year positive trend of over 16%	%	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
The last fighter delivery took place on 23 April 1945. It was also on this day that the final	final	ADJ	Croatian	PROPN	 Croatian
Sestak claimed that was because he was serving in the military and wished to be nonpartisan, but Specter called	called	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Japanese troops were able to seize 203 Hill which overlooked the harbor on 5 December. This allowed the Imperial	Imperial	PROPN	Japanese	PROPN	 Japanese
For example, a kosher lubricating oil may be replaced by one containing tallow, which many rabbinic authorities view	view	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The lake is annually stocked with bluegill, catfish, and bass. Aside from the reservoir, there is	is	VERB	no	DET	 no
In 1870 – 72 the Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales by John Marius Wilson described Bentworth as... a	a	DET	village	NOUN	 village
In 1969, The Beast became the first holder of the IW North American Heavyweight Championship. On August 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Thompson received the Best Adapted Screenplay, becoming the only person to have won Academy Awards for both acting and	and	CCONJ	screenwriting	NOUN	 screenwriting
" He argued that the general details provided in this case's 911 call were unreliable, because " everyone	everyone	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Part of the debt was paid off by the SPD, while the rest was apportioned among the local unions	unions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is the result of an autoimmune reaction in which antibodies are formed against presynaptic voltage gated calcium channels,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 9 April 1809 Heber married Amelia Shipley, the youngest daughter of the Dean of St Asaph. He	He	PRON	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
Both proceedings were discontinued by the District Attorney in September 1997. Meili was suspended from his job at the	the	DET	security	NOUN	 security
Grossman played college football for the University of Florida. He was selected by the Chicago Bears in the first	first	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
A review in the Leicester Mercury noted of Theroux's interview techniques, " His subtle interviewing style was perfect	perfect	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Congress established the Metro Transit Police Department (MTPD) on June 4, 1976. MTPD police officers have	have	VERB	jurisdiction	NOUN	 jurisdiction
In Game 7 of the first round of the playoffs, he hit a go ahead shot with a second	second	ADJ	left	VERB	 left
George Mason III (1690 – 1735), served in the House of Burgesses, and like his father	father	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
To prevent tenants from vacating their properties, the player must keep their stress low by fulfilling their demands for	for	ADP	medical	ADJ	 medical
The same Washington Post critic later wrote in the Los Angeles Times that because Morrissey was not a film star	star	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These studies began to justify different means of determining value — some of which influenced the theory of social capital	capital	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It holds the Guinness World record for fastest selling book of fiction in 24 hours for U.S. sales. At	At	ADP	WH	PROPN	 WH
The village assembly was responsible for collecting government land taxes. Land revenue was called Siddhaya and included the original	original	ADJ	assessment	NOUN	 assessment
The four girls sometimes signed letters using the nickname, OTMA, which was derived from the first letters of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In both areas, the bog turtle colonies tend to occupy widely scattered ranges. The northern population is the	the	DET	larger	ADJ	 larger
After the disastrous losses of Operation Bodenplatte, and failing to maintain air superiority over the Ardennes area, a	a	DET	severely	ADV	 severely
Drummond's former protegé Julian Cope was unimpressed, claiming that Drummond still owed him money. " He burned	burned	VERB	a	DET	 a
Produced by the band and recorded by Jim Bryson (the band's keyboardist), the album was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
As the fortress prospers, migrants come in larger numbers from the mountainhome (the colony's home civilization)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
I would write tons of stuff in my head, and forget. Some songs on Being There, I	I	PRON	do	AUX	 do
Ray Daniels, the manager of musical duo Rock City (brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas), was present	present	ADJ	during	ADP	 during
From the gallery they hung a poster of Kevin Barry, a Dublin Irish Republican Army (IRA) volunteer	volunteer	NOUN	executed	VERB	 executed
Young's fourth goal of the season came against Wrexham came after he scored an 82nd minute equaliser on 9	9	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
One person drowned due to the flooding rains. Runoff on the Fitzroy River caused by Cyclone Beni resulted in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In practice, although Egypt bore most of the costs of the military conquest and occupation of Sudan, the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
The mushroom grows singly or in clusters, often appearing in old knotholes and wounds in elms and maples.	.	PUNCT	V.	PROPN	 V.
The German ships made no hostile move British ships, nor did they try to flee the scene and it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Copán reached the height of its cultural and artistic development during the rule of Uaxaclajuun Ub ' aah K '	'	PROPN	awiil	NOUN	 awiil
Typical military equipment included bows and arrows, spears, and round topped shields made by stretching animal skin over	over	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Perceptual conditions of association ". Psychological Monographs, 74 (3), 1 48. Asch S.	S.	PROPN	E.	PROPN	 E.
He then sees a brochure on her dresser with a man posing as a president and offering help with fake	fake	ADJ	dreams	NOUN	 dreams
Wacht had a crew of 7 officers and 134 enlisted men. As built, the ship was armed with	with	ADP	three	NUM	 three
The dimensions for the long gallery are given as 125 feet (38 m) long with a ceiling height	height	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the meantime a range of other schools had appeared. After the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 and mid	mid	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
At home, as President, he signed an ordinance that gave the new government wide powers to imprison people	people	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The term was used to describe a number of amateur wrestlers such as Myroslav Dykun and Yana Stadnik who had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
After capturing Shayzar, Hims and Rafaniya, and building a new fortress at Antartus, the emperor withdrew,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
U.S. Ambassador to Turkey Henry Morgenthau, Sr. wrote, " Those battleships immediately took their places as the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Concerned about underwater hits, the class's French designers decided to extend the waterline armour belt well below the	the	DET	waterline	NOUN	 waterline
As coal output from British collieries reached its peak in 1913 there was a correspondingly large number of accidents around	around	ADP	this	DET	 this
The eight III Squadron battleships fired on the British cruisers, but even sustained fire from the battleships ' main	main	ADJ	guns	NOUN	 guns
" At a daily press briefing, the State Department spokesman Mark Toner called on all sides to the conflict	conflict	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Following several regimental sized assaults on Coral which were successfully repelled by the Australians with heavy casualties on both sides	sides	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The New York Times critic Nora Sayre panned the often contradictory moral themes of the film, while the paper	paper	NOUN	's	PART	's
In 1929, the Magistrat commissioned the city planning division to develop a concept for a new administrative building encompassing	encompassing	VERB	two	NUM	 two
The nitrogen load is 1.55 pounds per acre (1.74 kg / ha) per year, while the phosphorus	phosphorus	NOUN	load	NOUN	 load
In July 2010, Bogost was scheduled to make an appearance at a New York University seminar, " Social	Social	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
" Lift Off " was written by Kanye West, Jay Z, Jeff Bhasker, Mike Dean, Bruno	Bruno	PROPN	Mars	PROPN	 Mars
German physicians and biologists Johannes Peter Müller and Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle originally described the dark shyshark in their 1838	1838	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Maslin also found the film to lack in actual surfing content. Lynn Voedisch of the Chicago Sun Times described	described	VERB	Surf	PROPN	 Surf
Three days after the capture of Légère, Captain Foley of Goliath sent a boat into the sheltered anchorage under	under	ADP	Aboukir	PROPN	 Aboukir
C 356 542). On October 9, 1981, both parties in the Mermelstein case filed motions for	for	ADP	summary	NOUN	 summary
Aston Villa started the 2006 – 07 Premiership campaign well, with Olof Mellberg scoring the first competitive goal at	at	ADP	Arsenal	PROPN	 Arsenal
Unlike Radiohead's previous " anthemic " rock albums, the sessions saw influences from electronic music, classical music	music	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Germination of cysts is accompanied by changes in the intima, visible with an electron microscope. The intima consists	consists	VERB	of	ADP	 of
The main belt was 250 to 450 mm (9.8 to 17.7 in) thick, and ran for a	a	DET	length	NOUN	 length
He was called up to the Singapore squad for the 2010 AFF Championship. Singapore was held to a 1	1	NUM	–	SYM	 –
In October 2009, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration levied the largest fine in its history on BP plc	plc	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
During an interview with MTV News, Aguilera revealed what the performance would be like and the creative direction behind	behind	ADP	it	PRON	 it
This theme appears as early as Love in Several Masques and continues throughout, especially in prose parody Shamela where	where	SCONJ	Shamela	PROPN	 Shamela
Coulthard had not been informed about his stop go penalty by the team, as they did not want to	to	PART	distract	VERB	 distract
" Although stating that it was very cliche, a writer for Popjustice said that the song " seems like	like	ADP	a	DET	 a
Peter Stormare appears as Sir Slicer in the episode " Blood Under the Skin ". In the entry "	"	PUNCT	Storytelling	VERB	 Storytelling
Then the 4th Machine Gun Squadron galloped forward to take up a position at the western end of the town	town	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to his co producer Jan Harlan, Kubrick mostly " wanted to make films about things that mattered,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Dining hall protocol was a scripted process, including a whistle system to indicate which block and tier of men	men	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Phan regarded the loss of Cao Thang as a significant one, admitting as much in delivering the eulogy and	and	CCONJ	funeral	NOUN	 funeral
On this occasion, " Va, pensiero " from Nabucco was conducted by Arturo Toscanini with a chorus of	of	ADP	820	NUM	 820
In 1926, the Harveys shifted to the inner Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy, a staunchly working class, industrial	industrial	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
Objects are stored in gravity boxes on the station's ceilings, only one object can be held at a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The rivalry continued to intensify as " hard men " such as Patrick Vieira, Roy Keane and Martin Keown	Keown	PROPN	joined	VERB	 joined
In Greenwich, Connecticut, a jogging couple find a girl, Teena Simmons, standing alone. Nearby,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Anita struck Mexico as a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale, bringing strong winds	winds	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After originally being sold only at Walmart and Sam's Club first, the album was released on iTunes on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
It involves, or is related to, biological classification, scientific taxonomy and phylogenetics. Biological classification is the	the	DET	method	NOUN	 method
Participants even drank large quantities of Kaoliang in order to improve their courage. Some of the worst Chinese battle	battle	NOUN	losses	NOUN	 losses
While negotiating to get the best possible deal, Aubut traded Lindros to both the Flyers and the Rangers,	,	PUNCT	meaning	VERB	 meaning
In Germany, the song reached a peak of number 19 on the chart, but it remained within the	the	DET	German	PROPN	 German
His agitation for the B 29s did not endear him to the USAAF staff in Washington, D.C. After the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
She and her sister Alma were concerned about the care Josie gave Wyatt. Even though he was very ill	ill	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to 1348 it was known as Weston Juxta Mare (" beside the sea "). The name	name	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The SLS is to be upgraded over time with more powerful versions. The initial capability of SLS is required	required	VERB	to	PART	 to
Solitary and nocturnal, the common torpedo spends much time resting on the sea floor, often buried in sediment	sediment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On August 16, 1861, Ranavalona died in her sleep at the Manjakamiadana palace in the Rova of Antananarivo	Antananarivo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
McMahon began appearing regularly on air for WWE (then WWF as the World Wrestling Federation) in 1999 as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Populations exist around the Solomon Islands archipelago and New Caledonia, stretching to an easternmost population in Vanuatu. A	A	DET	highly	ADV	 highly
With the successful Pusan Perimeter holding action, the victory set in motion the moves which would shape the remainder	remainder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Controversy continued to flare in Britain and other countries regarding sporting links with South Africa. The South Africa rugby	rugby	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
The phrase " in anger he turned back to his own " probably indicates that this annal is drawn from	from	ADP	saga	NOUN	 saga
Yet such an operation would have required considerable time to plan and execute, and Townsend had been ordered not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
Following the invasion of Normandy, the Fourth Army was " transferred " south to reinforce the First United States	States	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
He was given a ten game suspension for verbally harassing the officials and continuing to coach from the stands after	after	ADP	being	AUX	 being
About 70% of the province's population lives in the highlands; of the other 30%, approximately	approximately	ADV	half	ADV	 half
Weiland credited Was for helping Stone Temple Pilots re learn how to play together again. Was also worked closely	closely	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Lucy Davies of the BBC said it demonstrated how repetitive the lyrical themes on Fearless were. She noted Swift	Swift	PROPN	recycled	VERB	 recycled
The Eyre Peninsula and Adelaide recorded more rain in 24 hours than they had in 2002 and 2001 combined.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After the release of Heroes of Mana, they commented that the World of Mana series is " cursed "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Congress had also created a civil offense against the law of nations in the Alien Tort Statute of the Judiciary	Judiciary	PROPN	Act	PROPN	 Act
West utilized the sounds created by the 808 and manipulated its pitch to produce a distorted, electronic sound,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Along the way, Dante encounters Lady, who is in pursuit of her father Arkham, who is working	working	VERB	with	ADP	 with
They nest in bridges where it compiles and damages iron work causing rust and corrosion. In the United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He outlined the events in his Cronica in year to year accounts; for this he has gained criticism over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Increasing use of corneal topography has led to a decline in use of these terms. Despite considerable research,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The authors suggest that, in the wild, nectar may be a frequent, convenient way to get some	some	DET	nutrients	NOUN	 nutrients
A change in the 1960s added a section of north – south roadway to the eastern end of M 102	102	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
To bridge the fast following rivers of northern Burma, Pick and Farrell selected the H 20 Portable Steel Highway	Highway	PROPN	Bridge	PROPN	 Bridge
Should he escape, no damage is done to either him or the monster. The status of his "	"	PUNCT	health	NOUN	 health
On June 1, 2015, a representative for the MTA described the extension as " 99% complete "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Eventually, Bob and the kids discover the true culprits, Patty and Selma. Bob reappears again in the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Ristaino sough to make them look as if they were " east coast commuters [all] bundled up for	for	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
The Helgoland class ships retained older triple expansion steam engines rather than the new steam turbines in use in the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
Middlesex delves into the concept of identity, including how it is formed and how it is administered. The	The	DET	immigrant	ADJ	 immigrant
The Stranglers ' Dave Greenfield was an exception to this, and used a Hammond onstage during the band's	's	PART	early	ADJ	 early
The cost of maintaining the Protector's massive armies and his permanent garrisons in Scotland also placed an unsustainable burden	burden	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
By 1991, St George's was grant maintained; in 1992, it was awarded Technology School status,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The novel is 288 pages long. DeCandido also wrote the novelizations for the first and third films. Rotten	Rotten	PROPN	Tomatoes	PROPN	 Tomatoes
Governor General David Johnston did, though, preside at an official ceremony at Confederation Park in Ottawa, integrated	integrated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
A popular legend represents the bishop as descending from the window of his cell by a rope which friends had	had	AUX	smuggled	VERB	 smuggled
This reactor only generated up to 200 W, but it demonstrated that k was higher than anticipated. This	This	PRON	not	PART	 not
Strawberry Records pressed 600 copies of the recording. In December 1994, Antestor recorded their first full length album	album	NOUN	titled	VERB	 titled
San Diego won only 76 games that year, but Hoffman ranked second in the NL with 37 saves.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
A titled Igbo chieftain himself, Achebe's novels focus on the traditions of Igbo society, the effect of	of	ADP	Christian	ADJ	 Christian
These results did not justify the large allocation of Allied resources to the operation, however. Moreover, the	the	DET	diversion	NOUN	 diversion
It was considered an important discovery, as few early ornithischians were known at the time. The preparation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sallal accused Nasser of betrayal. Nasser unfroze more than $100 million worth of Saudi assets in Egypt,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Attending his first NHL training camp that month, he did not make the Blue Jackets roster and was returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It shows a scene from the biblical entombment of Christ, and was probably completed between 1440 and 1455 as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1991 New Zealand turnover topped 100 million NZD for the first time. KFC's core product offering is	is	AUX	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Schools in the warned area were suspended, and airports and seaports were closed. Philippine Airlines cancelled over half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Recommend duty on a large vessel where he can be properly supervised. " On the same day that Hubbard	Hubbard	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He shares the Southeastern Conference (SEC) single game assists record (19) and was the 2012 SEC	SEC	PROPN	Preseason	PROPN	 Preseason
Niadra is a zerg broodmother and leader of the Niadra Brood. She was created by Sarah Kerrigan when she	she	PRON	battled	VERB	 battled
Stealth is a significant element of the gameplay; frequent gunfire can alert distant guards, and activated alarms can	can	AUX	trigger	VERB	 trigger
According to Lawrence, parallel to the design of the A380, Airbus conducted the most extensive and thorough market	market	NOUN	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee investigation into the affair in October 1949, the Chairman of the	the	DET	Joint	PROPN	 Joint
During character creation, the computer randomly generates statistics for each character, although the player can alter these attributes	attributes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The PLANTS are a technological power house, developing many new technologies that give them equal power to Earth despite	despite	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
She claims that a rebel force of aliens are mutilating their faces to prevent infection by the black oil.	.	PUNCT	Cigarette	NOUN	 Cigarette
The inspection revealed a wound behind the right ear, fractures to the top of the skull, and a	a	DET	cut	NOUN	 cut
Effectively, the John Bull became a 4 2 0 (a locomotive with two unpowered axles, one powered	powered	ADJ	main	ADJ	 main
" In terms of international exposure, during a fourth month period Spears was featured in seven mini TV specials	specials	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
War weary sailors demanded to return home and the ensuing standoff culminated in a mass shooting of sailor demonstrators.	.	PUNCT	Fifteen	NUM	 Fifteen
Although (contrary to rumour) she never placed bets, she did have the racing commentaries piped direct to	to	ADP	her	PRON	 her
" However, in January 2012, Heigl stated in an interview that she has asked the producers if she	she	PRON	could	AUX	 could
The information was published in the September 1801 issue of the Monatliche Correspondenz. By this time, the apparent	apparent	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
This was during a storyline where CM Punk had won the WWE Championship and left the company. Though a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
He stated that " The top generals who decided to murder Diệm and his brother were scared to death.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Iridaceae contained those with three stamens and an inferior ovary. The remaining taxa were put together in a	a	DET	very	ADV	 very
Bridgwater Docks, in which the tidal basin, locks, quaysides, bridges and fittings are listed buildings,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
In 1896, the Marquis of Bute, then owner of Flat Holm, agreed to lease all the land	land	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Reporter Sandra Davie was informed of the discrepancy and published an article about it in the national broadsheet The Straits	Straits	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
In November 2014, it was reported by several sources, including the French newspaper La Tribune that Egypt was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The team also worked at improving the game's graphics; the appearance of DJ Hero's graffiti based menus	menus	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
Two days later, No. 1 Wing intercepted a force of 27 Mitsubishi G4 M " Betty " bombers	bombers	NOUN	escorted	VERB	 escorted
In 2000, Fey partnered with fellow SNL cast member Rachel Dratch in the Off Broadway two woman show Dratch	Dratch	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
In 1953, Wackett established advanced diploma training for twenty five airmen annually at Melbourne Technical College, the graduates	graduates	NOUN	receiving	VERB	 receiving
The species is commonly called " snakeskin grisette ". Another common name is " strangulated amanita ", referring	referring	VERB	to	ADP	 to
At 3: 20 pm the ARVN 52nd Ranger Battalion were discharged on a landing zone about 3 kilometres south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Boydell's willingness to assume responsibility for his own business so early in his career indicates that he had ambition	ambition	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wisley proposes but Jane ultimately rejects him due to lack of affection. The mischievous Tom encounters Jane again;	;	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Birmingham, Alabama was, in 1963, " probably the most thoroughly segregated city in the United States.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Opposing them were the 13th and 70th Armies of the Central Front. The 20th Panzer and 6th Infantry Divisions	Divisions	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The karyotype includes 34 chromosomes. A. caenosus mostly occurs in Yungas vegetation and breeds mainly during the winter.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The entire stem and ring are not pure white but have a faint yellowish tinge. The flesh is whitish	whitish	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Whatever the truth of the rumours, James required a royal match to preserve the Stuart line. " God	God	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
When Judge Noel Anketell Kramer was asked about Guandique's potential connection to the Levy homicide, she responded,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Williams released her first non Gospel third solo album, Unexpected, in October 2008, with several of the	the	DET	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Lodge cabled back, initially backing the false story disseminated by the generals, saying that their story was plausible	plausible	ADJ	because	SCONJ	 because
Since the early 1980s, much of the area between Tyldesley and Astley has been built on for housing.	.	PUNCT	Indicators	NOUN	 Indicators
In most other ITV regions, The Flaxton Boys was broadcast in this time slot. Although repeats ran until	until	ADP	1972	NUM	 1972
Percy Hibberd built a prototype transmitter with pulses of a few hundred watts and fitted it to the Heyford in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
In 1901 Gaudí decorated the house of Isabel Güell López, Marchioness of Castelldosrius, and daughter of Eusebi Güell	Güell	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Alisia Dragoon has been recognized retrospectively as a relatively early video game to challenge a gender bias prevalent in the	the	DET	industry	NOUN	 industry
He left Brampton ranked second on the club's all time scoring list behind Wojtek Wolski in regular season goals	goals	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The project has been supported by some public officials, and received some public funding, but received criticism for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Stoke began to compete for honours in the 1970 – 71 season, though despite impressive victories against the top	top	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Once authorized by Congress, they were produced in various metals and sizes, for the most part prior to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He considered Soeman's work best read for its entertainment value. In a film commemorating Soeman made by the	the	DET	Lontar	PROPN	 Lontar
Romanesque Revival architecture was very popular in Hartford City, and at least 7 of the District's contributing buildings	buildings	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
College basketball had started offering doubleheaders during the Great Depression to provide customers value for their money. Fans had	had	AUX	grown	VERB	 grown
Watson was nominated for five awards for her performance in Philosopher's Stone, winning the Young Artist Award for	for	ADP	Leading	VERB	 Leading
Although the flitch ceremony at Dunmow is generally held to have originated with the Fitzwalters in the 13th century there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
It then heads east until it reaches Ayden. After about two and a half miles (4.2 km)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Its initial release ultimately brought in $123.1 million in rentals. Theatrical re releases in 1976 and 1979 brought	brought	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Considering that Stowe intended this to be a subtheme, then this scene could foreshadow future events that puts alcohol	alcohol	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Brynner regretted that there were not more tryout performances, feeling that the schedule did not give him an adequate	adequate	ADJ	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
Moore appeared in other television and radio shows, including Just a Minute and, from 1992 until 1998,	,	PUNCT	playing	VERB	 playing
Using a mechanical sandblaster in a laboratory setting, scientists affiliated with the Agricultural Research Service studied the effects of	of	ADP	windblown	ADJ	 windblown
He composed for Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun with Jarrid Mendelson — with whom he would later collaborate on	on	ADP	Emperor	PROPN	 Emperor
Gingrich called this action " Dole proofing " the platform, and the plank passed over Dole's opposition.	.	PUNCT	Then	ADV	 Then
Following her second defeat, Kirakisho is touched by Shinku's love and surrenders her Rosa Mystica. Tale 65	65	NUM	She	PRON	 She
Nitro then engaged in a feud with Hardy. Nitro recaptured the Intercontinental Championship from Hardy on November 6 when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" The film also has a score of 41 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 12 critics indicating "	"	PUNCT	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
They argued that Bamber had then set about arranging the scene to make it appear that Sheila was the killer	killer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Frederick William Robertson, a preacher, theologian and divine whose ministry at Brighton's Holy Trinity Church was nationally	nationally	ADV	famous	ADJ	 famous
Piper started the match by throwing his kilt in Lawler's face and attacking him. The match consisted mainly	mainly	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Elizabeth received this pension on behalf of her late husband, " General " David Poe, a former quartermaster	quartermaster	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On 9 May 1889 he starred for George P. Hawtrey in a matinee of Penelope, a musical version of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
As the battle front moved swiftly southward, trains after the end of July did not run beyond Taegu and	and	CCONJ	P	PROPN	 P
The film's highest grossing markets are Japan ($90.1 million), the UK, Ireland, and	and	CCONJ	Malta	PROPN	 Malta
The President and Vice President of the 43rd High School Council are Dylan Wee (from class 4O2) and	and	CCONJ	Joel	PROPN	 Joel
With the tarboosh upon his head which he seemed to wear uneasily, he reclined, rather than sat upon	upon	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the completion of the reunion dates, James said the group had not discussed further plans, and Albarn	Albarn	PROPN	told	VERB	 told
UPN requested a modified ending to the episode, as the original version had Phlox and Archer disagreeing over what	what	PRON	to	PART	 to
" The motion was granted by the District Court in Cotterman's favor. The government appealed, and stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Angelou used the metaphor of a bird struggling to escape its cage described in the Paul Laurence Dunbar poem "	"	PUNCT	Sympathy	PROPN	 Sympathy
Selee fell ill in 1905, and Chance was selected to succeed him as manager. That year, he	he	PRON	also	ADV	 also
" In the days before the election and the days afterward, predictions and reports of fraud were printed daily	daily	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The prohibition (on aikido, at least) was lifted in 1948 with the creation of the Aiki Foundation	Foundation	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One, dated 20 January 1738, found its way to Thomas Hope of Rankeillor, her lawyer, in	in	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Point Welcome was escorted back to Da Nang under her own power and required three months to repair the damage	damage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Edwin Muir, reviewing in Listener wrote that " as a whole the book is so elusive that there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
This aircraft also saw extensive application of composite and other materials, which both reduced the radar cross section (	(	PUNCT	RCS	PROPN	RCS
In some jurisdictions, asexuals have legal protections. While Brazil bans since 1999 whatever pathologization or attempted treatment of	of	ADP	sexual	ADJ	 sexual
In Pan Am, Sleepy Hollow Country Club was the setting for much of the series ' third episode.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Stevens then enrolled in the sophomore class at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. At Dartmouth, despite	despite	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
The rest of her life was spent as a housewife in London. Jane was born in Marylebone into a	a	DET	wealthy	ADJ	 wealthy
German authorities looked on without intervening. The name Kristallnacht comes from the shards of broken glass that littered the	the	DET	streets	NOUN	 streets
This analysis argues that, whereas the great European states (France and Spain) were absolutist monarchies, and	and	CCONJ	others	NOUN	 others
You have to look at hugely successful fiction authors such as Dan Brown or JK Rowling to find books that	that	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Many of the staff were fans of his work, and showrunners Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein had planned to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Bamber said that he did, that he alerted police, and that Sheila fired the final shot while he	he	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Consequently, the films are only available via various BitTorrent trackers. Harmáček himself remarked: " I'm convinced	convinced	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
', and it was like whoa [...] this is trippy. After 20 seconds, it quickly	quickly	ADV	fell	VERB	 fell
It was the second annual event and took place on July 24, 2005, at the HSBC Arena in	in	ADP	Buffalo	PROPN	 Buffalo
The kid's been doing it all his life, why mess with it? " At the college level	level	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There were two entrances on the main (south) facade, one at ground level and another on the	the	DET	balcony	NOUN	 balcony
The launch method is a vertical hot launch from a sealed canister, providing all azimuth coverage. " Brown	Brown	PROPN	Hazelnut	PROPN	 Hazelnut
Work on the CF 103 stalled, with the maiden flight originally scheduled for the summer of 1952, postponed	postponed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Honnen had health problems, and spent much of April, May and June 1943 in hospital before being ordered	ordered	VERB	home	ADV	 home
Although no such requirement is included in the text of the legislation, Congressman John Linder has stated that the	the	DET	FairTax	PROPN	 FairTax
Also known as the grey necked picathartes, this passerine is mainly found in rocky areas of close canopied rainforest	rainforest	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The latter not only refused, however, but took his letter straight to his uncle, who summoned his	his	PRON	armies	NOUN	 armies
Also in the division was the XI Mechanized Infantry Brigade, which included the 6th Saboya Motorized Infantry Regiment,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Jimmy Vee, " a faithful friend of the show ", was recalled to the part of the Graske	Graske	PROPN	he	PRON	 he
When the trading deadline was over, the Raptors became the youngest team in the league with an average age	age	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The road heads southeast into Salem County as an eight lane freeway maintained by the Delaware River and Bay Authority	Authority	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
Kogălniceanu joined other National Liberals in expressing opposition to the trade convention Catargiu had signed with Austria Hungary, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Lyrically it talks explicitly about oral sex and cunnilingus through heavy innuendo in line with Beyoncé's sexual tone.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In his memoirs he also heavily criticised the commanding officers of the division, whose " military prowess and punctuality	punctuality	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The album features guest appearances from fellow American rappers King Chip, Kendrick Lamar, Too Short, RZA and	and	CCONJ	ASAP	PROPN	 ASAP
In addition to showing Arts Club productions, the theatre is rented out for other purposes, including business and	and	CCONJ	educational	ADJ	 educational
(Toronto: Auxiliary Bible Society, 1835). Discipline of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Canada. Translated	Translated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
E. angustifolium is protogynous. Sexual reproduction in Eriophorum angustifolium begins with flowering in spring or early summer (in	in	ADP	or	CCONJ	 or
It contained two alternatives, each envisioning a prominent role for himself as commander. The first would use 80,000	80,000	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
It was released in the United States on 1 September 1998 by Scholastic — the American publisher of the books	books	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
It did, however, criticise some police procedures and practices. The review did not comment on the discrepancies	discrepancies	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
I said, ' OK, you've seen Thor and Loki be antagonistic for two films now. It	It	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Meanwhile, after a failed mutiny aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge, Jack is forced to guide the crew	crew	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The women's team, skippered by 19 year old Eve Muirhead, entered the tournament ranked seventh in the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Like other animals with thick body walls, they use fluid circulation rather than diffusion to move substances through their	their	PRON	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
" The Way You Make Me Feel " became the album's third consecutive single to peak at number one	one	NUM	on	ADP	 on
One person was killed in Mauritius. After passing Mauritius, Firinga struck Réunion early on January 29 with wind	wind	NOUN	gusts	NOUN	 gusts
Along with large numbers of regular artillery pieces, super heavy 600 mm (24 in) Karl Gerät mortars	mortars	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The first segment, " The Devil and Homer Simpson ", was written by Daniels and McGrath.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Similar treaties were also imposed on Greece and Entente allied Romania in exchange for their territorial enlargement, and on	on	ADP	some	PRON	 some
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on October 3, 1997. The episode was written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
On the northeast bank of the creek, NY 175 turns east onto West Kennedy Street, a short connector	connector	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
His area of advocacy (he was counsel for the defence in 83% of his cases) and style	style	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Before they had departed, their orders were changed and they were sent to China aboard the USS Solace to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
In the last three hours of the Test, Armstrong decided to rest his key bowlers and allowed his part	part	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
In the 1950s, the Armour Hot Dog Co. purified 1 kg of pure bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A and made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In Costa Rica, the Ballena Marine National Park is designed for humpback protection. Areas where population data are	are	AUX	limited	ADJ	 limited
It was intended that the battery could remain under siege for up to three months, with sufficient rations and	and	CCONJ	generator	NOUN	 generator
Goodman is best remembered today for having created the Order of the Arrow (OA), a popular and	and	CCONJ	highly	ADV	 highly
As the Supreme Commander in Chief of the Belarusian Armed Forces, the President has the duty to protect the	the	DET	Belarusian	ADJ	 Belarusian
M 28 was expanded eastward to the Sault Ste. Marie area in the late 1920s. The western end	end	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Abigail Adams, on the other hand, vocally opposed slavery. Throughout his lifetime Adams expressed controversial and shifting	shifting	VERB	views	NOUN	 views
Diarmuid Marsden was controversially sent off in the second half following an off the ball incident, leaving Armagh with	with	ADP	only	ADV	 only
While insects and the coconut crab originate from different paths, the same need to detect smells in the air	air	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
Israeli Phantoms saw extensive combat during Arab – Israeli conflicts, first seeing action during the War of Attrition.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The outer surface may be partially covered with small flakelike patches of tissue. When viewed with a magnifying glass	glass	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The split would ultimately prove acrimonious as Kohlberg sued Kravis and Roberts for what he alleged were improper business tactics	tactics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The asymmetrical caudal fin has a well developed lower lobe and a longer upper lobe with a ventral notch near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
She saw service in the American Revolutionary, French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, and fought in many of the	the	DET	major	ADJ	 major
That is the operative principle in all capitalist countries... One thing is for sure: Current prices [roughly	roughly	ADV	US	PROPN	 US
Group D, finally, was tasked with advancing south from its landing point to close off an escape route	route	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The thermal wind is the difference in the geostrophic wind between two levels in the atmosphere. It exists only	only	ADV	in	ADP	 in
As scholar Marcia Ann Gillespie writes, Angelou had " fallen in love with poetry " during her early childhood	childhood	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Warner Bros. reacted to de Havilland's lawsuit by circulating a letter to other studios that had the effect	effect	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In that battle the 198th Tank Battalion failed to reach the battle on time because its tank crews struggled to	to	PART	navigate	VERB	 navigate
He said the issue of Ukrainian membership of NATO might " emerge at some point, but we will not	not	PART	see	VERB	 see
The game is depicted in flat, plain colors, with no pause feature and no option menu other than	than	ADP	Game	PROPN	 Game
On 12 May, Brilliant was sailed for Freetown, Sierra Leone where she served as a local escort and	and	CCONJ	searched	VERB	 searched
Concurrently, a deep altitude disturbance a few hundred miles east of Bermuda began to erode the southern edge of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several vanadium alloys show superconducting behavior. The first A15 phase superconductor was a vanadium compound, V3Si, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Critics such as the reviewer from The New York Times believed that Kubrick's professionalism as a photographer shone through	through	ADP	in	ADP	 in
The music of Nier was composed by Keiichi Okabe with members of his studio, Monaca, Kakeru Ishihama and	and	CCONJ	Keigo	PROPN	 Keigo
Spang also owns an old Western ghost town, named Spectreville, restored to be his own private holiday retreat	retreat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a writer for The Athenaeum put it, " We think that we can fairly make out the account	account	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
At 24, Burke was the youngest person in Chicago's history to become a ward committeeman, a position	position	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
One suggestion is that he may have been a member of the Crovan dynasty. One man of the name	name	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The enlarged claw is equally likely to be on the right side or the left side. The male's	's	PART	larger	ADJ	 larger
In any case, by June his fellow officers had made up their mind as to the next president.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
" Writing for the San Francisco Chronicle, Terrence O'Flaherty labeled the documentary " a dreadful little program... deadly	deadly	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
After Baghdad, in 1260 the Mongols with their Christian subjects conquered Muslim Syria, domain of the Ayyubid dynasty	dynasty	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During a routine liposuction operation in Chicago, Dr. Harrison Lloyd (John Juliani) suddenly begins to violently remove	remove	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
Over 1,000,000 orders had been placed for 32X units, but Sega had only managed to ship 600,000 units by	by	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
The player controls the young mercenary Edge, who flies a powerful dragon. Gameplay is divided into three modes	modes	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Harvey Postlethwaite, who was hired by Ferrari to design the follow on and much more successful 126C2 that won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
Take That, Westlife and JLS all performed on the sixth results show, and Olly Murs performed on the	the	DET	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
The Headquarters Section used a sequence of letters arranged in a square (see photo of " Louise ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
There, however, Keldorf was sacked for a three yard loss. After the sack, Keldorf completed a	a	DET	21	NUM	 21
Sport England wished to avoid creating a white elephant, so they insisted that the City Council agree to undertake	undertake	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The division spent most of 1915 dispersed, with the majority located across North Wales with units training at Pwllheli	Pwllheli	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Also, it allows Newtonian versions of exact solutions such as the Friedmann – Lemaître models or the Gödel universe	universe	NOUN	to	PART	 to
As British forces on the southeast coast of Britain regrouped, remanned and repaired following heavy losses at Zeebrugge,	,	PUNCT	Keyes	PROPN	 Keyes
Seaborg's theoretical development of the actinide concept resulted in a redrawing of the Periodic Table of the Elements into	into	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Lashly described the dry valley as " a splendid place for growing spuds ". The party reached Discovery on	on	ADP	24	NUM	 24
At the eastern fringe of Batavia, NY 33 splits in a northeast direction from NY 5, becoming Clinton	Clinton	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
A version for PlayStation Vita, titled Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus, was released in North America and Europe on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
There is limited agricultural activity within the town limits. The secondary sector involves manufacturing and construction, whose growth	growth	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
While the initial reason for her being there was to look at some clothing for him, she was determined	determined	ADJ	to	PART	 to
On 15 December 2009 the British government announced its Future Helicopter Strategy including the purchase of 24 new build Chinooks	Chinooks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The party encountered thousands of birds near the Shark River, " killing hundreds, but they continued to return	return	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
IGN similarly praised it as one of the top ten most influential games of all time. Subsequent games that	that	PRON	follow	VERB	 follow
In November 2010, Billboard released its " Top 50 R & B / Hip Hop Artists of the Past	Past	ADJ	25	NUM	 25
According to the Daily Mirror, Belle is Disney's second most iconic character, describing her as a "	"	PUNCT	portrait	NOUN	 portrait
Both companies were interested in producing the show with minor changes: Granada wished to produce it as one six	six	NUM	part	NOUN	 part
" Stephen Whitty of the Newark Star Ledger gave the film three out of four stars, saying " Fresh	Fresh	ADJ	family	NOUN	 family
Guy Green, film director, screenwriter, and cinematographer, who won an Oscar for Great Expectations in the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
Massive fireplaces with elaborate overmantels were carved and installed, a castle in the Library and mermaids and sea monsters	monsters	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
New Jersey does not consider municipal ordinances to be criminal offenses, and so open container laws can not be	be	AUX	enforced	VERB	 enforced
The Guitar Grip provides a strap to hold the game unit while providing the player with four fret buttons;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
God of War creator and game director David Jaffe attempted to create a character that looked brutal, but did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
The Mississippi class ships were smaller than the several preceding classes of U.S. battleships. They were designed in an	an	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
Typically, tropical cyclones will undergo extratropical transition after recurving polewards, and typically become fully extratropical after reaching 45	45	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Statements from Scientology spokeswoman Karin Pouw labelled the Arbitration ruling as a routine matter, and maintained there were still	still	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
Known for much of their length as Philadelphia Road, there are five disjoint mainline sections of the highway totaling	totaling	VERB	40.23	NUM	 40.23
Richard knew that the charge of his knights needed to be reserved until the Ayyubid army was fully committed,	,	PUNCT	closely	ADV	 closely
In response, the AAU founded an American Olympic Association as a separate group, although it was still initially	initially	ADV	dominated	VERB	 dominated
Parker and Stone also said they would not write another script until the network signed off on the full show	show	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Following the Hurricanes ' punt, Tech's offense began work at its 22 yard line. Despite having a	a	DET	chance	NOUN	 chance
Scully also stated that Willard was " great fun " to have on the show. Wally Kogen's name	name	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Bright Tunes Music v. Harrisongs Music finally went to the United States district court on 23 February 1976, to	to	PART	hear	VERB	 hear
Tonelli predicted that he could have won eight Commonwealth Games gold medals and possibly set a world record in the	the	DET	200	NUM	 200
Rainilaiarivony built the Andafiavaratra Palace in 1873 as his residence and office at a site near the royal palace.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Quinn, Santana, and Brittany attempt to recruit new members by performing in Cheerios Alumni outfits, but only	only	ADV	recruit	NOUN	 recruit
In 1963, the US 131 freeway opened on the west side of Kalamazoo. Along with the creation of	of	ADP	Bus	PROPN	 Bus
His politics — he " was anything but politically correct " — did not mesh well with Australia's leftist	leftist	ADJ	atmosphere	NOUN	 atmosphere
At the end of the three day symposium at Studio 35 in 1950, Alfred Barr challenged the group to	to	PART	name	VERB	 name
An important scene in the episode regarded Faraday's experiment and the resulting time differential. The scene set up	up	ADP	a	DET	 a
First published in the July 1924 issue of literary magazine The Dial, it was later included in the 1931	1931	NUM	edition	NOUN	 edition
It starts at south of the park and runs north between two lakes in the area and through the community	community	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This victory restored the image of French superiority and led to an increase in tribal submissions, the withdrawal of	of	ADP	Said	PROPN	 Said
This explanation has been widely accepted. Suicide has also often been considered an option, motives being Amy Dudley	Dudley	PROPN	's	PART	's
1923) is an American former college and high school football coach. As head coach of Richard Montgomery High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
On August 30, the hurricane was posthumously estimated to have been a strong Category 2 hurricane. On September	September	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Hudema was critical of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, which he called " an occupation by a rogue state	state	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Pumerantz Library provides a diabetes education program to the community in a partnership with the Pomona Public Library.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Only a handful of settlements have been established on the bay. The town of Carancahua first formed as a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
" From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " received mixed to positive reviews from music critics. Amanda Murray	Murray	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It's sad, in a way, because he ’ s isolated, like the Beast of the fairy	fairy	NOUN	tale	NOUN	 tale
" Africa researcher Alex de Waal accused the film of " peddling dangerous and patronizing falsehoods, " criticized the	the	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
The creators added furigana subscript to indicate they wanted it read " otome " meaning " young maiden ".	.	PUNCT	Additionally	ADV	 Additionally
The two begin furtively meeting, often taking long walks at the port Tanjung Priok. When Tini goes to	to	ADP	Surakarta	PROPN	 Surakarta
Even though company doctors had already cleared him as healthy enough to perform, Cirque du Soleil alleged that due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
He then led a small army from Cambridge, Massachusetts to Quebec City on an expedition through the wilderness of	of	ADP	present	ADJ	 present
We go more into the relationships, how it affects people around ". Steele backed this up, saying	saying	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
It was originally thought to infect fish brains (hence the specific epithet cerebralis) and nervous systems, though	though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
It features production from Aftermath Entertainment producer DJ Khalil, who helped write the song along with Eminem, Erik	Erik	PROPN	Alcock	PROPN	 Alcock
Her engine was a T.3 cylinder from C. D. Holmes & Co Ltd., also of Hull. Following completion	completion	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
From the 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid. " This Is the Life " (Yankovic) – 3	3	NUM	:	SYM	:
It followed Burruss and her record producers as they attempted to launch the music careers of undiscovered artists, although	although	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Ten Australian aircraft bombed Mafrak between 06: 00 and 08: 00. The railway station, a long	long	ADJ	train	NOUN	 train
They meet various characters from Chrono Trigger along the way, including Masamune, Lavos, Gaspar, Ozzie,	,	PUNCT	Slash	PROPN	 Slash
Angelou told her friend Oprah Winfrey that the call requesting her to write and recite the poem came from television	television	NOUN	producer	NOUN	 producer
In animals, proteins are needed in the diet to provide the essential amino acids that can not be synthesized	synthesized	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The total length of a composite skeletal mount in the Museum für Naturkunde Berlin, Germany, from the tip	tip	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The International Prototype Kilogram was commissioned by the General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) under the authority	authority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was claimed that Perrins had lifted 896 pounds (406 kg) of iron with ease, and he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Most caecilians live underground in burrows in damp soil, in rotten wood and under plant debris, but some	some	PRON	are	AUX	 are
But Holden was initially unimpressed with Lin's on court abilities, and told Lin's high school basketball coach	coach	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other sources put the dimensions as 1.5 miles (2.4 km) long, and 1,000 yards (910 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Sparrow wants it to convince Jones to call off the Kraken. Norrington escapes with the heart amid a battle	battle	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Unlike previous Wilco and Uncle Tupelo recordings, the album featured a lot of overdubbing with Pro Tools. Stirratt	Stirratt	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
With occasional personnel changes, the sextet continued performing into 1951. In the same year, the location for	for	ADP	Tristano	PROPN	 Tristano
A county was divided into several districts, the latter composed of a group of hamlets, each containing about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Guernsey's Chief Minister stated " the directors of Landsbanki Guernsey took appropriate steps by putting the bank into	into	ADP	administration	NOUN	 administration
Back in 2003, he had left HAL Laboratory, the company that was in charge with the franchises '	'	PART	development	NOUN	 development
He was deeply considering converting to Catholicism, discussing the possibility with clergy several times. In 1877, Wilde	Wilde	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
For much of the 4th century, Roman society stabilised in a new form that differed from the earlier classical	classical	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
McCay is a controversial figure in Australian history. Disagreement about his significance and reputation began before his death and	and	CCONJ	continues	VERB	 continues
But it doesn't look good. " Sam Clark said that Ringo and Donna's love for each other	other	ADJ	is	AUX	 is
The production team had to be mindful of the series ' budget when planning the effects and sets; Chibnall	Chibnall	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
He found that many of the children were fully occupied helping their families in summer and only attended school in	in	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
Indian Battle Park, in the coulees of the Oldman River, commemorates the last battle between the Cree and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Harvey made his first class debut in 1947 48, but performed poorly, and did not play a match	match	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He praised the lyrics for not being overwritten and commended their " emotional punch " and " very strong melody	melody	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In April 1900, Wong travelled 13 days up the Rajang River before he decided to choose Sibu as the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
This lowered the tide head to Old Ford, and prevented large boats sailing the river until the 15th century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bostaph left Slayer shortly after the album's recording to work on his own project, Truth About Seafood.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
Other professors at the Academia, originating in several historical regions, were Ion Ghica, Eftimie Murgu, and	and	CCONJ	Ion	PROPN	 Ion
It is an example of the Severn Cotswold tomb and was scheduled as an ancient monument in 1882. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It produced a hit single in the Motown inspired " You ", originally recorded in London in 1971 with	with	ADP	co	NOUN	 co
Later on in the same essay, she commented that Brandon both embodied and rejected traditional masculinity, providing a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Series regulars Peter Shin and James Purdum acted as supervising directors of the episode, with Andrew Goldberg and Alex	Alex	PROPN	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
The local media claimed that the ransom was paid by Kaladze's family, although another source says that Kaladze	Kaladze	PROPN	's	PART	's
During this time, a limited number of women were allowed to attend classes but forbidden from gaining a degree	degree	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They're more funny, or humorous, or something ". In the book Off Limits: Rutgers University	University	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms. Several barriers protect organisms from	from	ADP	infection	NOUN	 infection
Harper emerged a prominent member of the Reform Party caucus. He was active on constitutional issues during his first	first	ADJ	parliament	NOUN	 parliament
" Dibdin's song " refers to the popular song by Charles Dibdin on which the poem is based.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was the parish church of the area, and had a chapel of ease at St Mary's Church	Church	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During the war, Halliday became good friends with General Ulysses S. Grant, and this relationship increased his personal	personal	ADJ	fortune	NOUN	 fortune
Affeldt attended Northwest Christian High School, a Division 2 B school in Colbert, Washington. He participated in	in	ADP	three	NUM	 three
The British frigate was HMS Africaine, a new arrival to the Indian Ocean. She was under the command	command	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Among those who met with Jinnah to seek his return was Liaquat Ali Khan, who would be a major	major	ADJ	political	ADJ	 political
By the 2000s there were fewer than forty, mostly elderly Jews remaining in the city, however, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was built by the monks of Penmon and was believed to have healing powers by some people visiting it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
He insists they sleep at his home in Indianapolis, ruining their night. The next day, Leslie and	and	CCONJ	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
The keel for U 43 was laid down in August 1938 at Bremen; she was launched in May 1939	1939	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
His distaste for Aberhart's social credit government — and in particular its contention, which Brownlee viewed as unfair	unfair	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The algebraic chess notation for chess can be used to record moves in bughouse games. Different notations for piece	piece	NOUN	drops	NOUN	 drops
In 1878, Matthew's father Daniel died. In October 1892, he suffered a stroke, but continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
The following year he moved on to his prep school, South Lodge, Lowestoft, as a day boy	boy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In both directions, the cargo was covered with hide or canvas. The carts were lashed together in brigades	brigades	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency generally puts substances which are lethal at more than 30 g to adults in Toxicity	Toxicity	PROPN	Class	PROPN	 Class
History paintings were generally sold at exhibition for no less than the asking price, and as a consequence often	often	ADV	remained	VERB	 remained
Marsden said Richard acts as an emotional challenge for Superman, since the hero comes back to find that "	"	PUNCT	Lois	PROPN	 Lois
Though he lost his first start of season, he rebounded to win six starts in succession from April 25	25	NUM	though	SCONJ	 though
In 1947, he married his girlfriend Patricia, who remained his wife for the next 58 years until he	he	PRON	died	VERB	 died
It was the only thing that I could change about myself. " Initially " Hair " was supposed to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
So we were working on our second issue by the time I saw it. It was going to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
Seventeen species of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef in warm waters up to 50 metres (160	160	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Fields in the EAA are typically 40 acres (160,000 m2), bordered by canals on two sides,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
Hammou took much of this with him when he escaped to the mountains of the Middle Atlas. The disaster	disaster	NOUN	left	VERB	 left
A chain of fourteen lakes runs across the central drainage basin of Petén. The largest lake is Lake Petén	Petén	PROPN	Itza	PROPN	 Itza
Denning went two days without sleep while building these bridges; shortly after one was completed, a German aeroplane	aeroplane	NOUN	dropped	VERB	 dropped
However, in the absence of modern satellite and other remote sensing technologies, only storms that affected populated land	land	NOUN	areas	NOUN	 areas
Right after their first kiss, Rachel discover Finn on her doorstep. While visiting, Rachel learns that Finn	Finn	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Burnham was put in charge of a 250 private security detail hired by Hammond, who in addition to owning	owning	VERB	large	ADJ	 large
The monastery declined in the late 17th century, and in 1679 many of its treasures were sold due to	to	ADP	economic	ADJ	 economic
Almost a hundred villages were flooded, as were two dams. The Rio Fuerte burst its banks and flooded	flooded	VERB	sixty	NUM	 sixty
The plant populations that best fit Bentham's original description of grandiflora, also known as Grampians heath, occur	occur	VERB	naturally	ADV	 naturally
The essential elements which must be proved to exist are: (i) the intention of the testator to	to	PART	subject	VERB	 subject
Once in charge, she replaced many staffers and exerted far more control over the magazine than any previous editor	editor	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
They are rare among Malagasy clans as newcomers who successfully established their own kingdom within a short time after landing	landing	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Nordic combined had the greatest changes in it schedule with the debut of the 10 km mass start that was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Brooke Little was made Bluemantle. Several months later when Sir Gerald Wollaston died, in the ensuing shuffle Cole	Cole	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
At the end of March, Wotton was one of eight candidates for the new Palm Island Community Council.	.	PUNCT	Wotton	PROPN	 Wotton
Koufax planned to use the signing bonus as tuition to finish his university education, if his baseball career failed	failed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
I know that if they couldn't get me, Michelle and Kim together, [they wouldn't do	do	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Both plays ran for 81 performances from December 1905, and then went on tour. Barrymore continued drinking and	and	CCONJ	lacked	VERB	 lacked
c) Our anxieties have been increased by the lightning reoccupation of the Rhineland and the fact that bases for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
His situation at the club led to interest from Serie A clubs Juventus and Lazio and he was later reported	reported	VERB	to	PART	 to
The turbines were powered by 18 Yarrow small tube boilers equally divided among three boiler rooms. The turbines were	were	AUX	designed	VERB	 designed
At the 42nd GMA Dove Awards, " Lift Up Your Face " was nominated for the Dove Award for	for	ADP	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
Its diocesan seat is the Saint Peter Cathedral in Erie, which has a 265 feet (81 m)	)	PUNCT	central	ADJ	 central
Along with other senior players, Ambrose was rested from West Indies ' next tour, an ODI tournament in	in	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Some Canadian screening releases included the South by Southwest winning trailer Hobo with a Shotgun. Rodriguez wrote Machete in	in	ADP	1993	NUM	 1993
In addition to Nike and Chevrolet, the club also has several lower level " platinum " sponsors, including	including	VERB	Aon	PROPN	 Aon
John Goodner, a Houston city council member who represented a district that included Gulfton at that time, said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A music video for the track " Get Away " was filmed in Paris, although it was not officially	officially	ADV	released	VERB	 released
Harrison references his Beatles past as one of the trappings of the material world and refers by name to former	former	ADJ	bandmates	NOUN	 bandmates
In December, Plymouth ship breaker Sidney Castle won the tender to dismantle the railway. The remaining track was	was	AUX	lifted	VERB	 lifted
Australia went on to complete a dramatic one wicket victory. Harvey had a poor season overall, scoring only	only	ADV	551	NUM	 551
" You need guys who play like dogs up front, like dogs chasing a cat, " Dixon said	said	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
George Washington served the Line on the transatlantic route until 1931 when she was laid up in the Patuxent River	River	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By December 19, the number of official US personnel in the city was reduced from 147 to 37 and	and	CCONJ	of	ADP	 of
Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) begins negotiations to Josh Girard's (Lonny Ross) new contract. Kenneth	Kenneth	PROPN	Parcell	PROPN	 Parcell
For smaller applications smaller trucks are used. In Canada pickup trucks are used with snow removal operations with a	a	DET	blade	NOUN	 blade
After being subjected to a heavy German artillery bombardment at their form up point, at 8: 45 pm	pm	NOUN	the	DET	 the
He is remembered above all as conductor of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester, which he helped save from dissolution	dissolution	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He was born in Nancy, France to Sir Henry Cumming, a general in the British Army and received	received	VERB	naval	ADJ	 naval
Thayer did carry out an experiment on dazzle camouflage, but it failed to show any reliable advantage over plain	plain	ADJ	paintwork	NOUN	 paintwork
Weems then activates a toy Goldberg machine that he made for Richie earlier. The episode's title is a	a	DET	pun	NOUN	 pun
During the EuroBasket 2007, Parker averaged 20.1 points per game and 2.8 assists per game in nine tournament games	games	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Four additional M 2 machine guns with ready boxes were added to the gunwales of each cutter. As the	the	DET	crews	NOUN	 crews
Her pregnancy turns into a scandal as she is betrothed to Sualtam mac Róich, and the Ulstermen suspect Conchobar	Conchobar	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Most logging tramways operated in the Otway Ranges, Gippsland, and the inner east of the Great Dividing Range	Range	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
It is possible to draw some conclusions about Themistocles's character. Perhaps his most evident trait was his massive	massive	ADJ	ambition	NOUN	 ambition
Though first published in 1790, it was created over a period of twenty years from 1768 onwards. A	A	DET	companion	NOUN	 companion
In the US 7th Marine Regiment's sector, heavy shelling, small arms fire and hand to hand fighting	fighting	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
After Duchovny finished his first draft, Carter added additional plot points, such as the inclusion of the Alien	Alien	PROPN	Bounty	PROPN	 Bounty
After 1347, John VI Kantakouzenos tried to revive the Empire, but met with limited success. Aided by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tarwater was born March 24, 1984 to Dwight and Mary Tarwater in Knoxville, Tennessee. He grew up	up	ADP	in	ADP	 in
With the assistance of Venezuelan anesthesiologist Pedro Arroyo, Betances performed the first ever surgical procedure under chloroform in Puerto	Puerto	PROPN	Rico	PROPN	 Rico
Smith also served as host of the television show This Week in Baseball from 1997 to 1998. Smith was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
" The official history of Hut 6, written immediately after the end of World War II, comments on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Associated Newspapers claimed they had emails proving the link, and wanted to rely on a defence of fair comment	comment	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The 24 member Big Ten media panel selected him as a first team preseason All Big Ten team member.	.	PUNCT	Turner	PROPN	 Turner
Aratus of Sicyon, the strategos of the Achaean League, tried to re take Tegea and Orchomenus in a	a	DET	night	NOUN	 night
Palutena bestowed the people with light to make them happy, but Medusa hated the humans, dried up their	their	PRON	crop	NOUN	 crop
Gard left Core Design after completing Tomb Raider, citing a lack of creative freedom and control over marketing decisions	decisions	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
The aerodynamics of a wind turbine are not straightforward. The air flow at the blades is not the same	same	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The Monadnock's final height was calculated to be the highest economically viable for a load bearing wall design,	,	PUNCT	requiring	VERB	 requiring
On July 13, 2014, Posey and pitcher Madison Bumgarner hit grand slam home runs against the Arizona Diamondbacks	Diamondbacks	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During an effort led, between 1879 and 1881, by the völkisch historian Heinrich von Treitschke and the court	court	NOUN	chaplain	NOUN	 chaplain
" Can't Hold Us Down " lyrically discusses feminism; the song criticizes the " common " gender related	related	VERB	double	ADJ	 double
The biodiversity of local oceanic fauna is not well understood. Sea turtles and mammals, including monk seals,	,	PUNCT	fin	NOUN	 fin
That tour began on July 31, 2012, at the Prairie Capital Convention Center in Springfield, Illinois and	and	CCONJ	ended	VERB	 ended
However, the authors believed the film expands beyond disabilities and explores the " present age where everyone is in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
It would often remove entire sections of these films and add material such as medical reels that lent itself to	to	ADP	sensational	ADJ	 sensational
Silver sulfadiazine (a type of antibiotic) is not recommended as it potentially prolongs healing time. There is	is	VERB	insufficient	ADJ	 insufficient
A compromise by the mayor was adopted by the city council on April 24, 1989, to allow both	both	DET	names	NOUN	 names
These fed target data to the new Fuze Keeping Clock, an analogue fire control system that calculated the gunnery	gunnery	NOUN	information	NOUN	 information
Elections are held every five years, with the next to be held in March 2019. Alanya also has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
The typical six- or seven storey timbered London tenement houses had " jetties " (projecting upper floors).	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The crown also appointed the court chirographer, responsible for noting final concords and filing records of fines. Another	Another	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Operation Effective was scheduled for 22 April. Meanwhile, Devers took steps to delay the French advance. The	The	DET	Alsos	PROPN	 Alsos
Justice Antonin Scalia was present during oral arguments. He passed away in February, voiding his vote in the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
Equivalently, the derivative satisfies the property that <formula> which has the intuitive interpretation (see Figure 1	1	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The organization predicted 13 named storms, including 7 hurricanes, and an ACE index of 122. On June	June	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
In September, Louis visited Cracow to attend the large congress where Peter I of Cyprus attempted to persuade a	a	DET	dozen	NOUN	 dozen
In September 2010, during a webchat with her fansite Rihannadaily.com, Rihanna announced that the album would be called	called	VERB	Loud	PROPN	 Loud
But hey one lives in hope. " The voice actor who plays Angry Dad in the episode was portrayed	portrayed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The library's origins date back to 1908, when the people of the Woodstock neighborhood established a reading room	room	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In response to the Revolution Muslim post, the South Park episode " 201 ", which aired the following	following	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
The court ordered Grotrian Steinweg to stop selling pianos in the US under the " Steinweg " name. Afterward	Afterward	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
First introduced into the United States Congress in 1999, a number of congressional committees have heard testimony on the	the	DET	bill	NOUN	 bill
The United Nations Security Council brokered the Renville Agreement in an attempt to rectify the collapsed Linggarjati Agreement. The	The	DET	agreement	NOUN	 agreement
Chalapathi Rao and Jagannadham were the production executives. Initially, Venkata Reddy had Akkineni Nageswara Rao in mind for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Rehab " reached top ten positions on the singles charts in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and Norway	Norway	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Hubbard lived over a hundred miles from the Blackfeet reservation. While some sources support Scientology's claim of Hubbard	Hubbard	PROPN	's	PART	's
Three weeks later, London and Kendrick competed against William Regal and Dave Taylor. Deuce ' n Domino interfered	interfered	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
This purchase, however, was not processed until 15 January 1919. Spain's Comisión de Experiencias, Proyectos	Proyectos	PROPN	y	PROPN	 y
Simmons says that, after reading the script, he would have been happy to play even the high school	school	NOUN	teacher	NOUN	 teacher
It is operated by the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs rather than the Chicago Park District, which operates most	most	ADJ	major	ADJ	 major
The songs were released on compact disc in 1992 and 1997 as Pahojen poikien lauluja 1 – 2 ("	"	PUNCT	Bad	PROPN	 Bad
Late on October 17, wind shear increased once more as Omar tracked over waters below 26° C (	(	PUNCT	79	NUM	79
" While executive agreements were not mentioned in the Constitution, Congress authorized them for delivery of the mail as	as	ADV	early	ADV	 early
They also decide to include " Somebody to Love " as their closer, but are stuck for a third	third	ADJ	piece	NOUN	 piece
George placed B. epica in B. subg. Banksia, because its inflorescences are typical Banksia flower spikes; B.	B.	PROPN	sect	NOUN	 sect
Perhaps I would have ended up in prison. Not that I had done anything but many other people ended	ended	VERB	up	ADP	 up
; he was replaced with former Despised Icon guitarist, Al Glassman. On May 1, 2009, the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Unfortunately for Zeballos, his plan was leaked to the media, and the resulting public outcry — Argentine citizens	citizens	NOUN	happened	VERB	 happened
The introduction of the CIP brought an unprecedented new level of economic liberalism and capitalism, and at first,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It is a producer of agricultural produce such as millets, ghee (clarified butter), oilseeds, and	and	CCONJ	salt	NOUN	 salt
Originally called the Brown House, it was designed by architect T.A. Allen, and built in 1913 by local	local	ADJ	builders	NOUN	 builders
Cancellara commented that he felt " free as a bird " in the Amstel, riding it for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The idea of waiting for a good job, earned through working from the bottom up, frequently upsets and	and	CCONJ	frustrates	VERB	 frustrates
The O 2 continues west to Edirne and the O 4 continues east to Ankara; the O 2,	,	PUNCT	O	INTJ	 O
The " Rachel " is often ranked among the greatest and most iconic hairstyles of all time, with Redbook	Redbook	PROPN	placing	VERB	 placing
Lumber yards, groceries stores, and hardware stores reported unusually high demand for emergency supplies, though certain smaller	smaller	ADJ	businesses	NOUN	 businesses
He practices pickoff moves and coordinates signals with the first basemen to indicate when he is primed to move for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
As Maxwell sailed from his home in Scotland to London to make preparations for his departure, he was suddenly	suddenly	ADV	taken	VERB	 taken
B ' alaj Chan K ' awiil was installed on the throne of the new outpost at the age of	of	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Koch returned to the East Indies operation, and on 30 January 1942, when in command of Corio,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Given that the gallows were still in regular use, it was felt that " thou shalt not kill "	"	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
It has whitish stripes on its flanks, a long grey bill and grey legs. In flight, the	the	DET	wings	NOUN	 wings
The package design won an honorable mention at a packaging industry design competition hosted by the Quick Service Restaurant division	division	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She won the WWF Women's Championship on July 3, 1986 when she defeated Moolah at the Brisbane Festival	Festival	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
Blake was livid, but agreed only if Plante removed the mask when his face was healed. Wearing the	the	DET	mask	NOUN	 mask
His successor Henry IV went even further, introducing the death penalty for heresy and for possession of a bible	bible	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As the magma, which is significantly hotter than the boiling point of water, comes into contact with water	water	NOUN	an	DET	 an
The singles taken from this album were " Robot Rock ", " Technologic ", " Human After All	All	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
But that kid could've been of any ethnicity but they made the effort to make him Asian - just	just	ADV	a	DET	 a
In danger of being arrested and unable to get a passport to go to Russia, Reed, disguised as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Many smaller cacti have globe shaped stems, combining the highest possible volume for water storage, with the lowest	lowest	ADJ	possible	ADJ	 possible
Players do not need to gather every egg to complete the main portion of the game or gain access to	to	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
Wacht was sunk, but the crew was safely evacuated and neither ship suffered casualties. During the maneuvers,	,	PUNCT	Wacht	PROPN	 Wacht
One show featured a guest appearance by Metallica drummer (and Mustaine's former bandmate) Lars Ulrich. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The New South Wales waratah had been considered to be protandrous (that is, with male parts concluding sexual	sexual	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
In 1927, Route 6 was legislated to run from Delaware east to the George Washington Bridge, replacing portions	portions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Newport News Shipbuilding operates The Apprentice School, a vocational school teaching various shipyard and related trades. Thomas Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	Community	PROPN	 Community
The 1965 – 66 season was one of the best (but painful) periods for Nea Salamina; the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
His jeep bore oversized rank placards on the front and back, as well as a klaxon horn which would	would	AUX	loudly	ADV	 loudly
The US Navy painted some ships dark gray with white structures above bridge level. Both the US Navy and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Due to a decrease in demand, the Tammiku and Sompa mines closed in 1999 and those at Kohtla and	and	CCONJ	Ahtme	PROPN	 Ahtme
Temple Meads is managed by Network Rail and the majority of services are operated by the present day Great Western	Western	PROPN	Railway	PROPN	 Railway
Jaan Uhelszki from Rolling Stone criticized the album as being " chilly, forced and overdone ", while The	The	DET	Atlanta	PROPN	 Atlanta
Then I realised the magic is me really prying stuff out of my head and getting it on to tape	tape	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Revealed to be alive, an adult Jason exacts revenge on Alice for decapitating his mother in the original film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The chase was led by Cofidis and Team Europcar and Gerard had less than a minute's lead at the	the	DET	Côte	PROPN	 Côte
John Lydon, better known as Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols, declared her work to be " beauty	beauty	NOUN	beyond	ADP	 beyond
The commander of the 1st Cavalry Division was Diviziski General Dragoslav Stefanović. While the divisional headquarters and other divisional	divisional	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
The following year Gielgud directed Richardson in The School for Scandal, first at the Haymarket and then on a	a	DET	North	ADJ	 North
He also filmed a role in The Wind in the Willows (Terry Jones, 1996) as St John	John	PROPN	Weasel	PROPN	 Weasel
It is prescribed as a textbook for students of graduate and post graduate studies in the Kannada language. Although	Although	SCONJ	Keshiraja	PROPN	 Keshiraja
With the accord in place (principally with South Africa), UNTAG was then formally established in accordance with	with	ADP	Resolution	PROPN	 Resolution
Although the song fell to number 42 the following week, it began to continually climb the chart as from	from	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Rolo Tomassi completed their first tour of the year as the main support for Architects on a 14 date UK	UK	PROPN	tour	NOUN	 tour
The ship was stricken from the navy list in March 1921 and sold for scrapping in that year. Schwaben	Schwaben	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Despite his commander's order to remain on base, he joined a patrol into Mozambique and crossed the border	border	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" The album was the band's lowest peaking record at that point in their career, debuting at number	number	NOUN	171	NUM	 171
Passing just north of Guam, Dolphin produced the first typhoon force winds on the island since 2002 during Typhoon	Typhoon	PROPN	Pongsona	PROPN	 Pongsona
Gravel pathways lined with Phoenix canariensis palms, the lawn in front of the church, and the stone churchyard	churchyard	ADJ	fence	NOUN	 fence
One of the reasons for the long period of neglect of Schubert's piano sonatas seems to be their dismissal	dismissal	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
News reports at the time reported, per the Atomic Energy Commission's briefing, that there was slight risk	risk	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1807, Desha was elected to the first of six consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Castelli and Belgrano backed a pair of projects from Francisco Cabello y Mesa, who had just arrived from Spain	Spain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The film was released in March 1984, with a production schedule of only nine months and with a budget	budget	NOUN	equivalent	ADJ	 equivalent
If the symptoms are significant, nighttime positive airway pressure (PAP) treatment is tried; this involves the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
Leete's image of Kitchener is featured on a 2014 £2 coin produced by sculptor John Bergdahl for the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
The music video was directed by Spike Jonze and was filmed in Downey, California, USA. Pitchfork Media	Media	PROPN	reported	VERB	 reported
He was torn between his desire to work and his desire not to talk, and he didn't know	know	VERB	what	PRON	 what
The book's source recounted the events: " They said ' We are a private group '. I	I	PRON	asked	VERB	 asked
It transferred to Broadway in 2013. The original McCarter, Off Broadway, and Broadway casts included David Hyde	Hyde	PROPN	Pierce	PROPN	 Pierce
In heathland habitats such as Nadgee or Barren Grounds Nature Reserves, it may not exceed 1 m (3	3	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Informal estimates, on the other hand, often mistakenly included the neighbouring squatter village of Sai Tau Tsuen.	.	PUNCT	Population	NOUN	 Population
Jason Barry as Thomas " Tommy " Ryan: An Irish third class passenger who befriends Jack and Fabrizio.	.	PUNCT	Tommy	PROPN	 Tommy
One death was reported in Mexico due to drowning. Otherwise, no significant damage was reported associated with Beryl	Beryl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The only alternative is a separate existence... What upsets the Igbo population is we are not equally Nigerian	Nigerian	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
In the 21st century, global warming has made access to Siberian tusks easier, since the permafrost thaws more	more	ADV	quickly	ADV	 quickly
The second single from the album was " My Happiness ", released on 14 August 2000 in Australia.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" That's a lot [of players leaving] when the normal rule is: never change a winning	winning	VERB	team	NOUN	 team
Nevertheless, he opined that " [p] eople tried to make it seem like I was saying that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She also held a monocle in her hand. Accompanied by her two female dancers dressed in a similar attire	attire	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With Mario sharing driving duties with sons Michael and Jeff at the 1991 Rolex 24 at Daytona, driving a	a	DET	Porsche	PROPN	 Porsche
As the Admiralty had decided to phase out 12 inch guns and had stopped the manufacture of shells for these	these	DET	weapons	NOUN	 weapons
Composer and six time Grammy award winner Burt Bacharach studied music at McGill, and Win Butler and Régine Chassagne	Chassagne	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
On 7 February 1974, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch,	,	PUNCT	Elizabeth	PROPN	 Elizabeth
The menu is according to the time of day, with breakfasts in the morning and larger meals in the	the	DET	afternoon	NOUN	 afternoon
On the other hand, there are 197 brown trout per kilometer less than 175 millimeters long and 25 per	per	ADP	kilometer	NOUN	 kilometer
The German unit was thought by Fleming to be " one of the most outstanding innovations in German intelligence "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The idea of the historical imagination was replaced with the source based empiricism championed by Ranke. Marinel Ash has	has	AUX	noted	VERB	 noted
About 60 percent of RTI's staff are headquartered on a 180 acre campus inside the Research Triangle Park.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
These are based on glider performance, the lowest being club class, and then progressing through standard (maximum	maximum	ADJ	15	NUM	 15
" During subsequent discussions with a US consular official, Terrazas gave conflicting answers as to whether or not he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
To Aldrich's surprise, Tillman soberly and competently conducted the bill through much of the legislative process. Tillman	Tillman	PROPN	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
Females of the genus Phobaeticus are the world's longest insects, measuring up to 56.7 centimetres (22.3 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
The work tells of an American evacuation of an island for nuclear tests, where one family is left behind	behind	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In addition, during Tom and Jean Ralphio's eulogy presentation for Lil ' Sebastian, a still of the	the	DET	Trifid	PROPN	 Trifid
His independent album Sellout was re released in 2006 on Universal South Records. West said that he began to	to	PART	experience	VERB	 experience
Two particularly important publications were bin Laden's 2002 " Letter to America ", and a 2004 video tape	tape	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
When he was executed in 1649, the Scottish Covenanters objected, but avoided advancing the sanctity of kings as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Crowds numbering 400,000 and more demonstrated in October 2002, and again the following spring. On 15 February 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Reaction to this speech was highly critical, and Everett was attacked by political friends and foes for this apparent	apparent	ADJ	endorsement	NOUN	 endorsement
It made an estimated $206,000,000 in other territories for a worldwide total of $424,967,620. Alan Menken and	and	CCONJ	Howard	PROPN	 Howard
Sidle then opens up to him and reveals her family story; it is during this season that she apparently	apparently	ADV	starts	VERB	 starts
Inglis acquired the 4 acre (1.6 ha) Scroope House on Trumpington Street for the department and constructed a	a	DET	50,000	NUM	 50,000
A pre registered barrage would then descend on No Man's Land. With the introduction of the tank the	the	DET	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
The western shoreline of the seaway was in the vicinity of Cedar City, Utah while the eastern margin was	was	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
In a 2010 book on human rights, Children's Rights and Human Development, child psychiatrist Bruce D. Perry	Perry	PROPN	used	VERB	 used
During its third week, S / O Satyamurthy lost a large number of screens to new releases Dohchay,	,	PUNCT	Kai	PROPN	 Kai
The weight of the breed is on average between 24 – 30 pounds (11 – 14 kg).	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
In the late 1890s, the Fort Crockett defenses and coastal artillery batteries were constructed in Galveston and along the	the	DET	Bolivar	PROPN	 Bolivar
It was not until the 1930s that the pieces, in uncirculated condition, commanded the original price of $	$	SYM	1	NUM	1
All this time, Minh had been allowed to continue as a figurehead chief of state due to his popularity	popularity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It repeatedly claims the Chinese looms to be far superior to all others. It speaks of two types of	of	ADP	loom	NOUN	 loom
The document itself stated that Culkin strongly denied being harmed by Jackson. Two tabloid television shows accepted confidential leaked	leaked	VERB	documents	NOUN	 documents
The Forest Service has listed northern goshawks, flammulated owls, and white headed woodpeckers as a sensitive species in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Spears performed " I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman " as part of her Dream Within	Within	ADP	a	DET	 a
Over the years, McCartney has been named a significant vocal influence by a number of renowned artists, including	including	VERB	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
The album Adios was written and performed almost exclusively by Konietzko and Skold. Ogre again provided vocals, as	as	SCONJ	did	VERB	 did
He was commissioned in 1971 into the Royal Army Ordnance Corps and went on to serve in Germany, Northern	Northern	PROPN	Ireland	PROPN	 Ireland
He was one of three sons of the Neapolitan American Anthony and Adeline Massino. Raised in Maspeth, Queens	Queens	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To separate the input and output signals, many negative resistance amplifiers use nonreciprocal devices such as isolators and directional	directional	ADJ	couplers	NOUN	 couplers
Margaret Bondfield, a Labour politician and feminist and the first woman Cabinet minister in the United Kingdom was born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
By the 1960s, the Ripper had become " the symbol of a predatory aristocracy ", and was more	more	ADV	often	ADV	 often
These claims would be denied by the singer who said that despite the clip for " Why Don't You	You	PRON	Love	VERB	 Love
Wellek and Warren argue that a work does not necessarily become better with more philosophical content. Wellek and Warren	Warren	PROPN	write	VERB	 write
The walrus is the only living species in the family Odobenidae and genus Odobenus. This species is subdivided into	into	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Arsenal won the match 2 – 1. Six days later, Diaby scored Arsenal's opening goal in the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
On Wurst's return to Austria after winning Eurovision, she was greeted at Vienna International Airport by thousands of	of	ADP	fans	NOUN	 fans
Steam was provided by three rectangular fire tube boilers at a pressure of 1.7 atm (172 kPa; 25	25	NUM	psi	NOUN	 psi
" Teen Ink observed, " This part is about how it seems like God doesn't listen to you	you	PRON	or	CCONJ	 or
" According to Chris Carter, the whole idea behind the episode was about numbers and that the " significance	significance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On the second morning, Morris registered his third century of the Test series and his sixth in Ashes matches	matches	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The towns of Tonala and Arriaga were the worst affected by the hurricane, where dozens of trees, poles	poles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In January 1914, though, the gunboat returned to Mexican waters and investigated local conditions at Ensenada between 3	3	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
: Yui Hirasawa Minami ke: Okaeri: Yoshino The Sacred Blacksmith: Lisa Spice and Wolf II: Merta	Merta	PROPN	A	PROPN	 A
After several delays, federal funding for Phase 1 was secured in December 2008 and construction began in March 2009	2009	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 1915, Joseph F. Smith, then sixth president of the LDS Church, announced plans for the first	first	ADJ	temple	NOUN	 temple
As a result of the use of nuclear power, the ships are capable of operating for over 20 years	years	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
The Griffins have a yard sale to sell off household items that they no longer need, but Brian accidentally	accidentally	ADV	sells	VERB	 sells
Poniewozik described her as " pretty damn excellent ", and Votta wrote, " She only has one generally	generally	ADV	pointless	ADJ	 pointless
MacFarlane's debut studio album, Music Is Better Than Words, was released on September 27, 2011,	,	PUNCT	drawing	VERB	 drawing
Cummings also voiced a gopher that talks with Zazu and replaced Irons as Scar in certain lines of " Be	Be	AUX	Prepared	ADJ	 Prepared
The remote Bob Marshall Wilderness Complex is located in the two forests immediately to the south. The park contains	contains	VERB	a	DET	 a
On October 5, Secretary of State Robert Lansing was the first official to propose that Marshall forcibly assume the	the	DET	presidency	NOUN	 presidency
The show's goals were garnered from in house formative research which informed and improved production, and independent summative	summative	ADJ	evaluations	NOUN	 evaluations
The route from New Haven to Springfield, crossing the Connecticut River at Hartford, was marked with blue bands	bands	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura lymma) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. Found from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the filming of Jackson's 1996 film The Frighteners, Universal Pictures was impressed with Jackson's dailies and	and	CCONJ	early	ADJ	 early
Hook handed Vietnam veteran Staff Sergeant John " Four Leaf " Tayback's (Nick Nolte) memoir, Tropic	Tropic	PROPN	Thunder	PROPN	 Thunder
The collection was present on the DVD chart for twenty weeks, and ranked at twenty on the Australian Highest	Highest	PROPN	Selling	PROPN	 Selling
He began on the show as an Indiana state auditor who visits the fictional city of Pawnee to help solve	solve	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The coin was designed by Laura Gardin Fraser and James Earle Fraser, and commemorates those who traveled the Oregon	Oregon	PROPN	Trail	PROPN	 Trail
On 21 February 1809, a large French fleet under Admiral Jean Baptiste Willaumez attempted to escape Brest and was	was	AUX	chased	VERB	 chased
The sketch of the project was done by Lluís Bonet i Garí, Gaudí's assistant. In 1922 Gaudí	Gaudí	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Size definitions must be met for six hours or greater. Its maximum extent is defined as when the cloud	cloud	NOUN	shield	NOUN	 shield
Thunderstorm activity developed within the monsoon trough 465 kilometres (289 mi) southwest of Guam. The system tracked	tracked	VERB	west	ADV	 west
However, the cost of upholding his position at the papal court caused him to sell most of his grandfather	grandfather	NOUN	Honoré	PROPN	 Honoré
Once again Puma King tried to help his uncle, but this time the referee disqualified El Felino for the	the	DET	transgression	NOUN	 transgression
Of these ephemeral productions, " bookplates have survived the best ". Bewick's bookplates were illustrations made from	from	ADP	engravings	NOUN	 engravings
From this time a business letter from Amy Dudley survives, settling some debts of her husband's in his	his	PRON	absence	NOUN	 absence
As early as 1569, it was proposed that a small fort with a cavalier be built on the Isolotto	Isolotto	PROPN	to	PART	 to
This room also features a fine carved overmantel with a woven love knot and central heart; the ground floor	floor	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
Another Venus – Jupiter conjunction occurred earlier in August, 3 BC. These events however occurred after the generally	generally	ADV	accepted	VERB	 accepted
Unable to sway enough disaffected Kirchner supporters, Lavagna garnered third place. Alfonsín was honoured by President Cristina Fernández	Fernández	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
She advises Claudius that he should end Otho's ambitions once and for all by abdicating in favour of Nero	Nero	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Harith had been raised to the kingship and to the position of supreme phylarch by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I	I	PRON	(	PUNCT	 (
The eighth species of the genus, the marsh rice rat (O. palustris) is the only member of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Nova reached the sixth inning only once, however, as he allowed a higher opponents ' batting average and	and	CCONJ	ERA	PROPN	 ERA
In Portal 2, communication is vital to success ". Several reviewers praised the non verbal cues that players	players	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Yavuz and Midilli returned to the Bosphorus unharmed. On 25 April, the same day the Allies landed at	at	ADP	Gallipoli	PROPN	 Gallipoli
The Wall Street Journal's Joe Morgenstern enthusiastically praised both the song and the sequence, hailing the latter as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The Bears drove to their own 47, but on a fourth down conversion attempt, tight end Desmond Clark	Clark	PROPN	dropped	VERB	 dropped
Middlesbrough's original home kit upon election to the Football League in 1899 was a white home shirt with blue	blue	ADJ	shorts	NOUN	 shorts
Poitier portrays a monster similar to Gamera, a flying turtle monster, and film critic Leonard Maltin transforms into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
The carrier ended operations on 30 September 2014 after being fully integrated with Japan Airlines. JAL Express (JEX	JEX	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He assembled a team which contained several Scottish players, and also brought in England international outside right Dicky Bond	Bond	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time of filming " The Five ", the actors who played Watson and Griffin had not been	been	AUX	cast	VERB	 cast
General purpose supercomputers have been used to simulate protein folding, but such systems are intrinsically expensive and typically shared	shared	VERB	among	ADP	 among
It is their first album with guitarist Steve Howe who replaced Peter Banks in 1970, and their last in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 1968, Townshend was unsure about how the Who should progress musically. The group were no longer teenagers	teenagers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The conductor Sir Thomas Beecham wrote that for 200 years the chorus was " the national medium of musical utterance	utterance	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
However, many clarinetists and conductors prefer to play parts originally written for obscure instruments on B♭ or E	E	NOUN	♭	PROPN	♭
She also sings the lines " Let me feed you, let me run your bath water, whatever you	you	PRON	desire	VERB	 desire
Despite this, Crosby remained popular through his senior year at the university, and he was one of three	three	NUM	graduates	NOUN	 graduates
Gary Rook of Sinclair User similarly praised the gameplay, suggesting that it had a " workmanship " quality to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Thermogenin is a 33 kDa protein first discovered in 1973. Thermogenin is primarily found in brown adipose tissue,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
It is widely distributed in mixed and deciduous forests of the southeastern United States, where it grows solitarily or	or	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The first written description of an infinite series that could be used to compute π was laid out in Sanskrit	Sanskrit	PROPN	verse	NOUN	 verse
By summing an infinity of such conatuses (i.e., what is now called integration), Leibniz could measure	measure	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 13 June, Devers ordered Larkin to shift priority for supplies from Fifth Army in Italy to Seventh Army	Army	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Another dramatic result of Brezhnev's rule was that certain Eastern Bloc countries became more economically advanced than the Soviet	Soviet	PROPN	Union	PROPN	 Union
General Reynolds was shot and killed early in the fighting while directing troop and artillery placements just to the east	east	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Prohaska was to act in concert with the 11th Battalion who were already in the vicinity of Plužine, just	just	ADV	to	ADP	 to
They were only able to offer the actors salaries that were well below their usual pay, but they agreed	agreed	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
On December 27, 2005, the RCMP confirmed that information in a press release. At the conclusion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Founded in 1908, ANAK's purpose is " to honor outstanding juniors and seniors who have shown both exemplary	exemplary	ADJ	leadership	NOUN	 leadership
Beresford followed the instructions slowly but surely and finally began the Siege of Badajoz on 4 May. A positive	positive	ADJ	development	NOUN	 development
House building on a large scale can not be started before the enormous amount of rubble is cleared. The	The	DET	government	NOUN	 government
The ruling only applies in Australia and Deckers still owns the trademarks in other jurisdictions such as the US,	,	PUNCT	China	PROPN	 China
On October 8, 2005, at New Japan Pro Wrestling's (NJPW) Toukon Souzou New Chapter event	event	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The ship did not sink right away, however. Continuing on her way, Sterett was suddenly ambushed by	by	ADP	Teruzuki	PROPN	 Teruzuki
" In 1993, Korn released their first demo album, Neidermayer's Mind. The album had very limited	limited	ADJ	printing	NOUN	 printing
She suggests that he ask the Stonecutters to do volunteer work to help the community, which Homer agrees to	to	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Al received an honorable discharge from the US Army on September 1, 1945. Two months later, unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
These languages are of unique historical significance, since most historical linguists consider Taiwan to be the original homeland of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
If they heard dots, the short 0.2 s pulse, they would know they were too far to the	the	DET	left	NOUN	 left
On December 9, Temple Owls matched up against Georgetown. Fran Dunphy earned his 400th career victory, as	as	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
" Her combination of attractive appearance – centered on her large eyes – and somewhat distant and understated manner made	made	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Sinden considered the first period of the first Swedish game the team's worst since the team was put together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Although Dylan had been noncommittal about playing at that event until the last minute, a mutual friend of his	his	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
The film is now sold by itself without the original Saw. According to The Numbers.com, which only counts	counts	VERB	DVD	NOUN	 DVD
Her mother, Susan, had been a school teacher in the Fitchburg area and during the Civil War was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Curving back to the west, Astride struck northeastern Madagascar between Vohemar and Antsiranana on December 31 as a minimal	minimal	ADJ	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
He agreed to a four year contract at a salary of $95,000 a year. Even though Skip came	came	VERB	from	ADP	 from
" Not Now " features a church organ in its verses and guitar riffs reminiscent of the Descendents; its	its	PRON	subject	NOUN	 subject
According to the customs of some tribes, it was considered taboo to skin the animal, while other tribes	tribes	NOUN	thought	VERB	 thought
Hand raised birds can be bought for anywhere between $15,000 to $40,000 in the United States, where	where	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Denver lies within the semi arid, continental climate zone (Köppen climate classification BSk). It has four	four	NUM	distinct	ADJ	 distinct
He continued to be punished by the Australian batsmen, taking a total of 1 / 178 from 26 overs	overs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harding biographer Charles W. Murray noted that there is no evidence besides Harvey's word that Harding went to the	the	DET	Hays	PROPN	 Hays
Assuming that the two lobes of the nebula are symmetrical, the projection of the nebula onto the sky depends	depends	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Although tenebrae / tenebre is a Latin / Italian word meaning " darkness " or " shadows ", Argento	Argento	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
He ushered him into the marriage as the other Tuscan princes, Francesco Maria de ' Medici and Gian Gastone	Gastone	PROPN	de	X	 de
The creek serves as a tributary of the San Antonio River and forms the easternmost boundary of its watershed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Biehn's scene was not featured in the theatrical release of the film, but it was restored in extended	extended	VERB	versions	NOUN	 versions
There are 13 known isotopes of boron, the shortest lived isotope is 7B which decays through proton emission and	and	CCONJ	alpha	NOUN	 alpha
Smits earned five consecutive Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series nominations as well as three	three	NUM	nominations	NOUN	 nominations
NY 253 once entered this junction on Mendon Center Road and followed NY 64 into Pittsford; however, today	today	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tornado Alley covers the northern section of Texas. The state experiences the most tornadoes in the United States,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Steagall and Lanier are credited as the writers of this song from their work on its original version in 1967	1967	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He tells her that she has a nice smile and he would like to take her out to dinner and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Zimmerman was subsequently reelected twice to the position, and he served as Hampshire County's prosecuting attorney from 1900	1900	NUM	until	ADP	 until
On 8 September 2012, Bond producers announced Craig had signed on for two future Bond films, meaning he	he	PRON	will	AUX	 will
On the night of 26 – 27 April 1942 the Luftwaffe attacked Bath. MacLachlan took off in the evening	evening	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1925, Fender returned to his best form, completing the double with 1,042 runs and 137 wickets.	.	PUNCT	Surrey	PROPN	 Surrey
The text includes as a closing chorale the fourth stanza of the hymn " Herzlich tut mich verlangen " by	by	ADP	Christoph	PROPN	 Christoph
Bachi are also held in a number of different styles. In kumi daiko, it is common for a	a	DET	player	NOUN	 player
The resistance was alerted to carry out these tasks by messages personnels transmitted by the BBC's French service from	from	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
His performance was that good, in college and on the Cape. Now, teams appreciate what that means	means	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
On 15 November, as a sub lieutenant, Hashimoto was assigned to the crew of the gunboat Hozu,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The highway was transferred to county jurisdiction in late 1961 when the I 75 / US 10 / US 23	23	NUM	freeway	NOUN	 freeway
This also allowed officials great leeway to discriminate. Even if an African American maneuvered past all of these blocks	blocks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Past Reids Grove, the route continues through a mix of woodland and farmland, still paralleling the power lines	lines	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This was based, at least in part, in the belief that Boeing B 17 Flying Fortress bombers could	could	AUX	deter	VERB	 deter
Longchamp went to the court of Henry VI, the Holy Roman Emperor, who was holding King Richard I	I	PRON	captive	ADJ	 captive
Of the castles built by William the Conqueror two thirds were built in towns and cities, often those with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Moyes felt that Brown's superior record on English soil was a result of the crowd attitude, which was	was	AUX	more	ADV	 more
Thirlwall told Sarah Dean of The Huffington Post that the song was also inspired to show how the group has	has	AUX	grown	VERB	 grown
For the album cover, Barrett painted the floor of his bedroom in Wetherby Mansions orange and purple. The	The	DET	nude	ADJ	 nude
The song was performed many times during Mars ' debut world tour, The Doo Wops & Hooligans Tour (	(	PUNCT	2010	NUM	2010
It was certified Gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry (FIMI) for selling 15,000 copies in	in	ADP	that	DET	 that
Harper enrolled at the University of Toronto but dropped out after two months. He then moved to Edmonton,	,	PUNCT	Alberta	PROPN	 Alberta
" Itoelah Asalkoe Tobat " (Perfected Spelling: " Itulah Asalku Tobat ", meaning " Thus Did I	I	PRON	Repent	VERB	 Repent
The slender Viper 1 and smaller Viper 2 were designed for use as a police officer's backup weapon.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Due to a real life arrangement with WWF owner Vince McMahon, Hogan was supposed to lose the title to	to	ADP	Bret	PROPN	 Bret
Kneale claimed to have picked his leading character's unusual last name at random from a London telephone directory.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
He also noted the lack of audience interference, suggesting either good behavior by attendees or subtle work by audio	audio	ADJ	engineers	NOUN	 engineers
In modern Israel, this filling dish, in many variations, is still eaten on the Sabbath day,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Through the rest of the 1990s, The Wiggles maintained a busy recording and touring schedule, becoming as Field	Field	PROPN	reported	VERB	 reported
A ritual was carried out at the site in 1989 in order to reestablish the ruins as a sacred place	place	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The museum building which was an archaeological research institution of the French School of the Far East under French colonial	colonial	NOUN	rule	NOUN	 rule
The second comes from the conversion of the Mérens to a leisure horse in the 1980s, and aims to	to	PART	transform	VERB	 transform
After The Lockers disbanded, Tony Go Go went on to open a locking school in Japan in 1985.	.	PUNCT	Roboting	NOUN	 Roboting
Paul Verna, singles editorial for Billboard magazine, called the song a " spunky cumbia ", while John	John	PROPN	Lannert	PROPN	 Lannert
Cultivation of edible Russulaceae, as in other ectomycorrhizal fungi, is challenging, since the presence of host trees	trees	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Q * bert is an action game with puzzle elements played from an axonometric third person perspective to convey a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
Still, he strongly suggested Patton apologize to all involved. On 21 August, Patton brought Bennett into his	his	PRON	office	NOUN	 office
Eventually, the Expédition d'Irlande was despatched in December 1796 under Admiral Morard de Galles, consisting of 17 ships	ships	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Liu Bang assumed the title " emperor " (huangdi) at the urging of his followers and is known	known	VERB	posthumously	ADV	 posthumously
Due to his high profile and visibility, Giuliani was supported by the state Republican Party, even though he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
This became impractical when Germany invaded Poland on September 1, 1939; subsequently Germany withdrew its bid to host	host	VERB	the	DET	 the
Players may need to balance a budget, such as managing debt, or paying down maintenance costs. 4X	4X	PROPN	games	NOUN	 games
He performed with David Gilmour at the Hoping Foundation Benefit Evening in July 2010. The four song set included	included	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
BES assigns grades for each of four categories: hydrology, water quality, habitat, and fish and wildlife	wildlife	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cooked tarantula spiders are considered a delicacy in Cambodia, and by the Piaroa Indians of southern Venezuela. Spider	Spider	NOUN	venoms	NOUN	 venoms
It has been compared with Charles Rennie Mackintosh's Glasgow School of Art and it is sometimes suggested that Mackintosh	Mackintosh	PROPN	's	PART	's
In this, she was following children ’ s writers such as Thomas Day who, in his popular The	The	DET	History	NOUN	 History
In Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, gender differences were introduced; a female Pikachu now has an indent at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Formica polyctena, among other ant species, constructs nests that maintain a relatively constant interior temperature that aids in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A spokesman for Ono said McCartney was making " an attempt to rewrite history ". In a Rolling Stone	Stone	PROPN	interview	NOUN	 interview
The airport is located at 49° 27′ 45 ″ N 119° 36′ 08 ″ W on 3000 Airport	Airport	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
When Middleton reached the university's mandatory retirement age of 70 in 1959, the Alumni Council adopted a resolution	resolution	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In " Pac Man Fever ", the April 24, 2013 episode of the American TV series Supernatural,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Leng groups the song with another Extra Texture track, " Grey Cloudy Lies ", however, as "	"	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
West praised the " lovely little guitar solo " and gave the song a " B "; Chaney bestowed	bestowed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Later analysis indicated that these figures constituted the hurricane's peak intensity. After peaking, Dot slightly weakened,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Immediately following the collapse, Governor Pawlenty and Mn / DOT announced that the Illinois based engineering firm of Wiss	Wiss	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When Kyla discovered a small supply in his desk drawer, she assumed he was HIV positive, and after	after	ADP	failing	VERB	 failing
In Commonweal he serialised a 13 episode poem, The Pilgrims of Hope, which was set in the period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" You're Not Sorry " received moderately positive reviews from critics. Rob Sheffield of Blender magazine received "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
" Naan Mahaan Alla was dubbed into Telugu and released as Naa Peru Shiva in 2011; it was very	very	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
NY 324 is known by two names along its routing: Grand Island Boulevard on Grand Island and Sheridan Drive	Drive	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The declaration designated the affected citizens eligible for grants to pay for temporary housing, house repairs, and serious	serious	ADJ	disaster	NOUN	 disaster
McClellan, Ervin, McCarthy, and Mundt were drawn from Government Operations, and Kennedy, McNamara, Ives	Ives	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Whereas temperatures on Saturn are normally − 185° C, temperatures on the vortex often reach as high as	as	ADP	−	PROPN	 −
Another team gave the local officials seismographs, but no instructions on how to operate them. Volcanic activity increased	increased	VERB	again	ADV	 again
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory earned $56,178,450 in its opening weekend, the fifth highest opening weekend gross for	for	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
Many self identified lesbians neglect to see a physician because they do not participate in heterosexual activity and require no	no	DET	birth	NOUN	 birth
" In 1992 GCC distributed a half hour video entitled The Greening of Planet Earth, to hundreds of journalists	journalists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The night prior to the challenge, the UN representative returns with the chance for Chris to escape and reunite	reunite	VERB	with	ADP	 with
When Plagis learned what had happened, he was inconsolable, holding himself responsible. In his journal, he	he	PRON	vowed	VERB	 vowed
Martin Cameron quickly followed, and Robin Millhouse consulted with members from his constituency before agreeing to resign from the	the	DET	LCL	PROPN	 LCL
RSMAS offers a joint program with the UM Law School which awards its students both a Juris Doctor degree and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
It has a steel penetrator and an aluminum core. The SS190 has been manufactured with a plain, black	black	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
A force of 5,000 additional Marathas was located at the confluence of two rivers — the Mula and the Mutha	Mutha	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
Complementing Kaufmann and True's work, the Norwegian born, naturalized American sculptor Oskar J.W. Hansen designed many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The teaching that God would restore the Jews to Palestine was discontinued around the same time. Russell's teaching	teaching	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Grant believed the bill would destroy the credit of the nation, and he vetoed it despite their objections.	.	PUNCT	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
Starting with the ninth episode of the final season, " Patriot ", the Justice League are alerted to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite his many successes, during the last twenty years of his life Alexios lost much of his popularity.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Kennedy's younger brother, Edward Moore " Ted " Kennedy, eulogized him with the words: My brother	brother	NOUN	need	AUX	 need
Reid was also instrumental in organising the public lectures that were established in Edinburgh in the 1540s on law,	,	PUNCT	Greek	PROPN	 Greek
Situated in a valley through the Hampshire Downs at an average altitude of 88 metres (289 ft) Basingstoke	Basingstoke	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Ramasamy was signed as art director, and D. Vasu as editor. Ashok Kumar and Ramachandra Babu were the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
In 1973, the church appeared on a 50 cent postage stamp, one of four in a series illustrating	illustrating	VERB	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
In 1911 he led one of the first organized player strikes over increased pay. When the Wanderers ' home	home	NOUN	arena	NOUN	 arena
Politically, he aligned himself with the Conservative Party of Canada. In his free time he enjoyed the sports	sports	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The finishing post for the Boat Race is just downstream of Chiswick Bridge. Chiswick was historically the ancient parish	parish	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Divine Word Missionaries built a church in the Jiaozhou Bay concession in Shandong in 1902, and in 1934	1934	NUM	erected	VERB	 erected
McCarthy considered the Adventures of Tintin to be " stupendously rich ", containing " a mastery of plot and	and	CCONJ	symbol	NOUN	 symbol
The sixth aspect of the Six Paths, the Deva Path (天道, Tendō), provides five known	known	VERB	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
The Disi Water Conveyance project was first proposed in the 1990s, but was initially regarded as too expensive.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Ben Lyons and Ben Mankiewicz gave the film a " See It " and " Skip It ", respectively	respectively	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Lyrically, the group discusses a wide range of topics including urban life as hustlers, existential introspection, and	and	CCONJ	extraterrestrial	ADJ	 extraterrestrial
William Howie, Baron Howie of Troon served as a publishing consultant to Parliamentary Monitoring Services in 2004; in	in	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
Billboard also placed The Monster Ball Tour at position four on their Year end Top 25 Tours of 2010.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
802 – 811) and an Abbasid army under Ibrahim ibn Jibril. Nikephoros ' accession in 802 resulted in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The geometry consulting company Evolute GmbH developed panelling that rationalised the 5,400 square metres (58,000 sq ft) double	double	ADJ	curved	VERB	 curved
The forwards were considered to be at least equal to, if not better, than the English. Guillemin	Guillemin	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle as anti communist propaganda for its children's supplement Le Petit	Petit	PROPN	Vingtième	PROPN	 Vingtième
The events of early Season 2 were said to mark a shift in the story from mystery to journey,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Markgraf's 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced with four 8.8 cm anti aircraft guns. The ship's	's	PART	main	ADJ	 main
", two singles from Tragic Kingdom, neither of which were commercially successful, or " Squeal " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
He was interviewed by Don Imus on his Imus in the Morning radio show and put in guest appearances on	on	ADP	Late	ADJ	 Late
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Throughout the day, Warren's squadron closed from the north east while Bompart made frantic efforts to reach open	open	ADJ	water	NOUN	 water
On the other hand, Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com was particularly critical of the game, finding the game painful	painful	ADJ	to	PART	 to
It was Federer's first victory over Nadal in over 3 and a half years, having lost the previous	previous	ADJ	5	NUM	 5
As of 2012 the ground and top floors of the main house, together with the adjacent wings, are	are	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The resulting sharp bend in the course of the road could also be exploited in case of need to block	block	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nokian Tyres licenses production of its tyres to companies in the United States (Bridgestone, LaVergne, Tennessee plant	plant	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Watson is based on commercially available IBM Power 750 servers that have been marketed since February 2010. IBM also	also	ADV	intends	VERB	 intends
Rave music may either refer to the late 1980s / early 1990s genres of house, acid house and techno	techno	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Newsboys have played this song ever since Tait joined in early 2009. The band also released a new	new	ADJ	recording	NOUN	 recording
Regarding the Vietnam War, Romney called for the withdrawal of all American troops by the end of 1971,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Although relatively heavy with a high sink rate, the Hotspur exhibited good flying characteristics and could even be flown	flown	VERB	aerobatically	ADV	 aerobatically
Jerry calls Ray and has lunch with him, while George sits in the next booth and eavesdrops on their	their	PRON	conversation	NOUN	 conversation
Expert opinion varies from " use both levers equally at first " to " the fastest that you can stop	stop	VERB	any	DET	 any
She is voiced by Melissa Fahn in the English version, and Tomoe Hanba in the Japanese version. In	In	ADP	1994	NUM	 1994
String and wind instruments play an important role in Barbadian folk culture, especially the bow fiddle, banjo and	and	CCONJ	acoustic	PROPN	 acoustic
The mayor is the chief executive of the city, and the office is held in 2010 by Frank G.	G.	PROPN	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
The English (or Shakespearean) sonnet follows the rhyme scheme abab, cdcd, efef, gg, introducing	introducing	VERB	a	DET	 a
In addition to supplying acoustic rhythm guitar on the song, Harrison played an electric guitar solo, which appears	appears	VERB	shortly	ADV	 shortly
After Henry's death, the Welsh attempted to drive out the Norman lords who had been extending their control	control	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The Prime Minister, Gladstone, called several times to enquire about his rival's condition, and wrote in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Application of social sustainability requires stakeholders to look at human and labor rights, prevention of human trafficking, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Provisions in the dispute ending treaty imposed restrictions on both countries ' navies. The United Kingdom's Royal Navy	Navy	PROPN	bought	VERB	 bought
Emergency vehicle drivers abandoned their vehicles counter to established policy in the course of the rescue efforts. This prevented	prevented	VERB	other	ADJ	 other
" Carroll further opined that " [Robey] has never failed in anything he has undertaken. He is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
After making landfall near Jacmel, Hurricane Gustav began traversing northwestward across the mountainous terrain of southwestern Haiti, dumping	dumping	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The presence of mutagens may induce the release of some immature " micronucleated " erythrocytes into the bloodstream. Anucleated	Anucleated	VERB	cells	NOUN	 cells
And air quality, water quality, no matter where we live on this big globe, we're all	all	ADV	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
When May was absent from the team with illness during parts of 1960 and 1961, Cowdrey replaced him.	.	PUNCT	Allen	PROPN	 Allen
A junior and infant department opened in September 1997 after the closure of St Audrey's Convent school. St	St	PROPN	Audrey	PROPN	 Audrey
As an example, a filter with a 3: 1 stopband might have five teeth across the width of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The success of the music produced by the movement and its passage from underground phenomenon to mainstream genre, prompted	prompted	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The Southern Railway considered naming the locomotives after victories of the Second World War, to the extent that a	a	DET	mocked	VERB	 mocked
Battalions, companies, and platoons, cut off and isolated, fought independently of higher control and help except	except	SCONJ	for	ADP	 for
The Court reversed the ruling of the Court of Appeals, holding that President George W. Bush did not have	have	VERB	authority	NOUN	 authority
The species is protected by national and international measures, but the IUCN Red List recommends further research on various	various	ADJ	aspects	NOUN	 aspects
A disturbance in the South Indian convergence zone near Seychelles persisted on October 24 with an area of convection.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The eyes of the queens and males are larger than in workers. Specimens of Tatuidris are small, about	about	ADV	3.5	NUM	 3.5
The United States energy market is about 29,000 terawatt hours per year. Energy consumption per capita is 7.8 tons	tons	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Michalka has said that it was difficult for the writers to incorporate her storylines with the others. During the	the	DET	2010	NUM	 2010
He aspires to make his works look like they have independent realities that he reveals rather than creates. For	For	ADP	him	PRON	 him
For practical purposes the same verse, closing Ihr, die ihr euch von Christo nennet, BWV 164,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Most of the other contemporary yoga systems alluded in the Upanishads and some Pali canons are lost to time.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By the mid 1980s Cameron was focusing to a greater extent on her family life, particularly in looking after	after	ADP	her	PRON	 her
In 1271 or 1272 his first son was born, and in reference to the new family title, William	William	PROPN	named	VERB	 named
He knew that Pennant, with little skill or inclination as a field naturalist, was gathering observations to publish	publish	VERB	in	ADP	 in
However, Arsenal couldn't capitalise on the opportunities and the final corner ended in the ball being shot a	a	DET	distance	NOUN	 distance
Gill missed only three games in all competitions in the 2007 – 08 season, and then signed a contract	contract	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In the ensuing struggle, Maymun was driven from the city and forced to surrender the Rus ' soldiers,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The episode stayed up for the remainder of the week, then taken down, and added to the site	site	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
He later discovered East Coast hip hop. During the recording of Rival Factions, the band took heavy influence	influence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" Guitar World ranked it # 76 on its list of the " Top 100 Guitar Albums of All Time	Time	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
On 28 February 1695, all three groups left their respective bases of operations to conquer the Lacandon. The	The	DET	San	PROPN	 San
In his original description, Peck noted that the gills, when viewed with a hand lens, " appear	appear	VERB	velvety	NOUN	 velvety
The tagline for this episode is " Trust No One ", replacing the usual phrase " The Truth is	is	AUX	Out	ADV	 Out
The primary rotating flow in a tropical cyclone results from the conservation of angular momentum by the secondary circulation.	.	PUNCT	Absolute	ADJ	 Absolute
When the scene was shot, Garland jumped over the horse instead of on it, so the scene had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
Because of Pedro I's bad reputation in Europe, owing to his past behavior, princesses from several nations	nations	NOUN	declined	VERB	 declined
Simpson decided to make the tour risque by adding more backup dancers and wearing skimpier clothing. She took dance	dance	NOUN	lessons	NOUN	 lessons
Critical response to Our World was overall very favorable. Reviews of the premiere episode, however, were somewhat	somewhat	ADV	tepid	ADJ	 tepid
Opinions vary about Hume's fish theories and practices, which influenced state and federal salmon management for many decades	decades	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
" The episode also portrays Republicans as willing to break the law in order to achieve this; in this	this	DET	case	NOUN	 case
The ending was filmed on May 25 and 26. The music and sound was recorded in July and Saw	Saw	VERB	II	PROPN	 II
Đujić requested a written guarantee from Ante Pavelić, leader of the NDH, to afford him and his forces	forces	NOUN	refuge	VERB	 refuge
Third here quotes Völuspá stanzas 38 to 39, with the insertion of original prose stating that the worst place	place	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A French speaking officer replied " De Bordeaux " (" from Bordeaux ") and was then asked what	what	PRON	the	DET	 the
In 1958 he was second in the league in both wins (17) and ERA (2.68);	;	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
In 2000, he was one of the highest paid referees in the NBA, earning over $200,000 a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Seasonings such as salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, or ranch	ranch	VERB	dressing	NOUN	 dressing
The stores have a retro ambience, with wooden tables and stools, Chinese calligraphy of the company name,	,	PUNCT	posters	NOUN	 posters
A 1978 field study conducted around Albany found the honey possum (Tarsipes rostratus) occasionally visited Adenanthos cuneatus,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Earlier, 34 species were observed. In April 2010, the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission performed a survey	survey	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The lemurs are rehabilitated and bred for reintroduction into the wild. The park also collaborates with Colas Madagascar and	and	CCONJ	TOTAL	VERB	 TOTAL
Tegetthoff would remain in port for another three years. The most significant moments of her stay in Pola were	were	AUX	two	NUM	 two
Murasaki Shikibu briefly mentions her friendly relationship with Lady Kokosho and that they join their rooms separating them by kichō	kichō	NOUN	partitions	NOUN	 partitions
Bajana made his debut for Somerset in May 1912, opening the batting for the county against Sussex. He	He	PRON	scored	VERB	 scored
In an attempt to appease them, Michael promises the entire office a surprise and then spends the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A second brick cottage, the " white house " or Bunker 2, was converted some weeks later.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Whilst on another mission in the Delta Flyer in " Nightingale ", Kim takes command of an Kraylor vessel	vessel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is initially convex before flattening out with maturity. The cap skin does not peel away from the flesh	flesh	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition to providing Union troops, Indiana also organized its own volunteer militia, known as the Indiana Legion	Legion	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1994 Folkvord criticised the Labour Government for exporting weapons to Turkey, which at that time was engaged in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
They are supported by the muscles which compose the main part of the trunk. The heart has two chambers	chambers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At this point in his career Hughes was regarded as one of England's finest semi professionals and was called	called	VERB	up	ADP	 up
This shark, known locally as the " Submarine ", had a legendary reputation that was supposedly well founded	founded	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Raeburn was the most significant artist of the period to pursue his entire career in Scotland. He was born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Last of Us: Left Behind was released to critical acclaim. Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating	rating	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As of 2011 the album has sold over nine million copies worldwide, making it one of the most successful	successful	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Thus, after 1 December 1958, when Boganda declared the establishment of the Central African Republic as an autonomous	autonomous	ADJ	member	NOUN	 member
Past this intersection, the route heads through a mix of residences and businesses with some woodland. Route 88	88	NUM	intersects	NOUN	 intersects
Some of Schyman's work from BioShock has been performed by a live orchestra in the Video Games Live international	international	ADJ	concert	NOUN	 concert
East from Portland, the south bank of the Columbia already had a rail line, owned by the Oregon	Oregon	PROPN	Railroad	PROPN	 Railroad
As a result, Raymond remained in Camrose, signing a letter of intent in November 2004 to join the	the	DET	Minnesota	PROPN	 Minnesota
" Much research was put into the visual effects of the explosion. Stock footage of the first beats of	of	ADP	nuclear	ADJ	 nuclear
On May 21, 1980, Skalbania announced that the team would move to Calgary. He chose to retain	retain	VERB	the	DET	 the
Immediately after passing under the Amtrak Susquehanna River Bridge, MD 7 turns west onto Otsego Street. The highway	highway	NOUN	reaches	VERB	 reaches
White may also try to develop more quickly with 11.Bf4 in order to strengthen the threat of e2 e4 e5	e5	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is a highly proteroglyphous snake, with fangs up to 6.5 millimeters (0.26 in) in length located	located	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" Confe $$ions ", " Power Trip ", and " Gravity " were all listed by	by	ADP	as	ADV	 as
Notwithstanding the election of the first Doge, vassalic evidence such as honours and orders received by the doge from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The cause of Mawson and Mertz's illnesses remains in part a mystery. At the time, McLean —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A music video for the single was released June 3, 2011 on the OFWGKTA YouTube channel. It was	was	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
The only one to ever exist and titled Love that God, it highlights Flanders ' dedication to religion and	and	CCONJ	perfect	ADJ	 perfect
However, Joanne escapes with the completed formula, which she gives to Mitchell Loeb (Chance Kelly).	.	PUNCT	Loeb	PROPN	 Loeb
In September 1938, Krueger went to Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, as commander of the 16th Infantry	Infantry	PROPN	Brigade	PROPN	 Brigade
Merv had already gained Test selection, but soon Neil was attracting more attention. In the opening match of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Great Milenko is the fourth Joker's Card in Insane Clown Posse's Dark Carnival concept album series.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
However, the decision was ultimately taken to avoid making a direct sequel, and instead produce a fantasy film	film	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The next match that aired was Hercules (with Bobby Heenan in his corner) against Billy Jack Haynes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Italians came to refer to a range of different castle types as motta, however, and there may	may	AUX	not	PART	 not
, reported two Japanese submarines destroyed. Subsequent evidence does not suggest Chew struck any Japanese submarines. In the	the	DET	chaos	NOUN	 chaos
The American River Division stores water in the American River watershed, to both provide water supply for local settlements	settlements	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In contrast, Small Heath put on " a very indifferent display " in losing 4 – 1 at West	West	PROPN	Bromwich	PROPN	 Bromwich
The band recorded Daybreaker at Outhouse Studios in Reading, Berkshire, where they had previously recorded Ruin (2007	2007	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
After Yggdrasil overtook the development, the development status was changed from the W3C beta builds back to alpha,	,	PUNCT	implying	VERB	 implying
Notwithstanding this speculation, Hewson generally shies away from political comments in the media. Hewson has long advocated for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
In February 2009, France offered Rafales to Oman to replace its ageing fleet of SEPECAT Jaguars. In December	December	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
" Parish also found the music " downright painful ", which he contrasted with the " moody, atmospheric	atmospheric	ADJ	compositions	NOUN	 compositions
In recent years the parish council has become a significant grant funder of local organisations and events. There is	is	VERB	currently	ADV	 currently
The duke violated the purpose of the agreement by using it as a stalling tactic to reinforce the defense of	of	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
The walls were decorated with cornices, moldings, pilasters and at times blind arcades. First the walls were	were	AUX	plastered	VERB	 plastered
The abbot of the new monastery at Dunkeld emerged as the Bishop of the new combined Kingdom of Alba,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The method was originally developed as a cost efficient way to weld steel using GMAW, because this variation uses	uses	VERB	carbon	NOUN	 carbon
Nintendo later released this version via the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U Virtual Console. Yoshi's Island received "	"	PUNCT	instant	ADJ	 instant
The Beyond the Beach shop, located near the park's entrance, sells surf and WhiteWater World branded merchandise	merchandise	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Leonardo da Vinci was buried in the Chapel of Saint Hubert in Château d'Amboise, in France. Some 20	20	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The first of four quarterfinal matches in the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament opened Sacrifice. It pitted James Storm	Storm	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Initial excavations were carried out during ten days in September 2004. It was thought initially that the site was	was	AUX	purely	ADV	 purely
Wilton is a brooding loner who kills a poor girl who loves him because he considers his interests superior to	to	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Steps to organise two further battalions of black Southern Rhodesians were abandoned because of the conviction of the colony's	's	PART	overall	ADJ	 overall
The raising of the British flags on Alexander and Canada was a clear indicator to Nielly that the British were	were	AUX	aware	ADJ	 aware
The station was visited by Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, in 1878. The station saw major works	works	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
They entered the yard of the college where they were shot at by Saari, and forced to retreat.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Reviewers noted that it allowed for simpler control using fewer buttons, but that it occasionally caused the player to	to	PART	perform	VERB	 perform
Under increasing French pressure, the VNQDD leadership switched tack, replacing a strategy of isolated clandestine attacks against individuals	individuals	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He thought that the plot seemed reminiscent of the plot of a Philip K. Dick novel, but thought that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The pair developed a distinctive style, including in their stories characteristic musical numbers and chase scenes. Together they	they	PRON	won	VERB	 won
" She aspired to find a creative role but recognized the difficulties she faced, as she later wrote:	:	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Rorke named her the show's heroine, and wrote that " Izzie is a welcome, calming presence,	,	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
The team used the new heavy ion linear accelerator (HILAC) to bombard a curium target (95%	%	NOUN	244Cm	NUM	 244Cm
Though heavy on theatrics, there was no skimping on the music. " She also commented on Gaga's	's	PART	fashion	NOUN	 fashion
The route has undergone only minor changes since then. The section of US 64 between Webbers Falls and Gore	Gore	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
This route ran within a few miles of the river to Saint Anthony Falls and the community of that name	name	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
These writings, along with Darwin's correspondence via their mutual friend William Yarrell, aided Darwin in the inception	inception	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This game was also the second and final game of B.J. Monteiro's 2 game suspension following allegations of participating	participating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A traffic light that had been malfunctioning after a recent lightning strike may also have contributed. In 2007,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Murphy had a minor supporting role in the successful Hollywood period drama Cold Mountain. He portrayed a deserting soldier	soldier	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The viscous oil is also blended with natural gas liquids to allow it to flow more readily through the pipeline	pipeline	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The four 120 millimeter (4.7 in) guns were also mounted on the upper deck. She may have	have	AUX	exchanged	VERB	 exchanged
Though Zosky was expected to be the starting shortstop earlier in the year, by February Schofield was the leading	leading	VERB	contender	NOUN	 contender
Ingram and Streng argued that the Augustinian theodicy fails to account for the existence of evil before Adam's sin	sin	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The route from Kiel to Hamburg was also chosen to boost the two cities ' joint bid for the 2024	2024	NUM	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
In the same year, more than 100,000 were employed in public administration, defence and compulsory social insurance sector	sector	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
Her professional women's side went on to win the league championship under her leadership. The lack of high	high	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
" Katherine St. Asaph for Popdust described the song's percussion as " huge. " The song samples the	the	DET	melody	NOUN	 melody
With the treaty of 904, all Slavic inhabited lands in modern southern Macedonia and southern Albania were ceded to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
To comply with Congo law the company had to pay the villagers for bringing them rubber, these payments were	were	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Cooperation leads to altruistic behaviour, and costly signalling could explain this. All religions may involve costly and elaborate	elaborate	ADJ	rituals	NOUN	 rituals
In the 1970s comparisons between phoronid larvae and the cyphonautes larva of some gymnolaete bryozoans produced suggestions that the bryozoans	bryozoans	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pohle survived, but the action claimed the lives of his three crew members. Seventeen year old Gefreiter August	August	PROPN	Schleicher	PROPN	 Schleicher
The Lesser Antillean macaw is well documented compared to most other extinct Caribbean macaws, since it was mentioned and	and	CCONJ	described	VERB	 described
He was introduced by executive producer Phil Redmond as part of the Osborne family, and played by Adam Booth	Booth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, it is now possible to use this genomic data to reconstruct complete networks of biochemical reactions and produce	produce	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
In 2008, it was suggested that the silky sifaka may be sympatric with the red ruffed lemur (Varecia	Varecia	PROPN	rubra	VERB	 rubra
The system had a broad circulation amid an environment favorable for tropical cyclogenesis, including low to moderate wind shear	shear	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The center received $800,000 from Commonwealth Edison for the naming rights to the theatre for ten years before the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
" Smells Like Teen Spirit " was re released as a limited edition 7 inch vinyl single in December 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In preparing for their roles, Hasiholan exercised slicing and dicing fish, while Rahadian went to Ancol in North	North	PROPN	Jakarta	PROPN	 Jakarta
Stephen ordered his men to dismount and soon after they launched their attack and made battle until dawn. Descriptions	Descriptions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Blues made their major league debut on April 24, 1901, with an 8 – 2 loss to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The beginning of the 19th century saw a rapid increase in the industrial preparation and packaging of foods. The	The	DET	drastic	ADJ	 drastic
Other staff were accommodated at 80 Pall Mall. COSSAC was charged with planning three operations: Operation Cockade,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
When Fern moved inland, the National Weather Service issued 21 tornado warnings and numerous flood warnings. In North	North	PROPN	Beach	PROPN	 Beach
Hersey later recalled that the notice did not bring in many usable manuscripts: " As a result of the	the	DET	notices	NOUN	 notices
" As of 2010, the CCAF has three staff attorneys, including Frank. The CCAF has distanced itself	itself	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Country wide; however, the highest total was recorded in Petacalco and La Union, with 21.8 in (	(	PUNCT	550	NUM	550
The plan is in place. I'm looking forward to working with a group that thinks along the same	same	ADJ	lines	NOUN	 lines
It is ectomycorrhizally associated with several tree species and is symbiotic with them. In Europe, these include hardwood	hardwood	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Fakin ' It " was issued as a single that summer and found only modest success on AM radio	radio	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Between the terraces is a broad open area. Numbers 1 — 32 are the western row, 33 —	—	PUNCT	64	NUM	 64
Tubb, who sold many popular stories to Hamilton, comments that " Authors wrote for Nebula with financial reward	reward	NOUN	taking	VERB	 taking
The Air Force tracks a larger UFO as it hovers over Townsend. The invisible alien enters Max's trailer	trailer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The coins were, for the most part, sold to the public by numismatic promoter Farran Zerbe, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Coleman later explained the process of making the digital Yoda like the puppet version, by saying, " When	When	SCONJ	Frank	PROPN	 Frank
Norton's funeral on Sunday, January 10, was solemn, mournful, and large. Paying their respects	respects	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
With the exception of zero ranked cards which are more expensive in terms of Card Points (CP) compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Cave 22 Cave 22 adjoins cave 21 on the left and it was also a dwelling unit with a bench	bench	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" Black & Blue " is a blue eyed soul and electronica piano piece. According to sheet music published	published	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In 2008 he hosted the International Association of Prosecutors Conference in Singapore. He also assisted in the setting up	up	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Biblical scenes and figures depicted in the Church of the Holy Mother of God include the worshiping of the Christ	Christ	PROPN	child	NOUN	 child
Glass, who was Jewish, was most agreeable to this, but wondered what to do if his turn	turn	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
As of 2011, the world's two largest working supertankers are the TI class supertankers TI Europe and TI	TI	PROPN	Oceania	PROPN	 Oceania
The room, with the adjoining Billiards Room, is the only reception room at Waddesdon Manor to follow the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
It was the first full length book to bear Cranmer ’ s name on the title page. The preface	preface	NOUN	summarises	VERB	 summarises
The Germans had instead used her as a target ship and the Allies had damaged her during an air attack	attack	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Gerp's mouse lemur is significantly larger, weighing on average 68 gram (2.4 oz), compared to	to	ADP	Goodman	PROPN	 Goodman
Prinz Eugen arrived safely at Brest, France on 1 June 1941. No direct witnesses to this difference of	of	ADP	opinion	NOUN	 opinion
Due to strong digital sales from the release of Animal, the song charted in the United States, the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
With £10 million in advance ticket sales, the £4 million production opened at the London Palladium on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
(Blackfeet), descendants of the logo designer, and the six others are members of various tribes and	and	CCONJ	state	NOUN	 state
The military commander General Maxime Weygand visited the airfield on 21 May, and ordered 516 GAO to prepare to	to	PART	evacuate	VERB	 evacuate
The television commercial for Heat was directed by Jake Nava, who previously directed Beyoncé's videos for her singles	singles	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Pit stops took place during the caution, with Carpentier, Bräck, and Andretti still in the top three	three	NUM	positions	NOUN	 positions
" Isis releases have always had a thematic basis; as Andrew Rennie dissects, " Isis's four previous	previous	ADJ	full	ADJ	 full
The amount of radioactive exposure received during a one hour visit to the site is about half of the total	total	ADJ	radiation	NOUN	 radiation
Ximena (Tragedy, 28 November 1712) Venus and Adonis (Masque, 12 March 1715) Myrtillo (	(	PUNCT	Pastoral	PROPN	Pastoral
Barfi! earned ₹ 150 million (US $2.2 million) in its second weekend. Barfi! had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
It was written by Jonathan " J.R. " Rotem, E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb, with production was	was	AUX	handled	VERB	 handled
After staying past his initial ten day reservation, he was asked to leave in December so that the resort	resort	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
The priests catch the snake and prepare to kill her, but are stopped by the goddess Kwan I m	m	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, most teachers can not identify the students in their classes who have been personally affected by the	the	DET	epidemic	NOUN	 epidemic
The station is on the District line and is the penultimate station on the eastern extremity of that line.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At SummerSlam 1992 in August, The Undertaker defeated Kamala. Harvey Wippleman, Kamala's manager wanted revenge,	,	PUNCT	so	SCONJ	 so
Whilst aircraft contribute to the problem the study states that " … cars, buses and taxis ferrying passengers to	to	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
He declines, and tells her they'll be " Friends Forever. " Ms. Miller interrupts them, afraid	afraid	ADJ	about	ADP	 about
Partway through the voyage, the ship struck an iceberg and sank in the early morning of 15 April 1912	1912	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
North of Lough Derg, the River Shannon has a very shallow gradient and regularly floods parts of the surrounding	surrounding	VERB	countryside	NOUN	 countryside
The Cambridge Agreement, which enabled the emigrating shareholders to buy out those that remained behind, may have been	been	AUX	written	VERB	 written
At 1125 the requested airstrike came in; American aircraft rocketed the T 34s to no effect while strafing the	the	DET	Korean	ADJ	 Korean
The military were opposed to reorganisation, including an increase in regional autonomy granted by the central government, and	and	CCONJ	reforms	NOUN	 reforms
Most of these guns were placed on the broadside, but two of the 164 mm guns were mounted in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
With 72 points over 45 games in 1995 – 96, Morrison received his first of back to back CCHA	CCHA	PROPN	Player	PROPN	 Player
Bell enrolled at Southern University in 2009. In 2011, Bell played in two games with the Southern Jaguars	Jaguars	PROPN	football	NOUN	 football
In October 1875, Wanderers travelled to Scotland for the first time, to play a match against the leading	leading	VERB	team	NOUN	 team
Those three... designed the manner and style in which New York artists would address what Snoop and Dre had	had	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle remarked that the film was " a rare reminder from movies that the	the	DET	grand	ADJ	 grand
On average, a plane would land or take off every two minutes. The situation was further complicated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
) Almond asked the legislature to repeal all aspects of the Stanley plan which had been overturned by the courts	courts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The current dome is a 1977 renovation in thin reinforced concrete. The largest centrally planned Early Christian church,	,	PUNCT	Milan	PROPN	 Milan
Although Chemical was the acquiring company and the nominal survivor, the merged bank adopted the Chase name, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Polish organizations were banned, and the Czechoslovak authorities carried out many arrests and dismissed many Poles from work.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Such areas are identified by local authorities according to criteria defined by Sections 69 and 70 of the Planning (	(	PUNCT	Listed	PROPN	Listed
More than 3,000 square kilometres (1,200 sq mi) of crops, mostly rice, were damaged or washed	washed	VERB	away	ADP	 away
The Wardeux family was that of Edward Dalyngrigge's wife; the Radyndens were relations of the Dalyngrigges. Above	Above	ADP	the	DET	 the
He finished the series with 198 runs at 28.28, and ended the season with 1,254 first class runs at	at	ADP	32.15	NUM	 32.15
The commission recommended a steel cantilever bridge designed by Fowler and Benjamin Baker, which was constructed between 1883 and	and	CCONJ	1890	NUM	 1890
Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong; Tommy Koh, Ambassador at Large; and Justice Chao Hick Tin, then	then	ADV	Attorney	PROPN	 Attorney
Favourable macroeconomic performance has been a necessary but not sufficient condition for the significant reduction of poverty amongst the Indian	Indian	ADJ	population	NOUN	 population
In addition, Congress has designated specific sections of the Crooked, Deschutes, Donner und Blitzen, Malheur,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Throughout the match, all five men gained an advantage over one another at one or more spots. One	One	NUM	spot	NOUN	 spot
During the 1986 presidential elections, Ople served as a political campaign manager of President Marcos, who was running	running	VERB	against	ADP	 against
These include the horned viper of Africa and the sidewinder of North America, evolutionarily distinct but with similar behavioural	behavioural	ADJ	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
The church is also used once a month by the British Orthodox Church. The church is recorded in the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
All of the major state rooms have symmetrical walls, even where this involves matching real with false doors.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Later in 1902, May once again moved, this time further west to the town of Edmonton, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Seven plays later, Alabama took a 21 – 0 lead when Christion Jones caught a 22 yard McCarron touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	pass	NOUN	 pass
The generating capacity of the power station at Neasden was increased to approximately 35 MW and on 5 January 1925	1925	NUM	electric	ADJ	 electric
According to Wavell, " an assault on a portion of the Gaza defences was to be made by the	the	DET	XXI	PROPN	 XXI
Each lineage of B cell expresses a different antibody, so the complete set of B cell antigen receptors represent	represent	VERB	all	DET	 all
On 8 March, the Dutch surrendered, ordering all men to lay down their arms. With supplies running	running	VERB	low	ADJ	 low
The critical masses of two other readily available isotopes, 241Am and 243Am, are relatively high – 57.6 to	to	PART	75.6	NUM	 75.6
William Bennet (d. 1826) John Hodgkinson Benjamin Outram (1764 – 1805) John Rennie (1761 –	–	PUNCT	1821	NUM	 1821
On September 8, 2013, the cane toad was also discovered on the island of New Providence in the	the	DET	Bahamas	PROPN	 Bahamas
The amount of music that needed remixing was very large, consisting of over 100 tracks. The majority of	of	ADP	remixing	VERB	 remixing
Until July 1880, he was still making appearances in Parliament to deliver speeches, but after that date he	he	PRON	no	ADV	 no
The first part of the book covered the major scientific and technical advances of the century; the second part	part	NOUN	covered	VERB	 covered
Accordingly, with a small quantity of " nicks ", a shopper could make purchases with exact change,	,	PUNCT	without	ADP	 without
Covici suggested a 15 – 20% share of the royalties as a recompense; but Ed Jr., knowing	knowing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In Sonora, Mexico, eagles have been observed nesting on top of Hecho catcuses (Pachycereus pectinaboriginum).	.	PUNCT	Nests	NOUN	 Nests
The first was Merseybeat, which ran from 2001 but was cancelled in 2004 due to poor ratings and problems	problems	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" There is some evidence that Terminus ' associations could extend from property boundaries to limits more generally. Under	Under	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition, if the motion was a senatus consultum, a capital letter " C " was stamped on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The American subspecies B. g. pallidiceps has more colouring on the cheeks and forehead than the nominate form and is	is	AUX	otherwise	ADV	 otherwise
I... want to see these treasures kept here so local people and schoolchildren can view them as part of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
It was playable at the company's E3 booth. European and Australian releases were announced on later dates.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Historically the Barnard Run was a seven mile course which began at Towler Hill Farm, ran to Cotherstone suspension	suspension	NOUN	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
Pascal was given a third opportunity to film Shaw's work with Caesar and Cleopatra (1945). It	It	PRON	cost	VERB	 cost
New Horizons observations showed that atmospheric escape of nitrogen to be 10,000 times less than expected. Alan Stern has	has	AUX	contended	VERB	 contended
On May 29, 2012, U.S. President Barack Obama awarded Dylan a Presidential Medal of Freedom in the White	White	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
The Basques suffered most from the lack of a suitable air force. On 26 April, the Condor Legion	Legion	PROPN	bombed	VERB	 bombed
It was built on a wealthy former Anglo Saxon estate by Bishop Odo of Bayeux following the Norman conquest of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The governments of Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela met in Baghdad to discuss ways to	to	PART	increase	VERB	 increase
In 2004, following the death of Brian Clough, Robson briefly stood in for Clough as a columnist at	at	ADP	FourFourTwo	PROPN	 FourFourTwo
" In Gallup polls of January 1954, 50% of those polled had a positive opinion of McCarthy.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Barcelona, also of La Liga, entered the tournament in the last 32 against a Segunda División B club	club	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the 2008 state budget, the government announced that it would extend the tram line further. The first	first	ADJ	extension	NOUN	 extension
At some point during the first wave of assaults, Cobb moved into close supporting position behind Armistead. Barksdale	Barksdale	PROPN	's	PART	's
Bowring writes it was " almost subversive " that Murasaki knew Chinese and taught the language to Shōshi. Murasaki	Murasaki	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1961, with its first location in Skokie, Illinois, Burger King Corporation and its franchises began opening	opening	VERB	stores	NOUN	 stores
In 1887, four clubs from Montreal formed the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) and developed a	a	DET	structured	ADJ	 structured
In Leavitt's words, " A straight line can be readily drawn among each of the two series of	of	ADP	points	NOUN	 points
With Japanese aircraft engaged with TF 18, the Allied transports completed their mission of replacing the remaining Marines on	on	ADP	Guadalcanal	PROPN	 Guadalcanal
On November 13, as Princeton clung to hopes of at least a share of the Ivy League title,	,	PUNCT	Elias	PROPN	 Elias
Winslet's segment, titled The Catch, was directed by Peter Farrelly and revolves around a single businesswoman who	who	PRON	goes	VERB	 goes
In the First Test at the Gabba, Lindwall removed Vinoo Mankad and Gul Mohammad in the first over on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The storm resumed its west northwestward motion on August 13. Colder air in the region caused Diane to weaken	weaken	VERB	while	SCONJ	 while
Mack believes that this event was a turning point for Chloe's maturity; it is the moment that she	she	PRON	realizes	VERB	 realizes
Having dealt with the French naval threat, Rooke left as many men, guns and supplies at Gibraltar as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule said of Flanagan's quarter, " a die designer could do little wrong in having	having	VERB	Houdon	PROPN	 Houdon
Examples from this initial print run have become quite valuable, selling for as much as US $33,460 in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
By 1600, it was in the library of Lord Lumley and by 1621 the manuscript was in the possession	possession	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
International regulations require that the captain and terminal master agree on a detailed plan before operations begin. Deck officers	officers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In one of his works he argued that Greek philosophy had its origin among non Greeks, claiming that both	both	CCONJ	Plato	PROPN	 Plato
Howlin ' Wolf recorded " The Red Rooster " in Chicago in June 1961. The song is performed as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
They were otherwise generally similar to the Northampton class, with an extended forecastle to improve sea keeping abilities.	.	PUNCT	Their	PRON	 Their
A large, sprawling system, little development was initially expected to take place as the storm moved towards the	the	DET	southwest	NOUN	 southwest
Although there is conflicting information regarding the recording date, " Call It Stormy Monday (But Tuesday Is Just	Just	ADV	as	ADV	 as
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band was released on 1 June 1967, with " Within You Without	Without	ADP	You	PRON	 You
They can be used to drive the king into the open, away from its defenders, while they prevent	prevent	VERB	the	DET	 the
As of 2014, the winning time of 22 minutes 50 seconds is the slowest time in the history of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fierce fighting on Okinawa is said to have played a part in President Truman ’ s decision to use	use	VERB	the	DET	 the
Producer Jim Stewart had the idea to produce a duet album with Otis Redding and Carla Thomas, as he	he	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
In central and western regions, Australian ravens and Torresian crows vye for the scattered uncommon trees and outcrops,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Anton's brother, Victor (James Marsters) calls McGarrett to announce he is holding his father, John	John	PROPN	McGarrett	PROPN	 McGarrett
Adiabatic cooling occurs when air rises and expands. The air can rise due to convection, large scale atmospheric	atmospheric	ADJ	motions	NOUN	 motions
Reloading was executed in 3 – 4 minutes, although the standard procedure was to switch to a new position	position	NOUN	some	PRON	 some
” In addition, they were considering changing the line " one for the little boy who lives down the	the	DET	lane	NOUN	 lane
Before the restoration work was undertaken surveys revealed that the mill was used as a roost for long eared and	and	CCONJ	lesser	ADJ	 lesser
The Theban Necropolis was later an important site for mortuary temples and mastaba tombs. The Kushite kings who conquered	conquered	VERB	Egypt	PROPN	 Egypt
Traveling southeast, SR 22 passes through more farmland, passing the small census designated place of Satus and an	an	DET	interchange	NOUN	 interchange
One delegate at the Maryland state party convention had even called Mathias " liberal swine " for his record.	.	PUNCT	Additionally	ADV	 Additionally
Commenting on the series Vincent noted: We're not doing stories about a fouled up hospital. These things	things	NOUN	really	ADV	 really
Vigilante activities continued, although somewhat sporadically, through the Montana Territorial period until the territory became the state of	of	ADP	Montana	PROPN	 Montana
This event was also mentioned in the Wehrmachtbericht, a propaganda radio report, on 25 October 1941. Fearing	Fearing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The centennial was reportedly the first of any Lutheran congregation in the southern United States. The wrought iron fence	fence	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Cần, who unofficially controlled the region of central Vietnam near Huế, was impressed by what he considered to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Notable topics of praise included its detailed graphics, new character design for Fox, dynamic environments and The Legend	Legend	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Minister for Home Affairs, King O'Malley, who was responsible for the legislation creating the ACT, also	also	ADV	introduced	VERB	 introduced
During World War I, she was known as USAT El Sol in service with the United States Army and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
The result of this pathfinding process is that the growth cone navigates through the brain until it reaches its destination	destination	NOUN	area	NOUN	 area
From July 16 – 24, 2009, NASA streamed the original mission audio on its website in real time	time	NOUN	40	NUM	 40
At Gardner's commutation hearing on June 10, 2010, lawyers and medical experts in his defense argued whether	whether	SCONJ	meningitis	PROPN	 meningitis
The scheduling drew criticism both when it was enacted and after the fact, with some analysts even positing that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1466, Stephen regained Khotyn from Poland in a diplomatic victory, but in the same year, Corvinus	Corvinus	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Amatoxins content (alpha amanitin and beta amanitins especially alpha amanitin) in the cap, stem or volva of	of	ADP	A.	NOUN	 A.
By the first chorus, several scenes use different transition effects while Suzuki sings in different circles. The second	second	ADJ	verse	NOUN	 verse
Salvin was succeeded in the work by John Taylor. When a feature did not meet his expectations of medieval	medieval	ADJ	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
It can also be found inside submarine canyons, close to the walls. It prefers areas with a muddy	muddy	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Thus, they sought a simple but elegant monument. Several sites were considered, including Cawsand Beacon on Dartmoor	Dartmoor	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This inspired the idea of Homer's club. Also, the " crossed fishing pole and rifle " insignia	insignia	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
No sightings have been reported of this species since the 1950s. Depending on their location, green tree frogs	frogs	NOUN	occupy	VERB	 occupy
A spokesperson for the national broadcaster said that the results were misleading because people who enjoyed the show typically do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
The cap surface is slimy to sticky, smooth, not zonate. It is scarlet when young, but	but	CCONJ	becomes	VERB	 becomes
Ragnall is the only member of the meic Somairle known to have styled himself in documents rex insularum. His	His	PRON	use	NOUN	 use
It was published by C.A. Reitzel in Copenhagen as Sneemanden on 2 March 1861. Andersen biographer Jackie Wullschlager describes	describes	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 31 July 1916, British Prime Minister H. H. Asquith issued a statement in the House of Commons.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
They had to pay $50,000 to put someone in the window from which Oswald was supposed to have shot	shot	VERB	Kennedy	PROPN	 Kennedy
Business flourished in precious stones such as diamonds, lapis lazuli, onyx, topaz, carbuncles and emeralds.	.	PUNCT	Commonly	ADV	 Commonly
Locally quarried dark igneous andesite and granite were mainly used, although sandstone was brought in from the east for	for	ADP	higher	ADJ	 higher
" Rose's game against the Oak Hill team with Brandon Jennings, Nolan Smith and Alex Legion on ESPN	ESPN	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Harrison began demonstrating various major seventh, diminished and augmented chord shapes – " all these funny chords people showed	showed	VERB	me	PRON	 me
As they move down the street, a reverse time lapse style sequence transforms their clothes to match a rapidly	rapidly	ADV	changing	VERB	 changing
In February 2012, IndiGo took delivery of its 50th aircraft, less than six years after it began operations	operations	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
She was helped by her father, who was able to secure a more lucrative position again. All that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
A government report launched in 1970, suggested surveys for five locations: Gardermoen, Hurum, Askim, Nesodden	Nesodden	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hamilton also refused the hairspring set of dueling pistols (that would make the pulling of the trigger lighter)	)	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
It peaked in the United States at number fifty three. The accompanying music video features Brown and American R	R	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
He was re elected in 1984 and 1990, left the Senate in 1997, and was an unsuccessful candidate	candidate	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The German destroyers reached the Ofotfjord on the morning of 9 April and Commodore Friedrich Bonte took his flagship Wilhelm	Wilhelm	PROPN	Heidkamp	PROPN	 Heidkamp
The two surviving ships had an uneventful time for the rest of the war conducting patrols of the North Sea	Sea	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
カプコン 2 ニュー エイジ オブ ヒーローズ, Hepburn: Māvuru bāsasu Kapukon Tū: Nyū Eiji obu Hīrōzu) is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Kota Kinabalu is often known as KK both in Malaysia and internationally. It is a major tourist destination and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The following day he earned his first Ivy League Rookie of the Week recognition. On January 29, 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Game journalists believe the price is justified given the estimated 100 hour playtime Blow has stated, as well as	as	ADP	comparing	VERB	 comparing
" Writing for Metro Weekly, Doug Rule called the song an " instant classic " and referred it to	to	ADP	as	ADP	 as
After slaughtering the Helvetii tribe, Caesar prosecuted a " long, bitter and costly " campaign against other tribes	tribes	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
The two Ferrari drivers used different pedal layouts in the 412T2 chassis: Berger's car was equipped with two	two	NUM	pedals	NOUN	 pedals
Odense's City Hall (Odense Rådhus), with its medieval Italian look, was designed by Johan Daniel	Daniel	PROPN	Herholdt	PROPN	 Herholdt
John de Clavering died in 1332 and his widow in 1345, at which point the family's estates became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
It won five awards at E3 that year. Early in Doom 3's development, Trent Reznor of the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Prinz Eugen was a broadside ironclad, and she was armed with a main battery of sixteen 48 pounder muzzle	muzzle	NOUN	loading	NOUN	 loading
The Director of the Manhattan Project, Brigadier General Leslie R. Groves, Jr., told them that time was	was	AUX	more	ADV	 more
The other crucial area of investigation is the hydrodynamics of the plasma that makes up the dying star; how	how	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
From 1998 to 2000, its annual revenue grew 280 percent and by 2000 almost sixty percent of revenues were	were	AUX	international	ADJ	 international
Its youth programs are modeled after those of the Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership in Virginia. The Public Advisory	Advisory	PROPN	Board	PROPN	 Board
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 7, 1993, and has since	since	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Ornina, the singer of Ishtar temple, was one of the oldest multi talented women who has a prominent	prominent	ADJ	statue	NOUN	 statue
The initial Project Daedalus model sparked further theoretical research. In 1980, Robert Freitas suggested a more ambitious plan	plan	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Small and probably significant rock avalanches may result and could dam the nearby Squamish River for a limited amount of	of	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
The only form of sexual dimorphism exhibited by the collared brown lemur is dichromatism. The following table illustrates the	the	DET	coloration	NOUN	 coloration
British television veteran Marc Warren agreed to work in the film because he always wanted to be in a Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	blockbuster	NOUN	 blockbuster
The hanukiah had previously been featured and lit at the 2010 White House Hanukkah Party. Topolosky and his family	family	NOUN	left	VERB	 left
Murphy was with the 1st Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment during the 27 – 28 August offensive at Montélimar that	that	PRON	secured	VERB	 secured
Rhimes used a " blind casting " technique, which resulted in several roles going to actors of different racial	racial	ADJ	backgrounds	NOUN	 backgrounds
The Kingdom of Polonnaruwa ended in 1215 with an invasion from South India. The Polonnaruwa Vatadage appears to have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The album version features " brittle hits, blips and a buzz saw break ", which many critics considered	considered	VERB	reminiscent	ADJ	 reminiscent
Separately, Davis asked Governor Beshear to free her. The governor's office said that the conflict was a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Brown referred to the alternative version of her character as " Meana " due to her seemingly " mean "	"	PUNCT	personality	NOUN	 personality
Another major infusion of Arabian horses into Europe occurred when the Ottoman Turks sent 300,000 horsemen into Hungary in 1522	1522	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
By the end of May 2015, the song was Video of the week on the Food Consumer website.	.	PUNCT	Nelson	PROPN	 Nelson
Ju 87 A 2: Production version fitted with an improved 680 PS (500 kW or 670 hp)	)	PUNCT	Jumo	PROPN	 Jumo
At 2: 00 pm she went up into the studio. Morrissey told her again that Warhol was not	not	PART	coming	VERB	 coming
In Silcott's case, according to the scientist who conducted the ESDA test, Robert Radley, the notes	notes	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The second vehicle, the Ausf. F, was as different from the Ausf. C as it was	was	AUX	from	ADP	 from
I know I had a problem with being told what to do, and had a problem with being mentally	mentally	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Countless trees were uprooted along the Mississippi, and crop damage continued its prevalence going further north. Natchez saw	saw	VERB	the	DET	 the
The remainder of the 2008 – 09 season saw him only add two more goals, against Macclesfield Town and	and	CCONJ	Darlington	PROPN	 Darlington
Dead Head Fred was designed specifically for the PSP, and Vicious Cycle intended it to be their " flagship	flagship	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Of the brothers, John in particular had scholarly and artistic leanings. He was the dedicatee of Walter Haddon	Haddon	PROPN	's	PART	's
Japan search from September 17 to September 23. Nice Boat had become so well known that it was used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In light of the Trojans close victory, USC dropped in both major polls, falling to No. 13	13	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The failure to take Port Moresby in May 1942 would have significant and far reaching strategic implications, many of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Later that night an Indonesian radio broadcast announced that 23 Indonesian military personnel had been accidentally killed during a training	training	NOUN	exercise	NOUN	 exercise
Heemsbergen added that " Ormond shows reverence for Sakimoto's original material while exploring musical ideas in a style all	all	DET	his	PRON	 his
He takes refuge for two months in the nearby Nizamuddin Dargah, singing qawwalis and finally to Khatana's place	place	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Instead we brought death and destruction for which you have never blamed us. This stone marks our admiration for	for	ADP	your	PRON	 your
Moreover, the Polish schools are closed during at least five months out of the ten months of the school	school	NOUN	year	NOUN	 year
It was an indication of the importance of the research station that the government and fruit producers were prepared to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
The player's mission is to fly an attack helicopter from an offshore aircraft carrier and retrieve the captives by	by	ADP	landing	VERB	 landing
His life was saved by the illness and death of the king, as a result of an infection or	or	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
In 1954 he wanted to interview the French prime minister, Pierre Mendès France, and approached the novelist François	François	PROPN	Mauriac	PROPN	 Mauriac
The schooner suffered considerable damage and three men drowned. The next day, further north, the barque Acacia	Acacia	PROPN	fell	VERB	 fell
In wartime, a Vulcan would leave visual identification of potential targets to Buccaneers or Canberras, and could coordinate	coordinate	VERB	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
Pauline Kael believed that Streep had been miscast. Streep next played opposite Robert De Niro in the romance Falling	Falling	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Jonah also converted to Islam. With no time to make a coordinated plan of attack for the whole army	army	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other possible titles included Fear of Women and Cruise Down Main Street, the latter a reference to the Rolling	Rolling	PROPN	Stones	PROPN	 Stones
Jackson, the first son and third child of Alexander and Margaret Jackson, was born in 1909 at Rutherglen	Rutherglen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The group's closest relatives are the slender lorises of southern India and Sri Lanka. Their next closest relatives	relatives	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The planetary spheres were arranged outwards from the spherical, stationary Earth at the centre of the universe in this	this	DET	order	NOUN	 order
Though the banditti continued to plague areas of northern Illinois, they were largely eradicated from Ogle County, following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
They found her at the kill just after dawn with her three 14 month old cubs and they watched uninterrupted	uninterrupted	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
To the east, in northern Wyoming and Montana, the Continental Divide separates the Columbia watershed from the Mississippi	Mississippi	PROPN	Missouri	PROPN	 Missouri
Thome hit 47 home runs in his first season with the Phillies, finishing one behind Mike Schmidt's single	single	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Agnes appears to have been motivated by a desire for the wealth that would follow her second marriage to Sir	Sir	PROPN	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
Recent versions tend to take the following form: The rhyme is a single stanza in trochaic metre, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
However, Usher says that she must deal with it before she can accept the truth. For the lines	lines	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Galileo's theoretical and experimental work on the motions of bodies, along with the largely independent work of Kepler	Kepler	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
McLelland characterizes Barazoku as containing " some well crafted stories which might be better described as erotic rather than pornographic	pornographic	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Neglect of Burger King by new owner Grand Met and its successor Diageo, further hurt the standing of the	the	DET	brand	NOUN	 brand
" Cory Edwards wrote into the magazine, expressing his similar sentiments and writing, " As the writer director	director	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She said, " I have buried my angel and with him my happiness. " Surviving letters between Alexandra	Alexandra	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Pilcher disapproved of his sister in law, particularly after her marriage to John MacBride, and relations were frequently	frequently	ADV	strained	VERB	 strained
The building still features the school's name above the door. The present building on Queen Victoria Street was	was	AUX	designed	VERB	 designed
Đurić recalls: " My father fought in this war, my brother for almost five years and my mother	mother	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At one point, Tom describes the nicknames he has for various foods, and describes sandwiches as " sammies	sammies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This scene was a reference to the character of Lolita in Stanley Kubrick's 1962 film of the same name	name	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After splitting the rest of the war between voyages to North America and Africa, Empire Simba was loaded with	with	ADP	chemical	ADJ	 chemical
The Escape Orbit (1964; title Open Prison in the UK), which was short listed for a	a	DET	Nebula	PROPN	 Nebula
By the end of the 1990s and into the early 2000s pop music consisted mostly of a combination of pop	pop	NOUN	hip	NOUN	 hip
Each colossus has areas covered with fur or protruding ledges, which Wander may use to grip and scale the	the	DET	colossus	NOUN	 colossus
He would rather live in exile with his principles intact than continue to reign as a limited monarch. "	"	PUNCT	Tim	PROPN	 Tim
She was ordered in May 1938 as part of Germany's naval rearmament program. Her keel was laid down	down	ADP	in	ADP	 in
In the United Kingdom, Celebration debuted at number one, selling 77,000 copies in the first week. It	It	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Only the Beach Boys were able to sustain a creative career into the mid 1960s, producing a string of	of	ADP	hit	VERB	 hit
Donaghy was released on a $250,000 bond and awaited sentencing on January 25, 2008. On June 19	19	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, it did not take long for Fàbregas to become one of the most coveted and celebrated young talents	talents	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On the facts of the case, the Court found that Article 9 had not been infringed by the prosecution	prosecution	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Floods in some areas reached 16 m (52 ft) deep. Where Gretelle made landfall, most buildings	buildings	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
This complexity shut out casual players, and the market for fighting games became smaller and more specialized. Furthermore	Furthermore	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
She may also be depicted holding a child sitting on her lap, like Matrikas are often depicted. Matsya	Matsya	PROPN	Varahi	PROPN	 Varahi
The national average for the 2006 elections was 66.6%. Similar trends can be seen from previous elections.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After slightly weakening, Mekkhala tracked northwestward and made landfall over Dolores, Eastern Samar of the Philippines at around	around	ADP	15	NUM	 15
The female has a single functional ovary (on the right) and two functional uteruses, divided into separate	separate	ADJ	compartments	NOUN	 compartments
Over the period of one week, both sides fired over 8,000 rounds of artillery shells on Hill 224,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These skulls were likely those of Camarasaurus, the only other sauropod for which good skull material was known at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both the Gratiot and Cerre families intermarried with the Chouteau family to create a Creole dominated society in the 1780s	1780s	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
While in prison, Malcolm X became a member of the Nation of Islam, and after his parole in	in	ADP	1952	NUM	 1952
Through the first month of the season, Seerey had six home runs, but his performance worsened as the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
I don't see the connection. [...] I had lunch with Billy years ago in Hollywood...	...	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The book borrowed formalism's concepts of an aesthetic function and dominance of different elements of language. Unlike Russian	Russian	ADJ	formalism	NOUN	 formalism
Elias Leight of the PopMatters website wrote that a recurring theme in the album — also represented in " You	You	PRON	're	AUX	're
Yet, this highly attuned sensibility separates the classes along emotional lines: only the middle class Mary is able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Fighting between the Picts, led by Óengus's son Bridei, and the Dál Riata, led by Talorgan	Talorgan	PROPN	mac	PROPN	 mac
Consequently, the student body dedicated an area in front of Boland Hall to those that suffered from the fire	fire	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
To the north – north – east, 6 miles (9.7 km) away on the southern edge of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The episode was also featured in similar lists by the Los Angeles Times, TV Guide, National Post,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, the film was not released on December 19 because an advertisement in Moving Picture World in January 1911	1911	NUM	said	VERB	 said
It once occupied a strategic location at the north western end of the Wantsum Channel, a sea lane that	that	PRON	separated	VERB	 separated
Amy, holding a gun at her, demands River explain what she said to the Doctor, and so	so	ADV	River	PROPN	 River
This leads some scholars to believe there was a proto Slavic divinity or demon called Baba, associated with bad	bad	ADJ	weather	NOUN	 weather
Saavedra and Funes did not like him, but with the social commotion generated by Alberti's death, they	they	PRON	avoided	VERB	 avoided
Horsfield made his Albion debut in a 1 – 0 defeat away to Coventry City on 20 December 2003.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In particular, a different type of rock had been struck, and 60 tonnes (59 long tons;	;	PUNCT	66	NUM	 66
She said, " She pretended she was a man so no other man could touch her ". Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1873 a large wooden addition was built north of the stone house, which became a hotel known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The score marked Michigan's fourth touchdown in four drives as Michigan scored 28 unanswered points after UMass took the	the	DET	17	NUM	 17
Evaluation of the strategic results is likewise disputed. The blockade was maintained, even strengthened, and Virginia was	was	AUX	bottled	VERB	 bottled
Caius is seen after Bhunivelze's defeat, where he explains that the Yeuls intend to become the new goddess	goddess	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Due to this system of presidency Swiss leaders, like those of the EU, are relatively unknown with national	national	ADJ	politics	NOUN	 politics
For the density to remain constant, new particles of matter must be continually formed in the volume from space	space	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, Forbes magazine described how many of the KFC outlets were " aged and uninviting ", and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
One member of the regiment died during operations in the Solomon Islands. The regiment had only a minor role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1391, the Sanković brothers, at that time the rulers of Konavle, gave to the Republic of	of	ADP	Rag	PROPN	 Rag
Clive Hughes wrote " regulars professed disgust at the blatantly political character " of the division. While the division	division	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The colonia was evacuated in 274 by the Romans. There are no references to urban settlement on the site	site	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
These four overlap with the jurisdiction of the State of Oregon, which owns the natural area. Watersheds that	that	PRON	border	VERB	 border
One shell from Knyaz Suvorov struck the destroyer Asagiri, but did not inflict much damage. Around 17:	:	SYM	30	NUM	 30
The question in the 1980 referendum, in an attempt to build a broad coalition, had sought only the	the	DET	authority	NOUN	 authority
To prevent that threat from coming to pass, Brig. Gen. John G. Barnard, chief engineer of the	the	DET	defenses	NOUN	 defenses
Throughout his career, Ward displayed in his work the influence of his father's interest in social injustice.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Orkneyinga saga provides Einarr with five brothers including Hallad. Ivar's death on an earlier campaign with King	King	PROPN	Harald	PROPN	 Harald
He purchased a notice similar to the earlier one in the Gazette, and signed it according to her instructions	instructions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The reward for her capture and return was also doubled to $2 million that year. A documentary film	film	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
The Byzantine text of the Gospels has a number of Alexandrian features, it has some affinities to the textual	textual	ADJ	Family	PROPN	 Family
Another less developed system of defences was 5 miles (8.0 km) behind, and the beginnings of a	a	DET	third	ADJ	 third
The capital value of each durable good is equal to the discounted value of its future rents. " Fetter	Fetter	PROPN	's	PART	's
If its density is similar to Amalthea's then its orbit would actually lie within the fluid Roche limit.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Comparable to the size of the Canadian province of Quebec, the watershed encompasses most of the central Great Plains	Plains	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The DMO is not responsible for directly supplying deployed ADF units; this is the responsibility of the Joint Logistics	Logistics	PROPN	Command	PROPN	 Command
" In a 2008 article, Entertainment Weekly named Meryl Streep's role as Jessica Lovejoy as one of the	the	DET	sixteen	NUM	 sixteen
The Make Up were highly influenced by bubblegum music, particularly the French variety called Yé yé music. As	As	ADP	the	DET	 the
Honorary fellows are people who are ineligible to be elected as fellows but nevertheless have " rendered signal service to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Potatoes replaced turnips in borscht recipes, and tomatoes – fresh, canned or paste – took over from beet	beet	NOUN	sour	ADJ	 sour
Senior officers thus advised the government that an operation in Sierra Leone was feasible. Over the following days,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
The ships could also carry 12 15 mines intended to be used to create a secure anchorage. The hull	hull	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1994 and 2004 Croatian authorities filed two separate cases against a total of 17 persons, including Devetak,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Twenty four hour rainfall amounts exceeding 4 in (100 mm) were observed in some areas of New England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In humans, the visible button like portion is near the front junction of the labia minora (inner lips	lips	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Once they had been informed that they were moving forward, the brigadiers and battalion commanders would be taken to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sydney Airport is also known as Kingsford Smith Airport, named after Charles Kingsford Smith; and Comodoro Arturo Merino	Merino	PROPN	Benítez	PROPN	 Benítez
Between 4500 and 3800 BCE, all of the British Isles came to abandon its former Mesolithic hunter gatherer lifestyle	lifestyle	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Since 1985, the World Championships have been held in odd numbered years. FIS events include: The FIS	FIS	PROPN	Nordic	ADJ	 Nordic
The catalyst for the change from Waikiki to Howling Bells was Juanita and Joel's trip to see Black Rebel	Rebel	PROPN	Motorcycle	PROPN	 Motorcycle
Rolling Stone magazine reviewer Anthony DeCurtis wrote that Beyoncé sounded as if she was " having fun " on the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Epstein's version of the story was that customer Raymond Jones walked into the NEMS shop and asked him for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sorum and Reed played their first show with Guns N ' Roses at Rock in Rio 2 in January 1991	1991	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
If this happened, Labor would have an effective 33 – 31 margin, would be able to pass supply	supply	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
The island's standard time zone is UTC + 10: 30, or UTC + 11 when daylight saving	saving	VERB	time	NOUN	 time
However, early on September 15, Gladys weakened slightly to a Category 1 hurricane. Early on September 17	17	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was held on June 24, 2007 at Infineon Raceway in Sonoma, California before a crowd of 102,000	102,000	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Catmull later explained that after the merger, to maintain the studios ' separate identities and cultures (notwithstanding the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
Spacey dressed in costumes from the movie for the tour, which started in San Francisco and traveled through Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
He was fourth in the NL in won lost percentage (.727) and sixth in wins. He went	went	VERB	a	DET	 a
As Thompson mentioned on the BBC program QI in 2009, at one point in the writing process a laptop	laptop	NOUN	failure	NOUN	 failure
The District's share of planning, implementation and first year operating costs was partially financed by a $6	6	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The most common transits are those of Mercury, which usually happen every few years, most recently in 2006	2006	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The track began as a rhythm pattern of slow, low pitched tom tom drums that Gabriel made, and	and	CCONJ	Lanois	PROPN	 Lanois
On August 7, 2013, the Libertarian Party filed a lawsuit stating that they were denied access to have	have	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Mainstream films and big budget blockbusters have attracted cult followings similar to more underground and lesser known films; fans	fans	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A contributing factor to the withdrawal of the RTGs was the spike in fuel prices after the Yom Kippur War	War	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Celine Dion released two French language Christmas albums in her early career: Céline Dion chante Noël (1981)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Beaten out of the Winners Bracket by Team SoloMid, CLG.EU defeated both Team Curse EU and Orbit Gaming to	to	PART	advance	VERB	 advance
Forced to make repairs, Sercey took his squadron to the allied Batavian city of Batavia, sheltering there until	until	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Torres transports Tuvok off the ship, but Seven isn't in the unshielded area of the ship. The	The	DET	Hirogen	PROPN	 Hirogen
The term metalloid originally referred to nonmetals. Its more recent meaning, as a category of elements with intermediate	intermediate	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Prejudice against this class dates back to the Tokugawa period in terms of legal discrimination and treatment as social outcasts	outcasts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All of her light AA guns were replaced with nine twin gun water cooled 37 mm V 11 mounts.	.	PUNCT	All	PRON	 All
The rebuilt aircraft would have extended the operating life of the Nimrod fleet by several decades and significantly improved the	the	DET	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
I thought this would be a video that would make women say, ' Yeah, yeah! ' and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Henry says that Locke is " one of the good ones ". Although Libby (Cynthia Watros) advises	advises	VERB	Ana	PROPN	 Ana
The settlement began in the Middle Ages as a fishing village, renowned for its herring industry. Thanks to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Juan turned to the east, moving along the southern Louisiana coast and re organizing slightly. On October 31	31	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Now considered one of Chile's greatest heroes of the war, her service only became widely known after her	her	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
A preview of the 10 part animated series Tron: Uprising is included in all versions of the home media	media	NOUN	release	NOUN	 release
The Department computers assign Meche to the four year journey even though Manny believes she should have a guaranteed spot	spot	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He and another crew member survived and were taken prisoner. The other two crew were killed; one is	is	AUX	buried	VERB	 buried
Following the honeymoon, Donna moves in with the Kennedy family. On their one month anniversary, Ringo is	is	AUX	knocked	VERB	 knocked
It has traditionally been considered a synonym of S. armatus, though more recent studies suggest it is not.	.	PUNCT	S.	PROPN	 S.
Emerald Number: When the note is tilted, the number " 50 " on the bottom left corner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, it was able to delay the North Korean division for five days in this effort. The NK	NK	NOUN	2nd	NOUN	 2nd
Zakkar speculates that the amir al ʿarab could have been a " revival or continuation " of a pre Islamic	Islamic	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
He became the " first artist to paint the Suez Canal, thus marking an epoch making event in the	the	DET	history	NOUN	 history
" Griffiths went on to hail the character as " our cartoon idol when it came to reaching for the	the	DET	stars	NOUN	 stars
In some sense, the conflict became a side show of the Hundred Years ' War, and David resided	resided	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In July 1944, General Douglas MacArthur, the commander of the South West Pacific Area, selected Morotai as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Teeuw agrees, writing that the novel shows a psychological burden borne by native intellectuals who found themselves physically fit	fit	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
From there it continued on to a terminus in Port Austin. When the United States Numbered Highway System was	was	AUX	approved	VERB	 approved
It was estimated to cost £1,750,000 to £2,250,000, borne by member countries of the Committee. The	The	DET	Nationalists	PROPN	 Nationalists
He scored his first goal for the club against Cremonese in September 1993 but had a difficult time against the	the	DET	highly	ADV	 highly
Francine's storylines were not fully developed and " remain [ed] a bit of a mystery " by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Black's car is searched, it is clear it was never rigged with anything — Dees had planned	planned	VERB	the	DET	 the
In contrast, when polyadenylation occurs in bacteria, it promotes RNA degradation. This is also sometimes the case	case	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
As the tour progressed, band members and others became concerned that Bono's antics – while making for good	good	ADJ	press	NOUN	 press
" Performance Review " originally aired on NBC in the United States on November 15, 2005. The episode	episode	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The project was estimated to cost 267 million Norwegian krone. Estimates show that the benefit for society would be	be	AUX	lower	ADJ	 lower
The carpet seen today is a reproduction of the original. During the almost ten years it served as the	the	DET	capitol	NOUN	 capitol
At the May 1965 election, Askin led the Coalition to its first ever state electoral victory, gaining eight	eight	NUM	seats	NOUN	 seats
The law forced landlords to provide a minimum standard of housing and enacted rent controls, setting a maximum rent	rent	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This was followed by its first appearance on U.S. national television as a 150 second spot three days later,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
Ironically, Linois was captured at the Action of 13 March 1806 by a numerically superior British battle squadron that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
The Tigers were revived in 1932, playing for a short lived four years in the North Western Hockey League	League	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Dewar's own Court martial began on 4 April. The Court trying him was composed of five Rear Admirals	Admirals	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" It was shown on January 10, 2010 alongside " Once Upon a Time in Springfield ", which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In 2005, the tollway authority widened the express lanes from two lanes to three lanes in each direction.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The album was recorded with Vig throughout 2008 and into early 2009 at four locations in California: Ocean Way	Way	PROPN	Recording	PROPN	 Recording
Pound thought writing the cantos meant writing an epic about history and economics, and he wove his economic theories	theories	NOUN	throughout	ADV	 throughout
From 11 June until September 1944 the Spitfire equipped No. 453 Squadron RAAF was often based at forward airfields	airfields	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The movement of mass ejected from the Sun is known as the solar wind. Inconsistencies in this wind and	and	CCONJ	larger	ADJ	 larger
I never correct anything and I never go back to see what I have written... By following my formula	formula	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some bird species have no nests; the cliff nesting common guillemot lays its eggs on bare rock, and	and	CCONJ	male	ADJ	 male
" There were a few days where I was in the headspace where I could say: ' I could	could	AUX	go	VERB	 go
He ascended to the office of governor by three different means. First, he succeeded Kentucky governor John W.	W.	PROPN	Stevenson	PROPN	 Stevenson
Recurring characters who appear in " Laryngitis " are Kurt's father Burt Hummel (Mike O'Malley), glee	glee	PROPN	club	NOUN	 club
The route enters the community of Larrysville, where the route turns to the northwest through a line of forests	forests	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Transferring in 1906 to the Norwegian Military College, he graduated with the highest score since the college's inception	inception	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The Islamic concept of Taqwa is closely related to conscience. In the Qur ’ ān verses 2:	:	SYM	197	NUM	 197
The species is characterized by its unusual stem, which is covered with short lateral branches. The branches often	often	ADV	produce	VERB	 produce
Bertha maintained hurricane status as it approached Atlantic Canada, and briefly reached winds of 80 mph (129 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Pacific had originally intended to run local driver Katsumi Yamamoto in place of Délétraz, but he was not granted	granted	VERB	an	DET	 an
It probably reused stone and lead from Bealieu and Netley abbeys, which had recently been closed during the Dissolution	Dissolution	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The episode also acquired a 4.4 rating in the 18 – 34 demographic, finishing first in its timeslot.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to the CAB there had been 159 mid air collisions in the years 1947 1957, and that in	in	ADP	1957	NUM	 1957
" Regarding the World X Cup, Keller said the third round bout was a dream match for some with	with	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Subsequently, the Corps crossed the Mount Carmel Range by the Musmus Pass and the northern Shushu Pass, during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1929, Wood played a celebrated practical joke on musicologists and critics. " I got very fed up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Agnes, the eldest of the Nottidge sisters, objected to the spiritual marriage which entailed a celibate life and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 1646, after several naval successes against Spain along the Mediterranean, Cardinal Mazarin planned a naval expedition to	to	PART	conquer	VERB	 conquer
The song is loosely about AIDS and contains the Italian language lyric " Fuggi, regal fantasima ", taken	taken	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Manual shared athletic facilities with Male for many years, but in the early 1920s alumni raised funds to construct	construct	VERB	Manual	PROPN	 Manual
There is always a possibility for Nick and Sharon to get back together! " However, Soaps In Depth	Depth	NOUN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
It consisted of a rectangular buckle, with the words " Boy " and " Toy " emblazed on it	it	PRON	in	ADP	 in
His works were illustrated by one of the Moldavian SSR's leading visual artists, Igor Vieru, who also	also	ADV	painted	VERB	 painted
This may also suggest that banded archerfish are capable of three dimensional tasks. The breeding habits of the banded	banded	VERB	archerfish	NOUN	 archerfish
Another trough re curved Karl northward on September 24 as the storm was gradually weakening. Early on September 25	25	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The new bears unwittingly make a huge mess of everything (especially when the huge mansion they asked for causes	causes	NOUN	pollution	NOUN	 pollution
The poems in Buah Rindu date to the period between 1928 and 1935, Amir's first years in Java	Java	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
With her entrance, she became the third female, after Chyna and Beth Phoenix, to participate in a	a	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Through 1948 Prix Edmond Blanc winner Menetrier he is an ancestor of multiple time Canadian Champion sire and Hall of	of	ADP	Fame	PROPN	 Fame
Details about Panaman's first two animal transport journeys are not known, but her third trip began 1 April	April	PROPN	1918	NUM	 1918
The three tiers of the order are Companion, Officer, and Member; specific individuals may be given extraordinary	extraordinary	ADJ	membership	NOUN	 membership
" Other investors followed his actions closely, terming him " too shrewd to be caught, too rich to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Legislation honoring Cope is currently pending before the United States House of Representatives, having already passed in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
On a whim, Naylor whistled and the dog rushed forward, lapping Naylor's face. Tailing them until	until	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
1008 – 1026), a close ally of the Byzantine Emperor, Basil II (r. 976 – 1025	1025	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
As he talks, Angelica imagines herself as the Pharaoh of Egypt, who commands the Hebrew slaves (imagined	imagined	VERB	as	ADP	 as
M. challengeri is a significant prey item for ling, as well as being an important fishery species for human	human	ADJ	consumption	NOUN	 consumption
After the start of his career for the Red Devils, he found first team opportunities rare towards the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Its lyrics propose a sexual encounter with a lover whose boyfriend is gone for the weekend. Gaga was inspired	inspired	VERB	to	PART	 to
Starting all but four of Manchester City's matches in the 1925 – 26 season, Cowan was a key	key	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
The decree nisi was issued in December 1960, which enabled him to marry Plowright in March 1961. A	A	DET	son	NOUN	 son
Sections of I 80 in the Council Bluffs area did not open for another couple years. A short section	section	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
According to the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) between the NHL and NHL Players Association (NHLPA),	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
It is a bronze medallion said to contain a dark deity who brought chaos to the world 800 years before	before	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Diocletian delegated further on 1 March 293, appointing Galerius and Constantius as Caesars, junior co emperors. Under	Under	ADP	this	DET	 this
Cooper is represented by Larry Phillips (Republican) in the Texas State Legislature's 62nd District. Senator Bob	Bob	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
In December 2011 the Bureau of Investigative Journalism shot a covert video interview with Bell Pottinger executives, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Eddie Vedder premiered two songs from the recording on January 8, 1995 during his Self Pollution radio broadcast.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Kennedy also attended the Hague Academy of International Law during one summer. At Virginia, Kennedy felt that he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
He is depicted as a well meaning, but cantankerous, maverick politician who readily partakes of alcoholic refreshment,	,	PUNCT	owns	VERB	 owns
The walls facing the interior courtyard have been especially well preserved. During survey work at the arcopolis, archaeologists	archaeologists	NOUN	discovered	VERB	 discovered
At Mach 3 cruising speed, the shock wave attached along the wing leading edge, preventing the high pressure	pressure	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
Considering a profession in the discipline, he won a studentship that had been established jointly by the University of	of	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
PRSA is governed by a Leadership Assembly that consists of delegates representing its membership, a board of directors and	and	CCONJ	various	ADJ	 various
" The scenes where Dualla finds the set of jacks and where Laura Roslin holds the plant cutting were added	added	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Italians did not disclose the specifications of the Pugliese system and instead used a multiple torpedo bulkhead system.	.	PUNCT	Regardless	ADV	 Regardless
The writing of these two stories, on my part, was in truth a protest against the ' humanizing	humanizing	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
NY 398 passed Firwood Barn as it climbed in elevation. The route turned to the southeast and passed some	some	DET	small	ADJ	 small
The parody of Tom Cruise (Kevin Bishop) is framed through the viewpoint of the actor's association with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Even though some of the agreement was never implemented, a section of the Zagreb – Belgrade motorway passing through	through	ADP	RSK	PROPN	 RSK
In sexual terms, the lyrics can be interpreted in different ways for different people. In " Over and	and	CCONJ	Over	ADP	 Over
Constance (1374 – 1416) Richard — (1375 – 1415) Blanche (1342) — died as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Over the course of the entire war this source of revenue contributed only 0.2% of total wartime expenditure.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
After the rescue of Mussolini and the establishment of the Italian Social Republic (RSI), in spite of	of	ADP	urging	VERB	 urging
Because many of the clubs had already arranged fixtures for the coming season it was only Kingston Wanderers who moved	moved	VERB	forward	ADV	 forward
Up to 50 characters can be active in a single game, and non player activity is offloaded to Microsoft	Microsoft	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The workers said the lack of proof was attributable to the lack of appropriate medical monitoring. As of	of	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The two players were immediately suspended from the football team. The day before the Orange Bowl, Virginia Tech	Tech	PROPN	coach	NOUN	 coach
In prehistoric times the Columbia's salmon and steelhead runs numbered an estimated annual average of 10 to 16 million	million	NUM	fish	NOUN	 fish
The Zimbabwe National Army reported no fatal casualties. Hill and Husher were each awarded the Bronze Cross of Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Although not located within Arad's jurisdiction, the Zohar Peak (552 m or 1,811 ft) and Zohar	Zohar	PROPN	Lookout	PROPN	 Lookout
Other notable American maritime fur traders include William F. Sturgis, Joseph Ingraham, Simon Metcalfe, and Daniel Cross	Cross	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Also saturniid moths of the genera Attacus and Rothschildia display snake heads, but not from the frontal position.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
Although manifested differently by being re told by different artists, it is nevertheless that the details and the prime	prime	ADJ	components	NOUN	 components
Dillinger became a national celebrity as a bank robber who eluded arrest and escaped confinement several times. He had	had	AUX	become	VERB	 become
In S, M, L, XL (1995), urbanist and architectural theorist Rem Koolhaas took issue	issue	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
To satisfy these needs, " the Japanese portrayed and catalogued Taiwan's indigenous peoples in a welter of statistical	statistical	ADJ	tables	NOUN	 tables
As a teacher, Stanford was sceptical about modernism, and based his instruction chiefly on classical principles as exemplified	exemplified	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Three months later, he scored the opening goal in the team's 1 – 1 away draw to Northern	Northern	PROPN	Ireland	PROPN	 Ireland
The Board came to a conclusion almost identical to that of the first board, expressed as follows: That	That	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the Middle Ages, English monarchs washed the feet of beggars in imitation of Jesus, and presented gifts	gifts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As he approached California, he spoke briefly to John Glenn in a two minute conversation broadcast live across the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The first part opens with trumpet fanfares, alternating with flowing coloraturas in the strings. The voices enter as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
This has significantly reduced such precarious heights over the knoll as was the case in the early 1990s and prior	prior	ADV	:	PUNCT	:
He made his second debut for the club in a goalless draw with Staines Town in the FA Trophy first	first	ADV	round	ADV	 round
These fossils were taken to the Palaeontology Division at Jaipur for identification. U. B. Mathur and Suresh Srivastava,	,	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
The gunboats came out to defend her, whereupon the two British frigates anchored between the shore battery and gunboats	gunboats	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Jovovich found that the sketch had " all the struggle that I'm singing about. It IS the divine	divine	ADJ	comedy	NOUN	 comedy
Outside the breeding season, the waxwing will occupy a wide range of habitats as long as suitable fruits such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Following an argument with Minka about what type of wine glasses they should use (either the glasses that belonged	belonged	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The shelter drawings WAAC acquired were completed between the autumn of 1940 and the spring of 1941 and are regarded	regarded	VERB	as	ADP	 as
He felt that he had not used his creative potential to its fullest and that success had passed him by	by	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
Genesis Hall was the nickname of the former Bell Hotel in Drury Lane, which had become a squat in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
It is critically endangered and found only in Djibouti, a nation in the Horn of Africa. This species	species	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
After some time apart, Mills and McCartney separated on 17 May 2006. In November 2007, Mills gave	gave	VERB	a	DET	 a
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has won the Peace Prize twice for assisting refugees: in 1954 and	and	CCONJ	1981	NUM	 1981
But I couldn't imagine this guy wanting to get back on any island that had dinosaurs in it after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
No ballcourt has been identified at the Motul de San José site itself, making the presence of one here	here	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The sole survivor is a man named Babcock, who reveals that he has saved the alien corpse from theft	theft	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
From there, the railroad was to continue to the Pacific Ocean following whatever proved to be the best route	route	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time, the storm was moving slowly northward due to the influence of a large mid- to upper	upper	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
In a non pregnant woman, the cervix is usually 2 to 3 cm long (~ 1 inch)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Face of Boe was originally intended to die in " New Earth ", but as that episode featured	featured	VERB	another	DET	 another
One of the voice actors from Son of Cliché, Chris Barrie went on to portray Arnold Rimmer in the	the	DET	Red	PROPN	 Red
In 1940 Tunis received $200 from his publisher to visit the Dodgers ' spring training camp in Clearwater,	,	PUNCT	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
" As well as allegedly exploiting female wrestlers sexually, Ellison has been accused of using her financial influence to	to	PART	control	VERB	 control
" A retrospective review from Bruce Eder at Allmusic stated it " might be the best debut album ever delivered	delivered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
However, she learnt the right pronunciation and diction with the help of producer, Yash Johar and the crew	crew	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
During the events of Final Fantasy X, the fayth of the aeon Bahamut serves as the chosen representative of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the attack, two men were awarded the Victoria Cross, and nine the Indian Order of Merit,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Their return to Pichilemu was described by Diario VI Región newspaper as " historic ", by saying " at	at	ADP	Pichilemu	PROPN	 Pichilemu
The trachea system has most likely evolved in small ancestors to help resist desiccation. The trachea were originally connected	connected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He broadcast 3,338 consecutive games between November 21, 1965, and December 16, 2001. Hearn came up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
On June 10, 2013, Juicy J announced he would be releasing a four track mixtape prior to the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
In 1992 – 93 Albion finished fourth and entered the playoffs for the first time, having just missed out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
The area constituting Pakistan was historically a part of the British Indian Empire throughout much of the nineteenth century.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Blood free thyroxine and TSH levels are monitored to help determine whether the dose is adequate. This is done	done	VERB	4	NUM	 4
In natural populations of P. major, inbreeding is avoided by dispersal of individuals from their birthplace, which reduces	reduces	VERB	the	DET	 the
At launch, Yorktown joined the Squadron of Evolution of " New Navy " steel hulled ships. Detached from	from	ADP	that	DET	 that
Furthermore, to save design time, the turbine installation used in the light cruiser Champion, the navy's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
Forget villain. Just what it would feel like. And this concept of letting out who she is [	[	X	,	PUNCT	,
He arrived in the Crimea in early March, and one of his duties was to take over the operation	operation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She was laid down in May 1902, launched in May 1904, and commissioned into the Atlantic Fleet in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Storylines between the characters were produced on WWE's weekly television shows Raw and SmackDown with the Raw and SmackDown	SmackDown	PROPN	brands	NOUN	 brands
Al Bakri served as a representative of Damascus in the Syrian Parliament between 1932 and 1946. He was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The motif is also conveyed in the scene in which Bowden forces Dussander to put on a Schutzstaffel uniform and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
The paradox can be solved by mass transfer: when the more massive star became a subgiant, it filled	filled	VERB	its	PRON	 its
From the early 1840s to 1851 Staunton could successfully give odds to almost any UK based player, including eventually	eventually	ADV	John	PROPN	 John
However, the authenticity of the accounts of his life, ministry, and death are widely disputed and there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Found by Eric Lawes, a metal detectorist in the village of Hoxne in Suffolk, England, on 16	16	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
Despite this cloud tops associated with Connie began to warm, even though the eye remained well defined. Thus	Thus	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
For example, Gaozu's Chancellor Xiao He (d. 193 BC) integrated much of the statutes of the	the	DET	Qin	PROPN	 Qin
Irfan Shahîd believes that this generous treatment, as well as the fact that he was not brought to trial	trial	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This has led some scholars, chiefly Alexander Vasiliev and George Ostrogorsky, to regard Thomas's revolt as an	an	DET	expression	NOUN	 expression
Two thirds of Virginia Tech's 300 total offensive yardage came via passes from quarterbacks Sean Glennon (174 yards	yards	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
This limit based attitude towards 0.999 … is often put in more evocative but less precise terms. For example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Psoriasis in those with HIV / AIDS is often severe and may be untreatable with conventional therapy. Psoriasis has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Large numbers of women were employed temporarily. Trade unions gave strong support to the war effort, cutting back	back	ADP	on	ADP	 on
Different weapon types have different ranges, such as a bow and arrow having a longer range than melee weapons	weapons	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
However, these reforms have been hampered by both a lack of funding and an adverse political climate that makes	makes	VERB	the	DET	 the
After the 1973 oil crisis, the Brazilian government made mandatory the use of ethanol blends with gasoline, and	and	CCONJ	neat	ADJ	 neat
In this work, Dembski lists a god or an " alien life force " as two possible options for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The English common name is for the insect's emergence in or around the month of May in the UK	UK	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, on 6 July 2012, he was cleared to participate. In 2008, Tony Parker co directed	directed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The Sunbeam Tiger was a development of the Sunbeam Alpine series I, introduced by the British manufacturer Rootes in	in	ADP	1959	NUM	 1959
Litters typically include two or three infants, although up to five have been reported. Birth weights in captivity	captivity	NOUN	average	NOUN	 average
Using the latter move, she is found in a black and white chequered background room where she moves around	around	ADP	a	DET	 a
She is the youngest of seven siblings (with two sisters and four brothers) born to Pete and Judy	Judy	PROPN	Wambach	PROPN	 Wambach
The ship carried a secondary battery of eight 15 cm (5.9 in) SK C / 28 guns in	in	ADP	single	ADJ	 single
" Praise You In This Storm " won the award for Pop / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
There is no requirement of subsidiarity: in this respect " necessary self defense " differs from " utmost necessity	necessity	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In its design, the XR 1 bore a strong resemblance to the Focke Wulf Fw 61, a helicopter	helicopter	NOUN	developed	VERB	 developed
They don't merely go to a concert to perform and get it over with, they aim to grow	grow	VERB	their	PRON	 their
His health and spirits rallied in the years after Buck's death: he completed a travel book, Tahiti	Tahiti	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Whilst at Spratt's, Cruft gradually rose to the role of general manager, after being head of their	their	PRON	Show	PROPN	 Show
Under Section 4, the activity will be considered to be " improperly " performed when the expectation of good	good	ADJ	faith	NOUN	 faith
The first recorded Cavalier living in the United States was brought from the United Kingdom in 1956 by W. Lyon	Lyon	PROPN	Brown	PROPN	 Brown
At any time, the player may request reinforcements from either one of the two aircraft carriers, HMS Hermes	Hermes	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
In the orders that branched off before the lilioid monocots, the Acorales and Alismatales, flowers differ in several	several	ADJ	ways	NOUN	 ways
R.C. MacLeod stated his belief that the flag would only have been waved twice, and so rejected the tradition	tradition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A lakeside community on the eastern shore of Lake George in the Adirondack Mountains, Huletts Landing is located entirely	entirely	ADV	within	ADP	 within
Kyousuke, who sneaked onto the bus (as a third year he was not allowed to go),	,	PUNCT	managed	VERB	 managed
Gilmour said: " The Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here were so successful not just	just	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
He also approved the formation of the Kentucky State Agricultural Society in 1856. The state geological survey begun under	under	ADP	Governor	PROPN	 Governor
He sums up the various influences and versions: As it evolved from ragtime through jazz, boogie woogie,	,	PUNCT	big	ADJ	 big
She said later: " I prayed all night long for my master till the first of March; and	and	CCONJ	all	DET	 all
Upon completing or failing an objective, the player earns points and receives comments from the instructors. Points are	are	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Using strikes and other protest actions, Solidarity sought to force a change in government policies. In some cases	cases	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Winterson intended the screenplay to be reminiscent of a fairytale, and was unhappy at being asked to write a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
This is one of the main reasons for the generally poor survival rates. Exceptions to this are the functioning	functioning	VERB	PanNETs	PROPN	 PanNETs
Instead Tilbury became a strategic depot, forming a logistical hub for storing and moving troops and materiel throughout the	the	DET	First	PROPN	 First
It begins with a conversation with one of her friends, who asks Jackson the title question. Lyrically,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Nevertheless, Hellenization occurred throughout the region, accompanied by a distinct and opposite ' Orientalization ' of the successor	successor	NOUN	states	NOUN	 states
" Nonetheless, the film was a box office disappointment. Hawke also appeared in the 1994 film Quiz Show	Show	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
, thus creating the MGM Mirage company, and plans for Le Jardin were canceled. Despite the fact that	that	SCONJ	Le	PROPN	 Le
Zoe Williams reviewed the restaurant for The Daily Telegraph in 2010, after Burbidge became head chef. She found	found	VERB	issues	NOUN	 issues
The Nuremberg trials were important historically, but the events were still very recent, television was in its infancy	infancy	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" To find suitable back up dancers, ads were placed in Los Angeles newspapers for " Very Fat Dancers	Dancers	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
None of these actions have been taken, as the bridge leaves were raised in 1994, and have remained	remained	AUX	raised	VERB	 raised
Speight also worked on This Morning, The Heaven and Earth Show, The Big Breakfast and was a contestant	contestant	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Sabo denied having made any such comment. On March 27, 2008, the three judge panel issued a	a	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
Sivaji was awarded a " U " (Universal) rating by the Central Board of Film Certification, only	only	ADV	cutting	VERB	 cutting
In 651, in the aftermath of an attack by Penda on Cnobheresburg, Anna was forced to flee into	into	ADP	exile	NOUN	 exile
The Portland Mercury's Katie Shimer called the bar " one million percent fun " and said, " Whatever	Whatever	PRON	your	PRON	 your
He was the last member of the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA) to hold the office, and	and	CCONJ	that	DET	 that
On 11 July, Bolt led another flight of four fighters in a reconnaissance mission above Sinuiju, his 37th	37th	ADJ	combat	NOUN	 combat
US 13 intersects many major roads including the southern terminus of US 113 in Pocomoke City, Maryland Route 413	413	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
The judges would be six Masters, who would sit in groups of three and be appointed by Parliament,	,	PUNCT	assisted	VERB	 assisted
Both films deal with adult themes: Watership Down the negotiation of leadership to organize an exodus away from persecution	persecution	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
George Lullfitz, a Western Australian nurseryman, recommends growing it as a rambling ground cover in front of other	other	ADJ	shrubs	NOUN	 shrubs
Under the management of Graham Taylor, Gibbs eventually established himself as a first team player at Watford, making	making	VERB	100	NUM	 100
The Pakistani military had prepared for the operation long before, and the government prepared for a three front operation	operation	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
To counter the criticism, he pledged one half of his £10,000 fee to the Manchester United Supporters '	'	PART	Trust	PROPN	 Trust
Bennington's secondary battery consisted of four 6 pounder (57 mm (2.24 in)) guns, and	and	CCONJ	four	NUM	 four
He went on to score two further goals during the latter stages of the season; once in a 2	2	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Antisemitic content and material about a charismatic leader may have been added by Goebbels shortly before the book was published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Disraeli's expansionist foreign policy, which Victoria endorsed, led to conflicts such as the Anglo Zulu War and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Radford was subsequently visited by Artemus L. Gates, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Air. The latter was	was	AUX	so	ADV	 so
The design is also known as the Chainette (little necklace). TransÉnergie uses two level pylons for angle	angle	NOUN	towers	NOUN	 towers
In Culture and Resistance: Conversations with Edward Saïd, Said likened his political situation to the situation that Noam	Noam	PROPN	Chomsky	PROPN	 Chomsky
John Cherry, another former Keeper of the medieval collections at the British Museum, still presents the older dating	dating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The squadron was followed by the Fairey Barracuda torpedo bombers of 828 and 841 Squadrons that made up No.	.	NOUN	2	NUM	 2
The following season the Flyers ' record fell to 45 – 20 – 15 finishing second to the Islanders in	in	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
When this was completed in 1975, a paving contract was awarded from Carlingview Avenue to Highway 401. Highway	Highway	NOUN	409	NUM	 409
Most species are also bioluminescent, but the light is usually blue or green and can only be seen in	in	ADP	darkness	NOUN	 darkness
Between 1904 and 1905, Hull City played their home games at The Boulevard. This ground was used by	by	ADP	Hull	PROPN	 Hull
Bones show the same pitting that signals decompression sickness in humans. Older skeletons showed the most extensive pitting,	,	PUNCT	whereas	SCONJ	 whereas
The origin of Oltenia is given by some of the chronicles differently: according to these chronicles Oltenia was colonized	colonized	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The most active glam metal music scene was starting to appear in clubs on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles	Angeles	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Ancient oceans left behind chalk subsoil deposits when they receded 70 million years ago. Earthquakes that rocked the region	region	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
In this atmosphere, on November 22, 1982, Time magazine published an issue with Andropov on the cover	cover	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some criticisms were the bugs in regards to the physics and crashes — some of which broke quests and even	even	ADV	prevented	VERB	 prevented
" Miller reportedly snapped " So would I — if I had fibrositis "; Bradman had been discharged from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was partially obscured by clouds and heavy squalls so the attacking aircraft only had moderate success, setting some	some	DET	structures	NOUN	 structures
" In 1999, "... Baby One More Time " earned Spears her first three MTV Video Music Award	Award	PROPN	nominations	NOUN	 nominations
Samus must travel to three temples to ensure the destruction of the Ing, while battling Space Pirates and her	her	PRON	mysterious	ADJ	 mysterious
While Massive Dynamic offers its computing resources to identify possible buildings of similar mass, Walter implores Olivia (Anna	Anna	PROPN	Torv	PROPN	 Torv
The local fire brigade managed to stop the fire reaching the wooden stairs to the top of the tower.	.	PUNCT	Prebendary	PROPN	 Prebendary
There are many German versions of Gilbert and Sullivan operas, including the popular Der Mikado. There is even	even	ADV	a	DET	 a
" The reviewer added " It is a strange unpredictable world Mr. Jones conjures up and Mr. Saville, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Berkeley: Transform Press. ISBN 978 0 9630096 3 0.. with Perry, Wendy (2002).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Yancey Strickler of Flak Magazine wrote that in " Work It Out ", Knowles sounds like Pam Grier "	"	PUNCT	taking	VERB	 taking
On June 27, 1950, after the outbreak of fighting in Korea, Truman ordered the U.S. Navy's	's	PART	Seventh	PROPN	 Seventh
The gills are white to cream colored, and fairly crowded together; they are mostly free from attachment to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Speaking of the album's sound, McKinnon said that the band " wanted to make sure it was heavier	heavier	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The changes meant that WIN expanded into the rest of southern New South Wales, launching new stations in Canberra	Canberra	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Enlightenment philosophy had developed Western Europeans ’ interest in Greece, or rather in an idealised Ancient Greece, the	the	DET	linchpin	NOUN	 linchpin
At around 12: 30, Mainz encountered the British cruiser Arethusa and several destroyers. The ships engaged each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
In the first, the former Scientologists describe how they joined Scientology; the second act recounts the history of	of	ADP	Scientology	PROPN	 Scientology
I wasn't a lot of big plays, it was four yards, five yards. Running the clock	clock	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Enemies & Allies was published in May 2009 and met with mixed reviews which noted flat characterization but that it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
; as well a pair on 17 August on the infamous Schweinfurt raid. He was awarded the Ehrenpokal (	(	PUNCT	Goblet	PROPN	Goblet
The whip like tail generally measures up to one and half times the length of the disc, and bears	bears	VERB	one	NUM	 one
It also landed at number 197 on the nation's Billboard 200 and at number eight on the magazine's	's	PART	Compilation	PROPN	 Compilation
In 1950, Clements resigned to assume a seat in the U.S. Senate, elevating Wetherby to governor. Wetherby	Wetherby	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
He was captivated by a radio broadcast of Governor Adlai Stevenson's speech accepting the presidential nomination at the 1952	1952	NUM	Democratic	PROPN	 Democratic
NATO is a military alliance of twenty six European and two North American countries that constitutes a system of collective	collective	ADJ	defence	NOUN	 defence
It was also repainted with a special Iron Maiden livery, which the airline decided to retain after receiving positive	positive	ADJ	feedback	NOUN	 feedback
In the film, it is abbreviated to an " idea ", in Goldenberg's words. " It	It	PRON	's	AUX	's
The Maple Leaf Flag on the casket was partially obscured by the Red Ensign. After the service, his	his	PRON	body	NOUN	 body
During Peter and Lois ' " fat sex ", Peter repeatedly states " almost, almost "; originally	originally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On January 19 against # 19 Oklahoma, Alexander posted 13 points and 13 rebounds. The 13 rebounds in	in	ADP	just	ADV	 just
" Rafer Guzman of Newsday gave the film three out of four stars, saying " So many computer animated	animated	VERB	movies	NOUN	 movies
This event has been interpreted variously as a show of commitment, a mark of cowardice, the result of	of	ADP	political	ADJ	 political
This contributed to England's failure to qualify for the 1984 European Championships, and Robson offered his resignation.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Its conservative counterpart and nemesis was the Anti Jacobin Review, established specifically to counteract the effects of the Analytical	Analytical	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mary rejected him as well. Ferdinand offered Mary the post of regent again in 1528, but she declined	declined	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
According to Italian reports, Đujić had around 300 Chetniks under his command that month, centered mainly around Knin	Knin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Mars Crossing (2000) Impact Parameter (and Other Quantum Realities) (16 shorts) A Walk in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Morris responded by scoring 83 and 110 in the traditional pre Christmas match between New South Wales and Victoria at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
A site on the city's Northside was approved on August 10, 1958, due to land availability and	and	CCONJ	parking	NOUN	 parking
He also wished to become independent after playing games like Year Walk (2013) and 80 Days (2014	2014	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Póvoa de Varzim developed a cosmopolitan style and became a service sector city. It is one of northern Portugal	Portugal	PROPN	's	PART	's
Rjukan station handled 100 wagons, with 800 tonnes potassium nitrate and 400 tonnes ammonia; by 1962 723,482 tonnes	tonnes	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
During production, the episode used the working title " The Second Coming ". The character Peter Watts makes	makes	VERB	mention	NOUN	 mention
Numerically superior and better equipped, the Korean People's Army (KPA) crossed the 38th Parallel and rapidly	rapidly	ADV	advanced	ADJ	 advanced
The four relieve Volt and Guthrie from duty and are allowed into the building. Dredd encounters Chan and is	is	AUX	suspicious	ADJ	 suspicious
Thus, the seignorage, or difference between the face value of the coin and the worth of the metal	metal	NOUN	contained	VERB	 contained
The songs " Captor of Sin " and " Chemical Warfare " are regularly featured on the band's live	live	ADJ	set	NOUN	 set
During La Niña years, the formation of tropical cyclones, along with the subtropical ridge position, shifts westward	westward	ADV	across	ADP	 across
It's very different from television of the past. " " Scorsese is an actor magnet, " commented	commented	VERB	Winter	PROPN	 Winter
On 18 November, Dresden and Leipzig met Spee while en route and the squadron reached St. Quentin Bay three	three	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
The NTSB report stated that if examined disks were not from the same source, “ the records on a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
However, the rate of expansion of the network during this period had slowed considerably and only one station was	was	AUX	opened	VERB	 opened
Little investment was forthcoming under James I or Charles I and by 1630 the garrison's pay was in arrears	arrears	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dong Zhuo later poisoned Emperor Shao. Dong was killed by his adopted son Lü Bu (d. 198 AD	AD	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Many of the jokes in the episode were inspired by the actual vote regarding Proposition 8 and similar legislative debates	debates	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
" The material on Folio 2 recto is from a later date. The upper half of the page contains	contains	VERB	an	DET	 an
Like many console role playing games of the era, Final Fantasy III is noted for its difficulty. Square	Square	PROPN	developed	VERB	 developed
Murphy unsuccessfully tried to buy the rights to the film in 1955 in an attempt to re edit and re	re	AUX	release	VERB	 release
He served another term in the Virginia House of Delegates in 1788. In 1788, White participated in the	the	DET	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
Groening felt that the episode was a thirty minute advertisement for Brooks ' show The Critic (which had moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The use of modern media in spreading untruths, by individuals, businesses or governments, is condemned. The	The	DET	ninth	ADJ	 ninth
" Easy Mode " was released in 2006 and allows the player to auto evade incoming attacks and reduce damage	damage	NOUN	taken	VERB	 taken
The film's high notable openings were in Russia and the CIS ($8.1 million), Germany (	(	PUNCT	$	SYM	$
Themes explored include the ubiquity of locative technology, the eversion of cyberspace and the political climate of the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
The presidential elections are regulated by an act of the parliament. The constitution requires that the president elect resign	resign	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
During the nineteenth century, the port of Hobart Town was a vital re supply stop for international shipping and	and	CCONJ	trade	NOUN	 trade
In 1906, at the Norwich music festival he presented Beethoven's Choral Symphony and Bach's St Matthew Passion	Passion	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1961, Gingrich graduated from Baker High School in Columbus, Georgia. He had been interested in politics	politics	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
However, barring plant destruction, T. grandiflorum can continue flowering every year after it has begun. This plant	plant	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
This usually occurs in the presence of a tumor of the pituitary, although in 80% of cases this	this	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Both the state and the NAACP appealed. In Harrison v. NAACP, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 6 to	to	PART	3	NUM	 3
This was his highest score of the season, in which he made 561 first class runs at 31.16.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Jan Zamoyski was born on 19 March 1542 to Stanisław Zamoyski and Anna Herburt in Skokówka. He started his	his	PRON	education	NOUN	 education
Like Huntley, authors Chip Madinger and Mark Easter recognise the song as the most obvious example of Spector's	's	PART	influence	NOUN	 influence
Trijata learns of the death of Indrajit by Lakshmana and passes the news to Sita. The Ramcharitmanas of Tulsidas	Tulsidas	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Although Mani (216 – 276 AD), the founding prophet of Manichaeism, did not proclaim his first	first	ADJ	religious	ADJ	 religious
The two kingdoms within Kent were east and west Kent. Western Kent has fewer archaeological finds from the earliest	earliest	ADJ	periods	NOUN	 periods
It included a ropewalk, which made ropes for many industries in the locality, as well as for rigging	rigging	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Australian magpie was first described by English ornithologist John Latham in 1801 as Coracias tibicen, the type collected	collected	VERB	in	ADP	 in
NY 33 and the Genesee Street name take over Walden's straight, slightly north trending course as it leaves	leaves	VERB	Erie	PROPN	 Erie
After heading east for two blocks, during which US 40 Alternate intersects one way northbound Locust Street, the	the	DET	municipally	ADV	 municipally
They measure 45.75 inches (116.2 cm) × 35.5 inches (90 cm) except Freedom of Worship which	which	PRON	measures	VERB	 measures
He was an employee in the Palace of São Cristóvão whom Pedro I deeply trusted and asked to look after	after	ADP	his	PRON	 his
During the landing, the 2 / 33rd formed part of the floating reserve, but after the early stages	stages	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Alcuin, who was taught at the school set up in York by Bede's pupil Egbert, praised Bede	Bede	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
" I suppose my politics remained essentially in the middle of the road Labour left until the end of the	the	DET	1970s	NOUN	 1970s
Amira later invites Anthony for a meal at her family's home, but it is awkward. When Derek	Derek	PROPN	Branning	PROPN	 Branning
He met a New Age spiritual advisor there, and on her advice, he followed her to Taos,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Some hip hop purists feel the interpretive and softer approach means lyrical hip hop is not hip hop at all	all	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In 1910, Alexandra became the first queen consort to visit the British House of Commons during a debate.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The official developer kit was codenamed Durango, and appeared to be available to developers by mid 2012. Leaked	Leaked	VERB	documents	NOUN	 documents
Preliminary work on L.A. Noire began after the founding of developer Team Bondi in 2003. Though Team Bondi oversaw	oversaw	NOUN	development	NOUN	 development
Kahn was awarded the commission for the library in November 1965. Kahn had already thought deeply about the proper	proper	ADJ	design	NOUN	 design
Many weapons available in previous installments of the series return with minor cosmetic and power alterations. Unlike previous installments	installments	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Claudio Bravo has the record of best unbeaten start in a season in La Liga history (754 minutes)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Its Japanese name is Yamiiro kunugitake (ヤミイロクヌギタケ). According to Takahashi, the inamyloid spores, the diverticulate	diverticulate	ADJ	cap	NOUN	 cap
He also testified that he had rejected several scripts because he thought they were " tinged with communist ideas "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
On 14 August, one of Rowley's ships, the 18 gun sloop HMS Otter, attacked a French	French	ADJ	brig	NOUN	 brig
" One film Babb presented in the 1950s was centered on an annual passion play and the story behind putting	putting	VERB	it	PRON	 it
While all locations for the first film had been within 10 minutes of the hotel, locations in the second	second	ADJ	were	AUX	 were
Yamashiro had a stowage capacity of 4,000 long tons (4,100 t) of coal and 1,000 long tons (	(	PUNCT	1,000	NUM	1,000
This is an example of " generalization " from prototypes: Erbaugh has proposed that when children learn count classifiers	classifiers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2003 – 04 it began to move into the mainstream with Ladytron, the Postal Service, Cut Copy	Copy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It ranked as the third most successful film of 1991 in North America, surpassed only by the summer blockbusters	blockbusters	NOUN	Terminator	PROPN	 Terminator
A week later, she was escorting the battleship Valiant which was covering Convoy NP1, the first troop convoy	convoy	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
From 1938, some of the locomotives were painted in a semi matt Malachite Green finish when Bulleid replaced Maunsell	Maunsell	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The second generation Palladian architect Henry Flitcroft has been suggested; by 1746 he was the master carpenter at three	three	NUM	London	PROPN	 London
The episode also stars Pamela Hayden and Tress MacNeille, and Phil Hartman as lawyer Lionel Hutz. Roger Meyers	Meyers	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Thirty seven countries - an unprecedented 39% of the participating nations - won at least one medal in these	these	DET	Games	PROPN	 Games
The foreign language offerings are French, German, Spanish, Mandarin, and Latin. Students may also enroll	enroll	VERB	concurrently	ADV	 concurrently
The Astrophysical Journal 708 (2): 1162 – 1167. arXiv: 0906.2193. Bibcode: 2010ApJ... 708.1162K.	708.1162K.	NUM	doi	NOUN	 doi
Even though the name of the language which was developed by these Tamil Sangams is mentioned as Tamil, the	the	DET	exact	ADJ	 exact
The re purposed zoo opened on October 5, 1993 under the rubric " Prospect Park Wildlife Conservation Center "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Following its incorporation, the library was relocated from Literary Hall to two rear adjoining rooms on the second story	story	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bauhaus was one of the formative gothic rock bands. Others, like Gang of Four, the Raincoats and	and	CCONJ	Throbbing	PROPN	 Throbbing
By 1900, only a short stretch of the Detroit – Howell Plank Road was still made of planks;	;	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
Later that day, Dvorak classification began on the disturbance, and the convection continued to organize. Early on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
In hindsight this was only a legalistic charade which had little chance of holding up in a court of law	law	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" We sent him the script beforehand and he noted the script up pretty good. But it was all	all	PRON	to	PART	 to
The Chaco Low attracts air masses from the South Pacific High, creating a dry and cold wind, particularly	particularly	ADV	during	ADP	 during
Anne Brontë's " Flossy, " given to her by the Robinson children when she left her governorship of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
By the mid 1960s, their marriage was in trouble due to Ted's womanizing and Joan's growing alcoholism	alcoholism	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The guns had a maximum elevation of only 12°. They fired 432 kilogram (952 lb) armour	armour	VERB	piercing	VERB	 piercing
On 20 August 1942 he was posted to the Air Fighting Development Unit at RAF Duxford for a short time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Satellite imagery showed a banding type eye. However, by December 27, Lee began to feel the effects	effects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On Stewart's recommendation, Severn School, a private prep school in Maryland, hired him in 1930.	.	PUNCT	Brown	PROPN	 Brown
Best known for his distinctive supporting and character roles Hoffman was a regular presence in films from the early 1990s	1990s	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
Apart from the manga and anime, Mukuro has also appeared in other media from the Reborn! franchise including	including	VERB	video	NOUN	 video
Marchant devised a signal system, such as a head bump on Browne's hip, or even a verbal	verbal	ADJ	shout	NOUN	 shout
The tight schedule proved a challenge to the six companies responsible for the extensive visual effects, which included computer	computer	NOUN	generated	VERB	 generated
Immediately he set out to meet them, engaged their army and comprehensively defeated it, before going on to	to	PART	capture	VERB	 capture
The system had a broad circulation, and initially moved slowly to the east southeast. It developed due to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
On lap three, the first caution was given when Robby Gordon made contact with Petty, forcing him to	to	PART	spin	VERB	 spin
The Kačić's family can be traced to the Pacta conventa, an agreement dating from 1102 (or later	later	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
In 1505 Jean II was killed by his brother Lucien. Jean II was succeeded by his brother Lucien I.	I.	PROPN	Peace	PROPN	 Peace
On other occasions, he said his interest in homosexual and bisexual culture had been more a product of the	the	DET	times	NOUN	 times
Globally, acne affects approximately 650 million people, or about 9.4% of the population, as of 2010	2010	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The NES version was released by Nintendo in North America in March 1987 and in Europe on October 15,	,	PUNCT	1987	NUM	 1987
After he handed his information to the Slovakian Jewish Council in April 1944, Vrba said Krasniansky had assured him	him	PRON	that	SCONJ	 that
Russell, who had a difficult relationship with the media, was not present at either event. After retiring	retiring	VERB	as	ADP	 as
As the group travels to Kuldahar, they meet a drow (dark elf) named Nym, who tells	tells	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Marble Madness was developed by Atari Games, with Mark Cerny as the lead designer and Bob Flanagan as the	the	DET	software	NOUN	 software
The single's music video was filmed at the Brooklyn Academy of Music during the fall of 1998. The	The	DET	video	NOUN	 video
The 1950 version was designed by Ivan Dubasov, a People's Artist of the USSR. Article 119 of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" On July 10, 2014, House of Cards earned thirteen Primetime Emmy Award nominations for the 66th Primetime	Primetime	ADJ	Emmy	PROPN	 Emmy
Shocked by this information, he did not return to North Africa but went into hiding in Italy instead.	.	PUNCT	Only	ADV	 Only
Feldman underwent reconstructive elbow surgery for a torn ulnar collateral ligament in October 2003. In his four appearances in	in	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
Both 75 millimeter (3.0 in) anti aircraft (AA) guns and two 47 millimeter guns were replaced	replaced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
On tour in 2000 and 2001, the band learned how to perform the electronic music live, combining synthetic	synthetic	ADJ	sounds	NOUN	 sounds
The following day, the Government of Mexico discontinued the warning for the Islas Marías and the watch for areas	areas	NOUN	south	ADV	 south
The building was identified as having attributes valued by the community, including quality architecture, local ownership, and	and	CCONJ	orientation	NOUN	 orientation
In 1905 Americus was standing at stud in Ireland, but spent the years 1906 and 1907 in Italy.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
A search in the genomes of vertebrates revealed a set of analogous genes, which were found to play similar	similar	ADJ	roles	NOUN	 roles
From July 1918 were part of North Persia Force (Dunsterforce) and ended the war in Baku, Azerbaijan	Azerbaijan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The game was released for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Nintendo Wii consoles, as well as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Featuring additional lead vocals by Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno, the song was written by Arjona, who produced it	it	PRON	with	ADP	 with
" article " is defined within Section 1 as anything containing material that is read or looked at, any	any	DET	sound	ADJ	 sound
The Japanese Army and navy made immediate plans to move the rest of the 38th Division to the island,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
This is probably because the individuals concerned allocate resources in response to the parasitism which are then not available for	for	ADP	reproduction	NOUN	 reproduction
The composition is based on " Son of a Gambolier ", composed by Charles Ives in 1895, the	the	DET	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide,	,	PUNCT	Warren	PROPN	 Warren
) Over the period from 2011 to 2014 the ACLU Foundation, on the average, has accounted for roughly	roughly	ADV	70	NUM	 70
A seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois was vacant; President Theodore Roosevelt	Roosevelt	PROPN	offered	VERB	 offered
It was believed that it would be a sin to marry after puberty. Another practice, which is prevalent	prevalent	ADJ	today	NOUN	 today
Citing concern over the lack of available gunfire to support amphibious operations, Congress demanded that the United States Navy	Navy	PROPN	reinstate	VERB	 reinstate
One of Admiral Hipper's Arado seaplanes had to make an emergency landing in Eide, Norway on 8 April	April	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On 4 March 2016, Iommi discussed future re releases of the Tony Martin era catalogue. He explained:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Collins ran 0.04 seconds faster than Christian, while Mauritius ' Stephen Buckland ran 0.11 seconds slower. Christian did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
It ranks as the 36th highest grossing film of all time in the U.S. and Canada. The popularity of	of	ADP	Lautner	PROPN	 Lautner
The most recent new members, Albania and Croatia, joined on 1 April 2009, prior to the 2009	2009	NUM	Strasbourg	PROPN	 Strasbourg
Following Foote's departure, the society selected Professor E. J. Meany to head the Romney Classical Institute. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Neither the 1st Army Group nor the Hungarians were ready for full scale fighting, as they were still mobilising	mobilising	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Between two slender consonants, it is advanced even further, to a centralized vowel (IPA [üː]	]	X	):	PUNCT	):
Under the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994, Dyfed was abolished on 1 April 1996 and Carmarthenshire was	was	AUX	re	AUX	 re
He coached without using a lot of yelling and screaming. Oosterbaan motivated his players without using sarcasm or losing	losing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Urquiza, president of the Confederation, issued the ' law of differential rights ', benefiting the ships trading	trading	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Avory left the band, and Henrit was brought in to take his place. Ray Davies, who was	was	AUX	still	ADV	 still
While several early cases employed the " intangible right to honest government, " United States v. States (8th	8th	PROPN	Cir	PROPN	 Cir
Oliver also said that while the episode did " very little " to advance the season storyline significantly, there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
Khalid and Qa ' qa flung the gate open and the remainder of Khalid's men entered the city.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
For the punting unit, despite allowing 64- and 65 yard returns against Seattle and Minnesota, opposing return teams	teams	NOUN	recorded	VERB	 recorded
On May 30, 2013, technical rehearsals for the ride officially began. On June 20, 2013,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He carried out a flanking manoeuvre through a pass judged by the Germans to be impenetrable, rendering the Mareth	Mareth	PROPN	position	NOUN	 position
The objectives of the fedayeen were articulated in the statements and literature they produced, which were consistent with reference	reference	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The entire side of the Prince Consort class ships, from the upper deck level downwards, was protected by	by	ADP	wrought	ADJ	 wrought
The seizure of these cities also enraged the Aetolians, as both were members of the Aetolian League. The	The	DET	alliance	NOUN	 alliance
" McFarland praised Kaitlin Olson's portrayal of Brenda, however, stating " Olson got some laughs out of	of	ADP	just	ADV	 just
First published in the United Kingdom on 26 October 1987, the book takes a critical perspective, challenging the	the	DET	Church	PROPN	 Church
In 1937, von Brauchitsch duelled Caracciola before coming out on top. It was the last prewar Grand Prix	Prix	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The party was initially received in peace at the Itza capital, but as soon as the Spanish soldiers let	let	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Produced by Arif Mardin, the track appeared on Starr's debut album for Atlantic Records and Polydor, Ringo	Ringo	PROPN	's	PART	's
Pfeiffer returned to the screen in 2007 with villainous roles in two major summer blockbusters, as Velma Von Tussle	Tussle	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Span was out but Tolbert was able to score on Porcello's throwing error. The score remained 3 –	–	SYM	1	NUM	 1
Winnipeg is a railway hub and is served by Via Rail, Canadian National Railway, Canadian Pacific Railway,	,	PUNCT	Burlington	PROPN	 Burlington
I saw the song as more fun and cheeky, rather than sassy and glossy like that. " The	The	DET	Sugababes	PROPN	 Sugababes
The pursuit had been exhausting: since first sighting the British ships, Niémen had travelled over 140 nmi (	(	PUNCT	160	NUM	160
Almost everyone connected with the movie is in top form, even Mr. Moore. Here he's as ageless	ageless	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
His brothers were Alec, known as " Sandy " by the family, who played for Ayr United and	and	CCONJ	Clyde	PROPN	 Clyde
Orthodox Hindus remember the Panchakanya: the five virgins or maidens, in this daily morning prayer; though none	none	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For Idolator, Mike Wass called the remix " X rated ", thanking the feature guests for that.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
His girlfriend, Candy, accompanies him as a result of him protecting her from an angry waiter she attempted	attempted	VERB	to	PART	 to
According to the staff members of Idolator, the beat in the background is augmented by hand claps similar to	to	ADP	that	PRON	 that
However, Washbrook called Edrich through for a quick single soon after. The batsmen hesitated and after both Englishmen	Englishmen	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
She was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 26 November 1896. The ship was 421 feet (128 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Raonic holds a combined 7 – 29 record (19%) against the Big Four, including 0 –	–	PUNCT	7	NUM	 7
German aid to the Nationalists amounted to approximately £43,000,000 ($215,000,000) in 1939 prices. German air	air	NOUN	crews	NOUN	 crews
His second innings lasted just seven balls before Key " chipped a simple catch to mid on ", having	having	AUX	scored	VERB	 scored
Following the conclusion of hostilities, the battalion's personnel were returned to Australia in small drafts, as the	the	DET	2	NUM	 2
" Asked about a possible romance between Vala and Daniel before the filming of the series finale, Black predicted	predicted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He was picked for the 1945 – 46 Australian tour of New Zealand and played in the representative match that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" If this agreement is not fulfilled, the Flyer can be reclaimed by the heir of the Wright brothers	brothers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The title and other Belarusian state awards, their creation, nomination and awarding, are regulated by a set	set	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With both offenses struggling in the first quarter, Sun Devil, Terry Richardson, opened scoring on an 84	84	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
He was put on a monitor, but it [ECG trace] was flat. I pounded his heart	heart	NOUN	[	X	 [
John Young walked on the moon as the commander of Apollo 16, first commander of the space shuttle and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The team competed in the 2012 IPL and finished at the third place, thus qualified for the 2012 Champions	Champions	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
Speaking to a British press reporter on 5 January, the victim's father was quoted as saying, "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
He helped NASA with voice communication equipment including long lines between Cape Canaveral and Houston as well as assisting the	the	DET	Air	PROPN	 Air
According to his analysis, the following missions were the ones most likely to have been destroyed: La Concepción	Concepción	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
As LeHand was leaving on her maiden voyage, she struck the U.S. Coast Guard lighthouse tender Magnolia amidships,	,	PUNCT	sinking	VERB	 sinking
Her work with the Make A Wish foundation was the inspiration behind her own charity, with Lavigne stating,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He did not hesitate to alter productions when they were revived. " Although he had told the press that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In addition, the flux provides molten slag which covers the filler metal as it travels from the electrode to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Any financial institution that participates in the forward collection (or return) process can become the reconverting financial institution	institution	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
In all versions, Khandoba returns to Jejuri with his new wife and faces the wrath of Mhalsa. Many	Many	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
One early possible attempt at espionage were the Russian sawfilers who travelled through Sweden, mostly in Norrland during the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
" The Scotsman wrote that the song is an " electro glam " that " throwaway fun. " Allison	Allison	PROPN	Stewart	PROPN	 Stewart
The Ionian revolt had begun with an unsuccessful expedition against Naxos, a joint venture between the Persian satrap Artaphernes	Artaphernes	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The novels were always set in London, a small village, or at a houseparty. Critic Erik Routley	Routley	PROPN	labelled	VERB	 labelled
While living in a New York apartment between 1895 and 1901 not much is known of the Davenport home life	life	NOUN	except	SCONJ	 except
The cost was estimated to be at least $300 – 400 million (USD). The plan replaced	replaced	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nevertheless, he conceded that " a man may be ignorant, boastful and obscure, and yet have done	done	VERB	a	DET	 a
The fate of the championship trophy itself was the subject of controversy after Canadian hockey officials accompanied by Montreal Police	Police	PROPN	prevented	VERB	 prevented
Even though cadmium and its compounds are toxic in certain forms and concentrations, the British Pharmaceutical Codex from 1907	1907	NUM	states	NOUN	 states
The show itself was nominated in the " Soap and Continuing Drama " category at the 2007 awards. Holby	Holby	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
They spend the night at a hotel, but he leaves without her the next morning and catches a train	train	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Suharto unexpectedly resigned on 21 May 1998, one week after he returned from a Group of 15 meeting in	in	ADP	Cairo	PROPN	 Cairo
Ballots were generally fair and in accordance with the 1931 constitution, although three cases of electoral fraud occurred.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Lindelof and Cuse felt that the beard worked with Lapidus ' character, and allowed Fahey to keep it for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In his store is a shelf with other symbolic items that represent local businesses. The center section is devoted	devoted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
After Millennium's cancellation, Johannessen would also contribute an episode to its sister show The X Files, 1999	1999	NUM	's	PART	's
The average annual rainfall of 667.9 millimetres (26.3 in) is well below the UK average of 1,125 millimetres	millimetres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In the process, the News Miner became the first newspaper to regularly deliver via aircraft. Three years after	after	ADP	Harding	PROPN	 Harding
Greg Fischbach, one of the founders of Acclaim Entertainment, noted, regretfully several years later, they had	had	AUX	passed	VERB	 passed
Mario and Aldo were surprised to find a half mile dirt racing track when they moved to Nazareth. The	The	DET	twins	NOUN	 twins
A NME staff reviewer said that the song takes the riff of David Bowie and Iggy Pop's " China	China	PROPN	Girl	PROPN	 Girl
A year later he moved into his wife's house in Mallord Street, in an unsuccessful hope of reigniting	reigniting	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In Gumboro, DE 26 and DE 30 continue north while Route 54 turns east onto Cypress Road. Route	Route	NOUN	54	NUM	 54
Still, the old fashioned extravagance of this production... feels like some kind of honesty: it's a	a	DET	sincere	ADJ	 sincere
In general, the operator factor, or the percentage of operator's time spent laying weld, is approximately	approximately	ADV	25	NUM	 25
During the landing operations on 7 and 8 August, Japanese naval aircraft based at Rabaul, under the command	command	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fifty eight were permanently joined in " Bib and Bub " (named after comic characters by May Gibbs)	)	PUNCT	pairs	NOUN	 pairs
It was the longest scoring drive in Big 12 Championship history. With 8: 53 left in the game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Manager Phil Walden explained to executives that the band were less of a studio band and that live performances	performances	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The station began broadcasting on 1 October 1988 as a privately owned company, thereby ending the television monopoly previously	previously	ADV	exercised	VERB	 exercised
The official forecast at this time called for further intensification to minimal hurricane strength. This did not occur however	however	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Following his release from Fleetwood, Crowther joined non League side FC Halifax Town. At the end of the	the	DET	2013	NUM	 2013
Adelman served as National Chair of Canadian Professors for Peace in the Middle East (1983 – 84),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Guns and ammunition were kept there in case of a fresh rebellion, with a garrison of 36 men,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Meanwhile, Peter loses his job at the Pawtucket Brewery because Superstore USA has its own brewery and they can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
At Otter Tail Lake, the route left the plains and turned east into a forest in the Leaf Mountains	Mountains	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Act one begins with Krusty's face introducing the audience at his show, act two begins with Krusty's	's	PART	face	NOUN	 face
However, he was not able to continue his success in 2014, and the Dodgers released him after that	that	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Certain shooting methods, like hand held and zooms, were nixed, except for in cases where they could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The operation was in response to attacks, including rockets strikes from Fatah and other Palestinian militias, within the	the	DET	Israeli	PROPN	 Israeli
This flexibility is possible because different oxidases and reductases use the same ubiquinone pool. This allows many combinations of	of	ADP	enzymes	NOUN	 enzymes
Although the West Side Stadium plan was rejected by city and state planning agencies, the 7 Subway Extension plan	plan	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
During the story campaign, the player takes control of Renegade Squadron, under the command of Col Serra and	and	CCONJ	occasionally	ADV	 occasionally
He also indulged his hobby for collecting Japanese art, and quickly became a renowned authority. Borthwick translated four	four	NUM	works	NOUN	 works
Dodd's career returned to politically contentious Indigenous issues when he played a minor role, of Kummengu, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Malaria was the most important health hazard encountered by U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
He thought that had the crew been able to come to some sort of solution then it would have been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
On October 24, Time magazine featured Medina on its cover, and soon thereafter he was asked to consider	consider	VERB	running	VERB	 running
Erin (Ellie Kemper) confides in Ryan (B. J. Novak) that she's intending to stay in	in	ADP	Tallahassee	PROPN	 Tallahassee
When the compliance of the injured lung differs significantly from that of the uninjured one, the lungs can be	be	AUX	ventilated	VERB	 ventilated
In 1998, Said made In Search of Palestine (1998), a BBC documentary film about Palestine past	past	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The rumors were partially true; Argentina was looking to get rid of the battleships and devote the proceeds to	to	ADP	opening	VERB	 opening
He defeated Robin Söderling in the semifinals, before losing to Nikolay Davydenko in the final. Del Potro finished	finished	VERB	2009	NUM	 2009
This was down from the previous year's attendance of 18,065, but the decline could be attributed to the	the	DET	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
Imran Khan, another major opposition figure, went further, saying that " the decision isn't only against	against	ADP	national	ADJ	 national
After she died, the English raked back the coals to expose her charred body so that no one could	could	AUX	claim	VERB	 claim
A century later, James Boswell wrote in his diary that he had taken a prostitute into the garden and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
According to Wolfson, Donald Reiman, a modern editor of Percy Bysshe Shelley's works, still refers to	to	ADP	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
Over larger gaps, its breakdown strength is weaker, perhaps 1 kV per centimetre. The most visible natural	natural	ADJ	occurrence	NOUN	 occurrence
Understanding the singularity of the Big Bang likely requires a quantum theory of gravity, which has not yet been	been	AUX	formulated	VERB	 formulated
The economic turmoil which hit the Soviet Union in 1990 was blamed on Ryzhkov, even though it was Gorbachev	Gorbachev	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
Additionally, William McAtee, noting the tendency of birds to form Floridian subspecies, suggested that the white tail	tail	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
In the Netherlands, midazolam is a List II drug of the Opium Law. Midazolam is a Schedule IV	IV	PROPN	drug	NOUN	 drug
Sovereigns were enthroned in Besakana and their mortal remains were displayed here before burial. A visitor writing in 1888	1888	NUM	described	VERB	 described
General relativity also predicts the existence of gravitational waves, which have since been observed directly by physics collaboration LIGO	LIGO	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
... Of course there will be no personality in this – the fact that the First Lord in the Opera	Opera	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The following ten were to be allocated to Scotland and were allocated further " Clan " names, all of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
At the end of June 1860, Rossier was in Shanghai, and it is likely that he visited the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
He devised a different arrangement of keys and finger holes, which allow simpler fingering. It was inspired by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1893, the company produced the penultimate Gilbert and Sullivan collaboration, Utopia, Limited. While Utopia was	was	AUX	being	AUX	 being
On the game's first play, Tech committed a five yard false start penalty. Running back Shyrone Stith	Stith	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Germany was the most successful nation at the Games, which did much to support their allegations of Aryan supremacy	supremacy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the Pacific, it occurs off Japan, Java, Australia and New Zealand, and the Hawaiian Islands	Islands	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, by 1999, attendance had fallen off so severely that the owners issued an ultimatum: buy more	more	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
His hand withered from contact with the diabolic innards. The suggested parallels with Fenrir myths are the binding of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Following the battle, Harvey remained aboard Lion at Rosyth for the whole of 1915 and the first five months	months	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Because of the lawsuit, the decision was made to permit a nativity scene to be displayed in the rotunda	rotunda	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Magic Books contains 61 tracks across two discs, with a total length of 1: 51: 57;	;	PUNCT	Best	PROPN	 Best
Despite this, he praised the save system for letting players save the game at any point. Writing for	for	ADP	GameSpot	PROPN	 GameSpot
In the playoffs, the Oilers managed to advance to the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in franchise	franchise	NOUN	history	NOUN	 history
This property has been exploited for medicinal use in traditional healing and has resulted in the production of galantamine for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
At this time it was not routine for politicians to travel abroad; McNary, with considerable influence in foreign	foreign	ADJ	affairs	NOUN	 affairs
The collection includes God of War, God of War II, God of War III, Chains of Olympus	Olympus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In cities like Manchester, with unemployment problems, there are no alcohol venues where five thousand people under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Gurney, who had just become the chairman of Luton Town following a takeover by a consortium from Hong	Hong	PROPN	Kong	PROPN	 Kong
The Cardinals avoided a shutout when Walker hit a home run to center field off Foulke in the ninth inning	inning	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This version, released on October 7, 2013, became the last version to be marketed by Symantec.	.	PUNCT	Norton	PROPN	 Norton
Danny and Irving's sixth books, East of Bangor and The Cider House Rules are both abortion novels set	set	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The 11 track CD again excluded the work of Hosoe, instead sampling Kajiura's pieces. Released on February	February	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
It is located at Plaza del Carmen, at the eastern end of Recto Avenue, in Quiapo, Manila	Manila	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On August 29, Atkinson's force began moving up the Wisconsin River towards Portage, Wisconsin, where the	the	DET	hostile	ADJ	 hostile
On 2 June 1384, Robert resolved to send Walter Wardlaw, Bishop of Glasgow to the Anglo French peace	peace	NOUN	talks	NOUN	 talks
Paranoid's chart success allowed the band to tour the US for the first time in October 1970, which	which	PRON	spawned	VERB	 spawned
The show is a great success, and the football team wins the championship game. Emboldened by leading the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
In response, Hitler formally renounced his Austrian citizenship on 7 April 1925. At the time of Hitler's	's	PART	release	NOUN	 release
Pretty interesting stuff. It's nice to finally have a reason to point at for Walter's craziness "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
It is listed as a landmark by the City of Berlin. At the Rungestraße corner of the park there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
Gorbachev's own plan was to replace Karmal with Mohammad Najibullah, who had joined the PDPA at its creation	creation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The settlement did not go smoothly, and when Roman officials mishandled the situation, the Goths began to raid	raid	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
At 12: 23, the bombers broke out of a squall line, and Cousland in No. 81	81	NUM	immediately	ADV	 immediately
William R. Wood wrote in the Kalamazoo Gazette that " Clarke ’ s complex bass work is invigorating as he	he	PRON	blends	VERB	 blends
In the GT1 class, Aston Martin achieved its first win over the Corvette since returning to the event in	in	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
The Portuguese were the first traders, then the Dutch and finally the British. Prior to European contact,	,	PUNCT	Igbo	PROPN	 Igbo
Under the supervision of Dr. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey), Lexie works with Mercy West resident Dr. April	April	PROPN	Kepner	PROPN	 Kepner
Sergio produced light rainfall along the coast of Mexico, though its effects were minimal. The formation of Sergio	Sergio	PROPN	marked	VERB	 marked
The production of the second important isotope 247Bk involves the irradiation of the rare isotope 244Cm with high energy alpha	alpha	NOUN	particles	NOUN	 particles
The pair took photographs of each other that, for the time, would have been considered explicit. For	For	ADP	Hindley	PROPN	 Hindley
Rehearsals for the band's third album, Nursery Cryme, took place at Luxford House near Crowborough, East	East	PROPN	Sussex	PROPN	 Sussex
It might possibly be a consequence of different forms of initiation of warriors, where one part seemed to have	have	AUX	belonged	VERB	 belonged
News items reported that West Nohno also visited Teneriffe, Accra, Las Palmas, Grand Bassam, Seccondee,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
General Franz Halder, the Army's Chief of Staff, described the speech: Struggle between two ideologies.	.	PUNCT	Scathing	ADJ	 Scathing
The first DVD release by ADV Films was the eight disk Perfect Collection in 2002, containing the original 26	26	NUM	installments	NOUN	 installments
Myrmecologist William Brown, Jr., was perhaps the first person to question the monophyly of the genus, mentioning	mentioning	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
At the centre is an image of John Wisden. To Wisden's left is a smaller figure of a	a	DET	batsman	NOUN	 batsman
The bank, which held many assets of the Oregon Common School Fund, failed during Hobbs ' time there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
T. erectofrons was assigned to Corythosaurus based largely on biometric information. The only non typic specimen of Tetragonosaurus,	,	PUNCT	assigned	VERB	 assigned
Diana tells him that she will have a lot of job offers in New York, but Paul says that	that	SCONJ	no	DET	 no
They are former WWE Tag Team Champions and World Tag Team Champions. Their 2006 2007 reign as WWE Tag	Tag	PROPN	Team	PROPN	 Team
One of the issues covers had a picture of Ash Williams (played by Bruce Campbell in the films)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The " tail " is only possessed by the male and is an extension of the cloaca and used to	to	PART	inseminate	VERB	 inseminate
Guide and shuttle services are also available. Fishing is popular in the park. Some of the finest fly	fly	NOUN	fishing	NOUN	 fishing
The stadium was originally named Seahawks Stadium. The name was changed to Qwest Field in June 2004 after the	the	DET	telecommunications	NOUN	 telecommunications
By 1530 UTC on September 15, forecasters predicted that the hurricane would hit North Carolina in 12 hours and	and	CCONJ	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Gebirgsjäger Regiment) and the headquarters of the 3rd Mountain Division (3. Gebirgs Division) to seize Narvik	Narvik	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
There are a few surviving examples of books printed in the late Song Dynasty using movable type printing. This	This	PRON	includes	VERB	 includes
Though Stelmach pledged not to do anything to curb the development of the oilsands, he did promise to review	review	VERB	royalty	NOUN	 royalty
Secondly, they were " pictorial ", placing the action on spectacular and elaborate sets (requiring lengthy pauses	pauses	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
George Takei as Hikaru Sulu, the Enterprise's helmsman. In his autobiography, Takei described the film's	's	PART	shooting	NOUN	 shooting
The use of steamboats along the river, beginning with the British Beaver in 1836 and followed by American vessels	vessels	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Before the end of the eighteenth century, man did not exist any more than the potency of life,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The ventral tegmental area (VTA) is another midbrain area. The most prominent group of VTA dopaminergic neurons	neurons	NOUN	projects	NOUN	 projects
This allows for comparisons to be made between known areas of bog turtle success and potential areas of future habitation	habitation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Martin Simons states that Locke " suggested, both by implication and explicitly, that a boy's education	education	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
Highway 400 had been completed to Jane Street in 1966 (alongside the expansion of Highway 401) but plans	plans	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Times Picayune editor, Keith Spera, felt that the singer " lofted " the song in its live	live	ADJ	renditions	NOUN	 renditions
In addition to carrying construction materials for the reservoir and pumping station it also provided passenger services. Later the	the	DET	railway	NOUN	 railway
In the battle of American Kong versus Japanese Kong on April 30 at Limit Break. At the promotion's	's	PART	ninth	ADJ	 ninth
Intellectuals regularly found themselves in the Marshalsea. The playwright Ben Jonson, a friend of Shakespeare, was jailed	jailed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Zafimaniry communities of the central highland montane forests are the only Malagasy ethnic group who have preserved the island	island	NOUN	's	PART	's
Bethesda stressed that there was no nudity in their game without a modification, that the company " didn't	n't	PART	create	VERB	 create
There is heavy competition between foot and bus traffic on Oxford Street, which is the main east west bus	bus	PROPN	corridor	NOUN	 corridor
The event later became known as " The Day the Music Died ", after singer songwriter Don McLean so	so	ADV	referred	VERB	 referred
She then returned to Gibraltar and escorted the aircraft carriers Argus and Ark Royal during Operations Coat and White in	in	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Sugar composed the music for all four, and wrote the lyrics (Sanchez co wrote the lyrics for "	"	PUNCT	Oh	INTJ	 Oh
Sebastian Vettel expressed satisfaction with his car, saying that he had hoped to be able to catch Hamilton towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was certified double platinum by the Productores de Música de España (PROMUSICAE), indicating sales of 80,000	80,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
In a change of plans, Taylor was asked during a call on September 3, 1938, leave to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
The highway links Lake Cle Elum to Roslyn, Cle Elum and SR 970, which provides access to Interstate	Interstate	PROPN	90	NUM	 90
Before she and Tony depart, the new Mossad director, Orli Elbaz (Marina Sirtis), arrives in	in	ADP	hopes	NOUN	 hopes
Murasaki would have distributed newly written chapters of Genji to friends who in turn would have re copied them and	and	CCONJ	passed	VERB	 passed
" We broke up in ' 82 because we decided we better just back out or we would ruin what	what	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The front part of the skull (rostrum) is heavily built. The species is named after the collector	collector	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
When a photo of Grable is found, the agents discover that he is Roland's identical twin brother.	.	PUNCT	Speaking	VERB	 Speaking
The station was taken into use on 24 November 1997, but not officially opened until 4 January 1998.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The 89th Military Police Group was constituted in the Regular Army on 19 February 1966 and activated on 15 March	March	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
However, in spite of his belief that free will can be turned to evil, Augustine maintained that it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Preceding this in June 2007, the network announced their intention to show National Nine News on WIN WA,	,	PUNCT	due	ADP	 due
Because of their long association with humans, cockroaches are frequently referred to in popular culture. In Western culture	culture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There are four types of highways maintained by MDOT as part of the overall State Trunkline Highway System. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Repeated iterations of the algorithm, using the output of the function (<formula>) as the input	input	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is one primary school, but the nearest high schools are in Dingwall and Alness. It has one	one	NUM	convenience	NOUN	 convenience
Before the end of the year, the V Squadron was once again transferred to the Baltic. Prince Heinrich	Heinrich	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Straley stated that the audio is vital to some scenes in the game; " It's more about the	the	DET	psychology	NOUN	 psychology
The defendants received sentences ranging from four years to ten years imprisonment, although only five defendants were in court	court	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" Ono became pregnant in 1968 and miscarried a male child they named John Ono Lennon II on 21 November	November	PROPN	1968	NUM	 1968
" Larry Flick from The Advocate felt that " American Life is an album that is among her most adventurous	adventurous	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
When Mega Man regains consciousness in Dr. Light's lab, his creator informs him that he must have been	been	AUX	rescued	VERB	 rescued
" " Cocktails " included recurring guest star Michael Patrick McGill as Kenny Anderson, who called working on The	The	DET	Office	PROPN	 Office
A slight shift in the wind allowed Leissègues to adjust his direction to the southwest, but the close presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though admitted to graduate standing at Johns Hopkins University in 1928, she was forced to remain at the Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
A 10th century Arab Muslim writer named Ahmad ibn Fadlan produced a description of a funeral of a Scandinavian,	,	PUNCT	probably	ADV	 probably
The High Seas Fleet was interned there under the terms of the Armistice whilst negotiations took place over the fate	fate	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Starting with activity in the Coastal Cordillera during the Jurassic (La Negra formation), this has caused spatially	spatially	ADV	complex	ADJ	 complex
One of the most common complaints about his playing style was that he jumped from category to category, a	a	DET	strategy	NOUN	 strategy
The shielding allows for a wide field of view while at the same time protecting against firebombs and rock throwing	throwing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" I mean, it's great to thrash and pound, cut yourself up, scream and have fun	fun	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He takes her up to Jordan's hotel room but as they enter, Emma sees that it is completely	completely	ADV	empty	ADJ	 empty
Groves came fourth in his class, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the United States Army Corps	Corps	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Wings for My Flight was generally well received. In 1991, the book received the Oregon Book Award for	for	ADP	literary	ADJ	 literary
On 31 December, the cruiser struck a mine in the Lingayen Gulf while supporting Japanese forces during the Philippines	Philippines	PROPN	Campaign	PROPN	 Campaign
A rotating guard of honour of four Canadiens stood around the casket which was covered in flowers including a large	large	ADJ	wreath	NOUN	 wreath
The Ratan Behari temple located near the Junagarh Fort, was built in 1846 by the 18th ruler of Bikaner	Bikaner	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He had served in the British Army 39th Foot, which brought him to Ireland. After retiring from the	the	DET	army	NOUN	 army
In a letter to his close friend Tommaso Persico, Donizetti expressed his desire to give the title role to	to	ADP	Juliette	PROPN	 Juliette
He appeared once for the MCC in first class cricket in each of the 1887, 1888, 1889 and	and	CCONJ	1890	NUM	 1890
Kahn proposed a structure within a structure, monumental " pylons of Jerusalem stone on each side enclosing four huge	huge	ADJ	central	ADJ	 central
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to twenty four trains	trains	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
The character sketches are strong and the characters are inspiring but not patronizing. The script, the story and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The following day she was attacked by nine Fairey Swordfish torpedo bombers of 816 Squadron from the aircraft carrier HMS	HMS	PROPN	Furious	PROPN	 Furious
A song on Duets: The Final Chapter titled " Whatchu Want (The Commission) " featuring Jay Z	Z	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
When part of the foundations for the complex were dug in 1977, an archaeological investigation uncovered prehistoric artifacts,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The aircrew of two of the British B 24 Liberators that sank German submarines during this period included Australian personnel	personnel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Once the structures were modeled individually, they were all imported into a custom editor, called D3Edit, so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Hamurabi is a text based strategy video game centered on resource management in which the player, identified in the	the	DET	text	NOUN	 text
Postman claimed that Sesame Street also introduced children to a shallow pop culture, undermined American education, and relieved	relieved	ADJ	parents	NOUN	 parents
In 1991 the University of Art and Design Helsinki founded the Institute of Design Leadership and Management and established an	an	DET	international	ADJ	 international
Ignoring Victorian and Edwardian grammar and structure, he created a unique form of speech, employing odd and strange	strange	ADJ	words	NOUN	 words
After regaining their power, the high priests at the temple of Amun in Thebes accumulated vast tracts of land	land	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Crush received generally positive reviews, with aggregate scores of 83 out of 100 from Metacritic and 82% from	from	ADP	Game	PROPN	 Game
Historian Andrew Saunders has described the castle as architecturally significant, being " the earliest example of a purpose built	built	VERB	gaol	NOUN	 gaol
This washed out drawn match was the only time in six Shield matches during the season that Victoria did not	not	PART	emerge	VERB	 emerge
According to historian James Westfall Thompson, Jerome “ strongly inveighed against this method of destroying the sense of a	a	DET	pagan	PROPN	 pagan
- Letter from Lieutenant J.F. Girardot, 43rd Light Infantry, to his father, 1 March 1852. The	The	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The icy caverns featured in the episode were constructed inside a warehouse which had previously been used for cold storage	storage	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Named after the acid test for gold, it was developed in the spirit of Acid1, a relatively narrow	narrow	ADJ	test	NOUN	 test
Paul Jacobi was ultimately allotted to France in early 1946 and renamed Desaix. She became operational later that year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Three games remained in the regular season and the Naps were a half game behind the Detroit Tigers as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Memorial Parkway so that travelers using the Continental Divide Snowmobile Trail could traverse between Bridger Teton National Forest and Yellowstone	Yellowstone	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
" He increased the pressure by sending his inspector general to confront Burnside, who reacted indignantly: " McClellan	McClellan	PROPN	appears	VERB	 appears
There were ominous signs: Japanese surface patrols had been stepped up in the Subic Bay area, and there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
In addition, the persistent flower parts on B. epica's fruiting structures are curled and point upwards, whereas	whereas	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He was born at Basileion in Galatia to Basil and Theophano Galaton, members of the Byzantine nobility who supported	supported	VERB	the	DET	 the
At 5: 40 they opened fire again on the German battlecruisers. The setting sun blinded the German gunners	gunners	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On March 24, Zahorchak's proposal for district wide reform will be put before the Allentown School Board.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Debate about how to use the slough and its watershed continued through the rest of the century. In 1964	1964	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During the Henderson's seventh troop transport voyage to France there was a fire on board on July 2,	,	PUNCT	1918	NUM	 1918
He was aware of the symbolic value of an Irish winner so soon after Ireland had gained independence, and	and	CCONJ	sought	VERB	 sought
In February, he led a much larger operation that captured Kufra. After the battle, he had his	his	PRON	men	NOUN	 men
A Video Game Symphony video game music concerts in 2006, presenting the main theme, Frog's Theme,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Live, Madness have collaborated with artists such as UB40 and Prince Buster, notably at their first Madstock concert	concert	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the real world, it is revealed that Barreiro, a fellow comatose patient, has had his life	life	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
The ships ' complement was 145 officers and ratings. They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines,	,	PUNCT	each	PRON	 each
From Christine de Pizan to the present, women have looked to Joan as a positive example of a brave	brave	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2003 it was ranked number 99 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all	all	DET	time	NOUN	 time
" Teika and Go Toba would have a close and productive relationship; Teika would be favored in such ways	ways	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Subcosta (Sc) – second longitudinal vein, unbranched. Radius (R) – third longitudinal vein,	,	PUNCT	branched	VERB	 branched
Greenland was so impressed with the story that, without Clarke's knowledge, he sent an excerpt to his	his	PRON	friend	NOUN	 friend
No candidate gained more than half of the votes in the first round, while in the second round of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
His characters are revealed through their responses or a slight turn of phrase along the lines of the Norwegian Jonas	Jonas	PROPN	Lie	PROPN	 Lie
In May 1991, the Croatian National Guard (ZNG), subsequently renamed the Croatian Army (HV)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The latter photograph has been uncritically accepted by many historians as documentation of the actual event, although a closer	closer	ADJ	examination	NOUN	 examination
Comics studies courses have proliferated at Japanese universities, and Japan Society for Studies in Cartoon and Comics was established	established	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The game was published, however, resulting in the young developer's entry into the video game industry.	.	PUNCT	Revolution	PROPN	 Revolution
For the long finned pilot whale, females reach maturity at around eight years and males at around 12 years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It condemned the violence that resulted after the arrest that forced thousands of migrant workers to uproot themselves from various	various	ADJ	parts	NOUN	 parts
The keys and time signatures are taken from the book on all cantatas by the Bach scholar Alfred Dürr,	,	PUNCT	using	VERB	 using
Such struggles are not uncommon in priesthood. But after he resists the church boundaries and attempts to help Linda	Linda	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the Reko, Carlson learned that the local Christian mission had recently been raided by Japanese troops who had	had	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
Both parts earned high ratings, with Part 1 breaking the record for a pilot episode with 18.6 million viewers	viewers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
About a year later, Mugabe deployed the North Korean trained 5 Brigade to Matabeleland, ZAPU's heartland,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
UGO Networks listed Sam Witwer's performance as Starkiller as one of their top 11 celebrity voice actors in video	video	NOUN	games	NOUN	 games
Zahir appointed his eldest son Salibi as the multazim of Tiberias. Salibi was killed in 1773 fighting alongside Ali	Ali	PROPN	Bey	PROPN	 Bey
NCMPs do not represent any constituency and are thus denied of opportunities to expand their influence. During the 2010	2010	NUM	debates	NOUN	 debates
While negotiations with the Pakistani air controllers drag on, the negotiators slowly lose control of the situation, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
This method resembles the Ancient Greek practice of placing an obolus in the corpse's mouth to pay the toll	toll	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Dawson's Creek star Kerr Smith was cast as jock Carter Horton. Smith identified Carter as " your typical	typical	ADJ	high	ADJ	 high
Happily reunited to his family, Rip looks forward to his declining years with a spirit born of peace and	and	CCONJ	solace	NOUN	 solace
Infinity on High has been compared to the work of pop punk bands such as Green Day, with Ann	Ann	PROPN	Powers	PROPN	 Powers
Making good on his threat, from 12 April to 14 April, Mladić ordered his forces to surround 150	150	NUM	UNPROFOR	NOUN	 UNPROFOR
People of African and Native American heritage were even smaller in number (15,300), and make up just	just	ADV	0.1	NUM	 0.1
Initially, state and county officials anticipated building a freeway for the expressway south of Army Trail Road, similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Divers provided the astronauts with Biological Isolation Garments (BIGs) which were worn until they reached isolation facilities on	on	ADP	board	NOUN	 board
" In Arsenic and Old Lace (1944), a gravestone is seen bearing the name Archie Leach.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
At one of the churches ' conventions in Clinton, Iowa, in 1884, the Danish farmer Rasmus Hansen	Hansen	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Despite this, and at Godley's urging, a further attack was planned for 12 October, this time	time	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
The following day, the depression intensified into a tropical storm at 0600 UTC. The tropical storm made landfall	landfall	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The magical power of words extended to the written word. Hieroglyphic script was held to have been invented by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a married man, he could no longer stay enrolled at Pembroke and collect his scholarship money when his	his	PRON	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
At the opening of the game, Ondore appears to have yielded to Archadian rule, though he secretly supports	supports	VERB	the	DET	 the
These defences were accessed by a wall walk known as a chemin de ronde. In the opinion of historian	historian	NOUN	Hugh	PROPN	 Hugh
The press and the directors ' VIP area are situated in the centre of the middle tier. The upper	upper	ADJ	tiers	NOUN	 tiers
" She as well notes that he is " endearing and smart. " Variety calls Phineas's adventures "	"	PUNCT	spectacular	ADJ	 spectacular
In " Nothing to My Name " and other songs, he intentionally altered the sounds of traditional Chinese musical	musical	ADJ	instruments	NOUN	 instruments
The depression initially moved to the southeast, but later recurved towards the northwest over the next two days.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
To address the variability of the fuel economy outcome depending on miles driven between charges, EPA also included in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shortly after peaking in intensity, the eye of Hurricane Howard gradually became larger, resulting in a slight weakening	weakening	NOUN	trend	NOUN	 trend
Interstellar space then continues to the edges of the galaxy, where it fades into the intergalactic void. Geospace	Geospace	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Contemporary theatre culture in Karnataka remains vibrant with organisations like Ninasam, Ranga Shankara, Rangayana and Prabhat Kalavidaru continuing	continuing	VERB	to	PART	 to
Instead of simply renewing the agreement, Gossard executives decided to negotiate better terms with Sara Lee. Soon after	after	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Confident that the results of the 1795 election would be reversed, Benjamin Logan was the first to declare his	his	PRON	candidacy	NOUN	 candidacy
On his first attempt to locate the cruiser, Cutler, who did not have a compass, got lost	lost	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Walt Disney Productions first began exploring a possible live action / animation biography film of author and poet Hans Christian	Christian	PROPN	Andersen	PROPN	 Andersen
Mustafa beg responded by bringing more than 10,000 soldiers under the fortress. General Ivan Lenković, leading 1,000 Uskoci	Uskoci	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Domesticated horses with leopard complex spotting patterns have been depicted in art dating as far back as Ancient Greece,	,	PUNCT	Ancient	PROPN	 Ancient
I want to help make a difference. " West's Memphis stint was not as spectacular as his Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
In " Torn and Frayed, " as his penance, Castiel has turned back on his " angel radio	radio	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Iran is ranked among the world's 15 major mineral rich countries. Although the petroleum industry provides the majority	majority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The killings were extensively covered by German media leading to forming of a public opinion in support of Croatia.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Here, the route is known as the Admiral John D. Bulkeley Memorial Highway, named after Vice Admiral John	John	PROPN	D.	PROPN	 D.
Padukone has also been involved with the Olympic Gold Quest team, established by her father and Geet Sethi to	to	PART	support	VERB	 support
When the request was rejected by a judge, Seattle sued Bennett's group to enforce the lease that required	required	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was born in Birmingham, and moved to London in 1889 to study at Trinity College of Music.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
On 13 October 2014, Morrison received his fifth BMI Million Air Award for 11 million radio plays of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Undrafted out of college, he signed with the Los Angeles Kings as a free agent. He spent four	four	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
It comprises two segments, a 5.15 mile (8.29 km) freeway in Middlesex County linking Interstate 287 and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It is not a high energy breed, and enjoys the company of family members, being primarily a lapdog	lapdog	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Her widowed mother moved in with director Roy Battersby when Beckinsale was nine and she was brought up alongside	alongside	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The concrete channel in this area is small and undersized for major floods, which caused it to overflow in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Hoochie Coochie Man " represents Waters ' recording transition from an electrified, but more traditional Delta based blues	blues	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After media attention, council issued a statement labelling it a slip hazard and requested a permit be obtained before	before	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The 1996 expedition controversially attempted to raise a section of Titanic itself, a section of the outer hull that	that	PRON	originally	ADV	 originally
He is nicknamed " Zeke " by Sawyer in " The Hunting Party ", which led to some critics	critics	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
Afterward, the Poles went on to invade Galicia, with some success, but the offensive quickly stalled with	with	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Another bridge was built over the creek in 1930. It is a concrete arch bridge that is 60.0 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
This is the home of the headquarters for Commander, United States Naval Forces Central Command (COMUSNAVCENT) /	/	SYM	United	PROPN	 United
The song was inspired by a retired film director who lived in the small town near San Diego where Chris	Chris	PROPN	Hillman	PROPN	 Hillman
The gravestones were originally topped with a sculptural evocation of the V shaped Serbian military cap, or šajkača.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
A series of Acts of Parliament were passed, including the Regulating Act of 1773, Pitt's India Act	Act	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
As with previous titles in the series, players have the opportunity to develop and improve their characters by defeating	defeating	VERB	enemies	NOUN	 enemies
There exists strong evidence that RIRP holds tightly among emerging markets in Asia and also Japan. The half life	life	NOUN	period	NOUN	 period
In the South Tower, one stairwell, Stairwell A, was left intact after Flight 175 hit, allowing	allowing	VERB	14	NUM	 14
Jackson complained: " never was there such a chance for cavalry! Oh that my cavalry were in place	place	NOUN	!	PUNCT	!
Stefani's clothing also took influence from Japanese fashion, in a style described as a combination between Christian Dior	Dior	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Astronomers had considered the " law " a meaningless coincidence, but Uranus fell at very nearly the exact distance	distance	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
Valérian has also been nominated for a Haxtur Award in 1995 for The Circles of Power and for a Harvey	Harvey	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
Except where prefixed with a letter, postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964, based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The team upsized the graphic textures as they changed the graphical software to support NVIDIA graphics cards. Within a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
The DS version was released on May 22 in North America, July 25 in Europe, and on August	August	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
" Bitch I'm Madonna " has musical elements from DJ Snake and Lil Jon's " Turn Down for	for	ADP	What	PRON	 What
When horses graze under natural conditions, they may spend up to 18 hours per day doing so. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Americans, in contrast, suffered only 8 killed and 22 wounded. Gardner was criticized by Prevost for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bootleg sold several tens of thousands of copies, orders of magnitude more than a typical classical or opera	opera	NOUN	bootleg	NOUN	 bootleg
In the episode " Requiem ", Oliver takes controlling interest in LuthorCorp after Tess Mercer (Cassidy Freeman)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
However, some critics believe that Swift used the incident to " enlarge the affair into another example of English	English	ADJ	oppression	NOUN	 oppression
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) filed two formal objections to the road. In response,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In Re Hay's ST, Megarry VC said that: A mere power is very different [from an	an	DET	ordinary	ADJ	 ordinary
However, even if the direction of selection does reverse in this way, traits that were lost in the	the	DET	past	NOUN	 past
The song was nominated for the Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2003 Grammy Awards. Two variations of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Voltaire may have been present at his funeral. A bachelor, he had divested much of his estate to	to	ADP	relatives	NOUN	 relatives
Revelations from software produced by Virgil Griffith in 2007 called WikiScanner made public the nature of edits on Wikipedia which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
She was commissioned on 24 November 1940. After a very brief work up, the Fairey Albacore torpedo bombers	bombers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Towards the end of this phase of work the castle was altered in a frantic burst of work, possibly	possibly	ADV	driven	VERB	 driven
In Ondekoza and in the early performances of Kodo, women performed only dance routines either during or between taiko	taiko	ADJ	performances	NOUN	 performances
After repairs, she joined Task Group 51 under Rear Admiral Harry W. Hill for an attack on Darrit,	,	PUNCT	steaming	VERB	 steaming
Feeling empowered again, Leslie asks Jerry to quickly paint another, similar painting, only this time with Tom	Tom	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
" Flight attendant Sandra Bradshaw called her husband at 09: 50: 04 and told him she was preparing	preparing	VERB	scalding	VERB	 scalding
Though immunity is a concern for transplant recipients, Ritvo remains healthy even though surrounded by horses, dogs,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He sent a Roman centurion by the name of Casperius to the camp of Vologases I in Nisibis located 37	37	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Later, while being prepared for transfer to maximum security, Michael escapes Smith's Grove, killing the sanitarium	sanitarium	NOUN	employees	NOUN	 employees
The song became a staple of dance clubs and discothèques during the late 1970s. " After the Dance "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The scene was so bloody it made Cranston's daughter faint during a screening. A major theme of "	"	PUNCT	Box	PROPN	 Box
Cornet Francis Geary, the leader of a company of dragoons, was shot in an ambush set up by	by	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
Metcalfe observed that Mercedes is " completely mad " and she " just does whatever she feels like doing at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In order to be able to run for office, a candidate must be a Belarusian citizen by birth that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The remixed version charted at sixty five on the Billboard Hot 100, and topped the Hot Dance Club Songs	Songs	PROPN	chart	NOUN	 chart
The Vikings exerted great influence over Lincolnshire in the 9th and 10th centuries, as can be seen in the	the	DET	many	ADJ	 many
Butler also wondered " if they feel their show served its purpose ". The first episode of the series	series	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Paleontologist Jack Horner supervised the designs, to help fulfill Spielberg's desire to portray the dinosaurs as animals rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
This offer was declined and Bourgeois bequeathed the collection to his old school, Dulwich College, on his death	death	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He claimed in 2006 that he had simply lost his appetite for Test cricket and the stress became too much	much	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Between 1350 and 1500 an average of 50 fulling mills were operational. The reduced number was due to the	the	DET	unsettled	ADJ	 unsettled
At 10: 55, the Ottoman cruiser Mecidiye spotted the Greeks, and the fleet turned south to engage	engage	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone gave a positive review to the song, describing it as West's best single	single	ADJ	since	SCONJ	 since
The large Poitevin mares became rarer, due to large amounts of crossbreeding and a lack of care shown towards	towards	ADP	breeding	VERB	 breeding
The fourth song is " Breakin ' Dishes "; Peter Robinson of The Observer called it a " wronged	wronged	VERB	woman	NOUN	 woman
" In his report, Lord Fraser set out a number of recommendations stemming from the inquiry. Primarily,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" The Queensland press, still in the wake of the massacre, suggested that Wills, " now a	a	DET	Queenslander	PROPN	 Queenslander
Amongst the brought in pieces in the house are two South German reliefs, " The Martyrdoms of St Catherine	Catherine	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Speedy then underwent another refit, this time at Deptford between June and December 1792, at a cost of	of	ADP	£	SYM	 £
Males emerge first, mate with the females, and cut exit holes through the walls of the fig.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Characterized by white washed tombs and sandy graves, the cemetery is located within the Medina on land adjacent to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gordon Stein also noted that the gap between the two balconies was only four feet making passing between them entirely	entirely	ADV	feasible	ADJ	 feasible
Possibly descended from the Irish Hobby horse, it originally lived a mainly feral existence in the peat bogs of	of	ADP	what	PRON	 what
Most of the book is devoted to pesticides ' effects on natural ecosystems, but four chapters also detail cases	cases	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The novel was adapted as a comic strip that was published in the Daily Express newspaper and syndicated worldwide.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The trailers were omitted from Death Proof, with the exception of Machete which was from Planet Terror. Death	Death	NOUN	Proof	PROPN	 Proof
Because Eris appeared to be larger than Pluto, NASA initially described it as the Solar System's tenth planet	planet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The remarkable find during this period was of pits which were inferred as dwelling units; these were in circular	circular	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
When queried by an interviewer about the reveal of Chad's sexuality, Divins said the show would include clear	clear	ADJ	representations	NOUN	 representations
Then 52 years old, Gascoyne had started life as a Houndsditch brewer before he married the daughter of a	a	DET	wealthy	ADJ	 wealthy
On 23 September 1943, two British X class midget submarines penetrated the defences around the battleship's main anchorage	anchorage	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Holly, a neighbour of Laine's, joined Wings in time to appear in the promotional video for London	London	PROPN	Town	PROPN	 Town
The album debuted at number 1 in the UK on 7 December 1968. It spent seven weeks at the	the	DET	top	NOUN	 top
The director worked 17 to 18 hours a day, seven days a week, for much of the schedule	schedule	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each of the censors reversed their positions: those who had previously seen the breast now did not, and	and	CCONJ	those	PRON	 those
In an interview with Owen Myers of Popjustice, Jesy Nelson said the music video will be continued on their	their	PRON	2013	NUM	 2013
Rights and wrongs aside, Meintjes asserts, Kruger is the central figure of Boer history and one of the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
She accused him of physically abusing her from the time of her first pregnancy, beating his first child only	only	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
In an unusual move, Boston College athletic director Gene DeFillippo announced that if Jagodzinski went ahead with an interview	interview	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In November 1677, Anne's elder sister, Mary, married their Dutch first cousin, William of Orange	Orange	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The player targets enemies by pressing the pound key and then pressing " 5 " repeatedly, which also leaves	leaves	VERB	the	DET	 the
Soon after, Wander goes on to defeat the final colossus as Emon's company arrives in the Shrine of	of	ADP	Worship	PROPN	 Worship
During the 1988 presidential election, Kennedy supported the eventual Democratic nominee, Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis, from the	the	DET	start	NOUN	 start
It is revealed at the end that Surya successfully installed Guru Govind Patel as the Prime Minister of India.	.	PUNCT	Surya	PROPN	 Surya
Two large lakes, called meres, were formed alongside the castle by damming a local stream. The southern	southern	ADJ	mere	ADJ	 mere
" The animators also found it difficult to draw Mr Burns happy. Kramer stated that Burns was " designed	designed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Oxford were coached by Tom Cottingham Edwards Moss (who rowed for the Dark Blues four times between the 1875	1875	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Stern said, " This music does absolutely nothing for me. Alvin and the Chipmunks have more soul...	...	PUNCT	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
With prices more unstable since 2007, by February 2013, he had had to write 14 such letters to	to	ADP	chancellors	NOUN	 chancellors
Many authors have referred to as many as 28,000 Confederate casualties, and Busey and Martin's more recent 2005	2005	NUM	work	NOUN	 work
I had been through the shadows. I had been through the enclosures and come out into the open.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This makes the Milky Way difficult to see from any brightly lit urban or suburban location, but very prominent	prominent	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
She later wrote that at the age of 15 she ran away to join a funfair, and then lived	lived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When the PDPA ruled Afghanistan, their relationship was referred to as a disciple (Amin) following his mentor	mentor	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" On hearing of Mickiewicz's death, his fellow bard Krasiński wrote: " For men of my generation	generation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The company was established in May 1991 as Bungie Software Products Corporation by University of Chicago undergraduate student Alex Seropian	Seropian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The following two weeks, Gourcuff scored his fifth and sixth goals, respectively, against Nantes in a 2	2	NUM	–	SYM	 –
The next day, the last act of his reign was the royal assent to His Majesty's Declaration of	of	ADP	Abdication	PROPN	 Abdication
Kingdom Hearts Collector's Pack: HD 1.5 + 2.5 Remix: The Collector's pack features both Kingdom Hearts	Hearts	PROPN	HD	PROPN	 HD
In Afton village, NY 41 connects to I 88 by way of an eastward extension of Maple Avenue.	.	PUNCT	NY	NOUN	 NY
Barber had prepared three versions of the design, each with clouds over the eagle; Leech approved one on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
In addition, winners had their names appear in the game's credits and received a free copy of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The elevation near the mouth of Hunlock Creek is 512 feet (156 m) above sea level. The	The	DET	elevation	NOUN	 elevation
Shortly after the launch of the game, a group of former Team Bondi employees launched a website called lanoirecredits.com	lanoirecredits.com	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Like a train ride you couldn't stop. " In a limousine on the way to the airport Moon	Moon	PROPN	insisted	VERB	 insisted
A 2014 paper derives an angular diameter of 42.28 mas (equivalent to a 41.01 mas uniform disc) using	using	VERB	H	PROPN	 H
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 12 May 1903. The ship was 105 meters (344	344	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
To raise the money for the $3.7 million admission tax, Glickman associated himself to real estate magnates Bob	Bob	PROPN	Schmertz	PROPN	 Schmertz
Early on August 2, a well defined tropical wave, although accompanied with disorganized convection, exited the west	west	PROPN	coast	NOUN	 coast
This practice was ended by the Treason Act 1695, passed during the reign of King William III. The	The	DET	Act	PROPN	 Act
Barber, who had been Chief Engraver since 1879, felt that Saint Gaudens overstated the case, and there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
President Kennedy issued a disaster declaration for Texas, allowing all jurisdictions in the state to apply for public assistance	assistance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These points are calculated as the sum of card values in baza, bonus points for declarations and the final	final	ADJ	trick	NOUN	 trick
Fox, which was already contacted by Gordon in 1987, received $1 million of the gross — the	the	DET	Watchmen	PROPN	 Watchmen
A few days later, the monitor was transferred to Washington, D. C. and used to temporarily incarcerate some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
When the Forest Law was repealed, the " small greyhounds " became immensely popular. Whippets were then commonly	commonly	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Heather Phares of AllMusic felt that while Give Up did not measure up to either Gibbard or Tamborello's main	main	ADJ	projects	NOUN	 projects
Designed as an air superiority day fighter, it evolved into a successful all weather multirole aircraft. Over 4,500	4,500	NUM	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Tim Sendra of AllMusic said it was one of the tracks from Doo Wops & Hooligans that captured the laid	laid	VERB	back	NOUN	 back
Many mobile spin offs are related to Persona 3: there is an RPG side story titled Persona 3 Em	Em	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The New York Supreme Court dismissed both the lawsuit and a countersuit by Gaga. In addition to such strife	strife	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These may include Auspitz's sign (pinpoint bleeding when scale is removed), Koebner phenomenon (psoriatic skin	skin	NOUN	lesions	NOUN	 lesions
Credits for Heat, adapted from the CD liner notes: Executive producer - Beyoncé Knowles, Moe Cohen Vocals	Vocals	PROPN	-	PUNCT	 -
He then opens his old Christmas present (a flotation device) and putting it in a pool. A	A	DET	furious	ADJ	 furious
Gold was also discovered in Lytle Creek in that same year. Following the gold rush, the cultivation of	of	ADP	citrus	NOUN	 citrus
Written by Blu Sanders, Natalie Hemby, and Lindsay Chapman, and produced by Dann Huff, it features	features	VERB	country	NOUN	 country
Chicago Options Associates is a finance company incorporated in Chicago, Illinois which specializes in trading options and futures contracts	contracts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two and a half stars out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
At the same time an analysis by Robert Stevick suggests that the designs for both covers were intended to follow	follow	VERB	a	DET	 a
Soon after Flocke was rescued in January, the city secured branding rights to her name. An official logo	logo	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
His father accepted a position as professor and director of the Institute of Physiology at the University of Kiel in	in	ADP	1912	NUM	 1912
More recently Francesca Tinti has arrived at a different conclusion, arguing instead that Hemming's work, more so	so	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The legal burden, on the other hand, would be on the Respondent to prove beyond a reasonable doubt	doubt	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The firm was first rocked by scandal on May 12, 1986, when Dennis Levine, a Drexel managing	managing	VERB	director	NOUN	 director
In the flood's wake, the U.S. Congress passed the Flood Control Act of 1968, which provided funding	funding	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Americans Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on July 20, 1969, at 20: 18 UTC. Armstrong	Armstrong	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Hartlaub's unusual spelling of its specific epithet as two words led some to spell the name emini or emini	emini	NOUN	bey	NOUN	 bey
Governor Oliver P. Morton, a major supporter of President Abraham Lincoln, quickly made Indianapolis a gathering place to	to	PART	organize	VERB	 organize
Participants included Joe Rohde from Walt Disney Imagineering and scientists from Conservation International and Disney's Animal Kingdom. The	The	DET	expeditions	NOUN	 expeditions
In the first round, two Crimson Tide players were selected: Mosley (17th Baltimore Ravens) and Clinton	Clinton	PROPN	Dix	PROPN	 Dix
On May 21, 2012 he was sentenced to 10 years in prison, including the length of his detention	detention	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The engines proved to be more powerful than anticipated and Swiftsure exceeded 20 knots (37 km / h;	;	PUNCT	23	NUM	 23
The case also clarified the level of constitutional scrutiny that should be applied to content based restrictions on speech.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The enzymes of the citric acid cycle are located in the mitochondrial matrix, with the exception of succinate dehydrogenase	dehydrogenase	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Waddle personally directed the maneuvers. According to Waddle, the DVs " were loving it. " Waddle adds	adds	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Since its original release on Bringing It All Back Home, live versions of the song have been issued on	on	ADP	The	DET	 The
He never contracted the illness, but was nevertheless removed from the crew and replaced by his backup, Jack	Jack	PROPN	Swigert	PROPN	 Swigert
As with humans, the symptoms are predominantly autonomic in nature alongside pain at the bite site. Dogs may	may	AUX	also	ADV	 also
These new villages had adopted an open field system in which fields were divided into small strips of land,	,	PUNCT	individually	ADV	 individually
The air was crowded with them, and the surface of the water covered. Large trouts sucked them in	in	ADP	as	SCONJ	 as
A Safe Area, Srebrenica: Europe's Worst Massacre Since the Second World War. London: Pocket Books	Books	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Travelers may also take jeepneys en route to Cabatuan, Calinog or Janiuay, all of which stop at Santa	Santa	PROPN	Barbara	PROPN	 Barbara
He defeated Yu Delu 4 – 1 in the last 16, and then defeated world number one Mark Selby	Selby	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
Ms. Jackson has a tremendous following inside the LGBT community and out, and having her stand with us against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 18th century was a time of significance with the founding of the Royal Academy, a classicism based on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In loose Polish parlance, the term " cipher " (" szyfr ") refers to both these two	two	NUM	principal	ADJ	 principal
Manning said the guards had begun issuing conflicting commands, such as " turn left, don't turn left	left	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Vincenzo Nibali was forced to unclip himself from his bike, but avoided crashing. The peloton was reduced to	to	ADP	around	ADV	 around
Both Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission have their headquarters at Belur Math. Vivekananda founded two other monasteries: one	one	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Trench warfare, shelling and sniping continued all month but there was no major attack. The regiment spent their	their	PRON	time	NOUN	 time
Middlesex County Council contributed 75% of the cost, as the urban district council argued that many of those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
Surface observations and ship reports suggested that it developed into Tropical Storm Debby on September 10, despite poor organization	organization	NOUN	evidenced	VERB	 evidenced
He fought for France in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars. He enlisted in 1781 and, in his 30	30	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
These drugs are characterized by fast action, high efficacy and good tolerance. They kill the asexual forms of	of	ADP	P.	PROPN	 P.
Yasutaka chops and stutters the absolute shit out of the post chorus sections in a way which cements his position	position	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The diagonal composition reinforces the off kilter motion of the six figures falling in progression. It is considered a	a	DET	masterwork	NOUN	 masterwork
Insects are noted for their nutrients, having a high content of protein, minerals and fats and are eaten	eaten	VERB	by	ADP	 by
European Open winner Stephen Maguire defeated Australian Robertson 5 – 3, while world number 48 Murphy beat McCulloch 5	5	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Cook enters the house through a window, but accidentally locks himself inside a wardrobe. After calling his friend	friend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The tribe amended their complaint, abandoning their request for injunctive relief and instead asking only for a declaratory judgment	judgment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Design producer Justin Vazquez said, " Hacking is really what separates her from the other characters... Our intention	intention	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In addition, reproduction through spore dispersal requires the spore to land in suitable conditions for generating a gametophyte,	,	PUNCT	typically	ADV	 typically
The team also failed to make the grid sometimes: Brundle failed to prequalify at the Canadian Grand Prix and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Seven flights out of Tokyo at Haneda airport were cancelled due to Maria. The JR Ito Line, an	an	DET	express	ADJ	 express
Terry Hayes's script, titled Return of the Apes, would have starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, under the direction	direction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The new American ships (the Colorado class battleships and Lexington class battlecruisers), took a qualitative step beyond	beyond	ADP	the	DET	 the
The band filmed a performance at the Hammersmith Odeon in June 1978, which was later released on DVD as	as	SCONJ	Never	ADV	 Never
In their triumph, they believe they have the power to create ' pure ' Islamic states in Egypt and	and	CCONJ	Algeria	PROPN	 Algeria
Students and alumni began to clamor for a return to football to allow wider intercollegiate competition. The pressure at	at	ADP	rival	ADJ	 rival
" His description of the Baker test and its aftermath brought to world attention the problem of radioactive fallout from	from	ADP	nuclear	ADJ	 nuclear
However, Kings County voters have shown little interest in passing any transportation taxes to fund these projects. Except	Except	SCONJ	where	SCONJ	 where
Based on his beliefs, he founded a civic organization in 1856, one of many others that were later	later	ADV	called	VERB	 called
The portion north of Table Rock in Niagara Falls is designated as an Ontario Scenic Highway. The Niagara Boulevard	Boulevard	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Other performers included Ariane Moffatt, Esmerine, Watson, Mario Légaré, Arthur H, Jérôme Minière and Brazilian	Brazilian	ADJ	born	VERB	 born
The 11th Airborne's next operation took place on 23 June in the province of Aparri in northern Luzon.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
The circulation in the system steadily expanded, and initially the surface winds and convection were intermittent. On July	July	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
After winning only three of their first ten matches of 2010 – 11, Foyle resigned as manager in September	September	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
An analysis of a number of North American cases, which ruled out the direct transmission of the virus between	between	ADP	any	PRON	 any
The moult usually takes place between January and March but young birds may lose their feathers a little later in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chen stood for election in Richmond in the October 2008 federal election, and for mayor of Richmond, British	British	PROPN	Columbia	PROPN	 Columbia
The unicorn has been winged to represent its travel in the air as " Airborne. " The blue background	background	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
There were disputes between al Tal and Abu Nuwar over leadership of the group. In April 1963, Abu	Abu	PROPN	Nuwar	PROPN	 Nuwar
That year, Amaker recorded 81 steals, second to Jim Spanarkel at that point in Duke history. He	He	PRON	set	VERB	 set
Hurricane Javier sharply turned towards the north and eventually towards the northwest. Early on August 24, Javier resumed	resumed	VERB	intensification	NOUN	 intensification
Having had numerous meetings with Tati over the course of a year, they were aware that, like other	other	ADJ	great	ADJ	 great
Anthony Anthony was not a trained, professional artist. The illustrations are described as " striking and boldly executed	executed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Hundreds of peasants were killed and whole villages were laid waste during the repression. After returning home in March	March	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Their way up to the inland plateau was via a labyrinthine glacier (later named the Reeves Glacier after the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
In hotter climates butterflies can easily overheat, so they are usually active only during the cooler parts of the	the	DET	day	NOUN	 day
At the end of the season, Wenger signed another three year extension to his Arsenal contract. He strengthened	strengthened	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ōkami was originally planned to be rendered in a more photorealistic 3D style. However, Clover Studio determined that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In an attempt to stave off defeat, John V appealed to the Pope for support offering submission to Rome	Rome	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The score is mostly low key, with the exception of the suspense and death scenes. It was performed	performed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
I loved animating her and was inspired by the way the Fleischers animated Olive Oyl. I couldn't animate	animate	VERB	a	DET	 a
He defeated Mark Henry via submission at Money in the Bank. At SummerSlam, Cena lost the WWE Championship	Championship	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Also, Penn State's tight end tandem, which struggled during non conference play, needed to improve,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
Grandaddy reformed in 2012 and have since made a number of live appearances. Grandaddy was formed in 1992 by	by	ADP	singer	NOUN	 singer
" Welcome Party " originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 12, 2012. The episode	episode	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The single platform underground station would have been close to the CCE & HR's platforms. The proposal was	was	AUX	presented	VERB	 presented
According to a story in The Wall Street Journal she had previously thought that if she ever appeared in Sports	Sports	PROPN	Illustrated	PROPN	 Illustrated
In April 1883 Tristan won a Queen's Plate at Epsom and then collected a second Epsom Gold Cup at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The University of Missouri Police Department patrols areas on and around the MU campus and has jurisdiction throughout the city	city	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2009, chairman Graham Wood unveiled plans to move to a new, purpose built 9,000 capacity ground on	on	ADP	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
Yoshino's family consists of a father, mother, older brother, and older sister. Saori Chiba (	(	PUNCT	千葉	PROPN	千葉
Singer and rapper Missy Elliott heard his material and began working with him. She and her R & B	B	PROPN	group	NOUN	 group
When growing these species together, U. inflata will grow rapidly in the presence of higher nutrients, which allows	allows	VERB	A.	NOUN	 A.
The heritage protection was made applicable from November 18, 1943. It is indexed in the Base Mérimée –	–	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The hotel was not accepting any reservations that extended past December 2, 2013. Hotel industry experts told the	the	DET	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Hull City will enter in the third qualifying round, in their first ever European campaign. The FA Cup	Cup	PROPN	final	ADJ	 final
The Ultimate Truth, states the text, is that which always is, which preserves its nature over time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, David Tom returned as Chip Diller after previously appearing in the second season. The episode was	was	AUX	watched	VERB	 watched
The spray often contains pungent smelling volatile metabolites, previously thought to be concentrated in the insect from its plant	plant	NOUN	food	NOUN	 food
Apart from them, the Lavradores (the farmers) and the Sargaceiros and Seareiros, who went to the	the	DET	sea	NOUN	 sea
Johnson shot the film primarily in Downtown Los Angeles despite the Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan setting of the film	film	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In their place came a number of communist officials, most prominently Włodzimierz Reczek, an erstwhile Politburo member,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
For an Airbus A320, a speed of just 20 knots (37 km / h) higher than normal	normal	ADJ	can	AUX	 can
The song " Showdown " was featured on In Silico as the opening track. It was the first single	single	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" This room was described as " impressively large " because of its 17 feet (5.2 m) high	high	ADJ	ceilings	NOUN	 ceilings
When the possibility of the city constructing a speed skating oval associated with the 2010 Winter Olympics came, Howard	Howard	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Reflux flows at the middle of the tower are called pumparounds. Changing the reflux (in combination with changes	changes	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Lacking a central theme for the project, the band used several experimental methods in an attempt to spur the	the	DET	creative	ADJ	 creative
" A " shot McCann once in the back; " A " went on to tell the inquest that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
In 2012, John Tobias said: " If you look at any other pop culture phenomenon — like if	if	SCONJ	you	PRON	 you
The family was massively wealthy with several other estates and stately homes; following the death of the 1st Earl	Earl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Officially counted as the first two episodes of the season, it figures as the 53rd and 54th overall episodes	episodes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The show was directed by Jean Claude Bragard — whose previous BBC work had included Kicking & Screaming – A	A	DET	History	NOUN	 History
Professional women's sports include the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association, winners of the 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The ZNG placed the JNA held Logorište barracks under a blockade as part of the countrywide Battle of the Barracks	Barracks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
If the Council does not approve these, then a " Conciliation Committee " is formed. The Committee is	is	AUX	composed	VERB	 composed
J.D.B. wrote a statement at the investigators request and then he was allowed to leave to catch the bus home	home	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files	Files	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The inquiry uncovered four irregularities in the regulation of civil aviation in Australia and the judge made four recommendations to	to	PART	deal	VERB	 deal
The jet dryer incident was described as " one of the most bizarre events " in the history of NASCAR	NASCAR	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Following chlordiazepoxide, diazepam marketed by Hoffmann – La Roche under the brand name Valium in 1963, and for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Lieder's assertions that the approach of Nibiru would cause the Earth's rotation to stop or its axis to	to	PART	shift	VERB	 shift
Following his return the difficulties continued to mount, and in 1867 he renounced his concession. The line was	was	AUX	eventually	ADV	 eventually
There were concerns from the producers that these would appear simply to be larger versions of the already known Vulcan	Vulcan	ADJ	ears	NOUN	 ears
The Bulls decided to not match the offer, and on July 24, Asik officially joined the Rockets.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Kneeling beside Phil is Bobby, his eyes wide with terror. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana	Dana	PROPN	Scully	PROPN	 Scully
Newly prestigious and influential after his victories in the Persian war, Galerius might have wished to compensate for a	a	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
Its standing has also improved among critics following an expanded edition release of the album on July 29, 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Buildings intentionally or unintentionally resembling the human penis are a source of amusement to locals and tourists in various places	places	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
IGN saw early screens and declared that Iridion was " aiming to set the standard [of what GBA shooters	shooters	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
Cochrane argues that those beings who lack personhood, including many nonhuman animals and some humans, do not have	have	VERB	an	DET	 an
The company dray horses, used for local beer deliveries, were retired by the end of the 1950s.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The committee soon abandoned the idea of an arch and proposed a large monumental memorial to the east of St	St	PROPN	Kilda	PROPN	 Kilda
Additionally, Stone was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Actress, but lost to Angela Bassett in Strange	Strange	PROPN	Days	PROPN	 Days
In general, December is the dullest month and June the sunniest. The south west of England enjoys a	a	DET	favoured	ADJ	 favoured
The teeth are all characterized by long transverse crests coupled with shorter ones. One of these crests, the	the	DET	anterotropid	NOUN	 anterotropid
For example, almost every place name in use can be traced back to the Vikings. The Norn language	language	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The cartoons are including, rather than excluding, Muslims. " The publication of the cartoons was also accompanied	accompanied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami said " There are a bunch of different theories about SpongeBob. You can't	n't	PART	dismiss	VERB	 dismiss
" LW12.2 skiers in this class have differences in between one limb and another. The IPC defined this para	para	ADJ	Alpine	PROPN	 Alpine
Both Biggs and his brother Selwyn played international rugby for Wales, though they never played together in the same	same	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
Meanwhile, in Saigon, the Bình Xuyên organised crime syndicate ruled much of the city through its gangster militia	militia	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The houses constructed for the people rendered homeless were prefabricated by the Ministry of Housing and then erected by the	the	DET	local	ADJ	 local
The corresponding transitions can be monitored via changes in electrical conductivity; they are rather reproducible and abrupt, and	and	CCONJ	are	AUX	 are
Blackmon structures his narrative around a young African American man named Green Cottenham; though the records of Cottenham's	's	PART	life	NOUN	 life
Related to his predecessor as well as to the German Emperor Henry VI, he was elected bishop on the	the	DET	urging	NOUN	 urging
The downloadable release was ultimately issued on December 6 at the price of US $9.99. According to IGN	IGN	PROPN	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
The WRA gave each person $25 ($329 today), one way train or bus fare,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The film was officially launched on 9 November 2011, at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad. S. Thaman was announced	announced	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Biran described him as having a fiery temper which could be triggered suddenly, yet quick to calm when the	the	DET	trigger	NOUN	 trigger
It is a cornerstone of Latin American literature: a work of creative non fiction that helped to define the	the	DET	parameters	NOUN	 parameters
The 1990s were the most successful decade for Nea Salamina. Apart from winning the cup, shield, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Prime Minister Manuel Valls dispatched Cazeneuve to the scene and set up a ministerial task force to coordinate the response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
They were then sorted by size. The rubble was crushed in a jaw crusher. Debris were mechanically separated	separated	VERB	according	VERB	 according
The tour earned a reported $126.2 million, an average of over $2 million per night, and	and	CCONJ	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
It also included guitarist Bobby Schneck, formerly of Slash's Blues Ball. Slash's Snakepit's music was	was	AUX	often	ADV	 often
On 1 January 1519, Zwingli gave his first sermon in Zurich. Deviating from the prevalent practice of basing	basing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Several Edo period manuscript copies of Choe's travel diary are also in Japan. Other works written by Choe	Choe	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
In 92 games (315 at bats) with Ottawa in 2006, Whiteside batted.244 with 77 hits, 11	11	NUM	home	NOUN	 home
All songs written and composed by Tomahawk. Mit Gas was released in the United States on May 6,	,	PUNCT	2003	NUM	 2003
Day Lewis rarely discusses his personal life. He had a relationship with French actress Isabelle Adjani, which lasted	lasted	VERB	six	NUM	 six
Seton Hall is one of three law schools in the state of New Jersey. Seton Hall Law was founded	founded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Macrinus ' predecessor Caracalla was murdered while traveling to visit a temple by Justin Martialus, a soldier who was	was	AUX	incensed	VERB	 incensed
Oscar Howe (Crow) was born on the Crow Creek Indian Reservation and won fame for his watercolor paintings	paintings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Karl stops her and when they step outside to talk, Jim dies. Susan is devastated and blames Karl	Karl	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
This sub theme would continue well into the ninth season, in entries such as " Audrey Pauley ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Facing the possibility of jail and the overall humiliation and disgrace, she pours herself a glass of wine (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
An initial draft was submitted to Everglades National Park management who asserted not enough water would be released to the	the	DET	park	NOUN	 park
The Varkari Panth (Pilgrim Path) or Varkari Sampradaya (Pilgrim Tradition) is one of the most important	important	ADJ	Vaishnava	PROPN	 Vaishnava
This would result in Bayern's II relegation instead of Saarbrücken. Saarbrücken finally lost the case in court,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Because events and not video frames were saved, the resulting game demo files were small and easily shared among	among	ADP	players	NOUN	 players
As Danny Peary noted in his Cult Movies book, the film went nearly unnoticed by critics during its US	US	PROPN	release	NOUN	 release
It was founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1929 after he had lost control of his first science fiction magazine,	,	PUNCT	Amazing	PROPN	 Amazing
Volcanic tuff was used at Copán, and nearby Quiriguá employed sandstone. In Comalcalco, where suitable stone was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Playing in the Florida State League in 1990, Rodríguez was selected the best catcher in the league and named	named	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He is discovered by a circus guard, and ordered off the ground. A small girl, Lillie Lockwood	Lockwood	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the rest of the tell was not occupied, and a lower town extended to the north but	but	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
With the release of the latest Missoula Downtown Master Plan in 2009, increased emphasis was directed toward redeveloping the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
Some extremely high production volume moulds (like those for bottle caps) can have over 128 cavities. In	In	ADP	some	DET	 some
It will then pounce, grabbing its prey with its sharp, retractable claws. For slightly larger animals,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
In the course of the innings he achieved the rare feat in Australia of reaching 1,000 first class runs on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Official Nintendo Magazine stated that they were the best Pokémon games yet. Game Informer's Annette Gonzalez stated "	"	PUNCT	Even	ADV	 Even
After a rehab assignment, he was activated on May 26. On June, 15 he hit the 48th	48th	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Brosnan especially admired the dirigible finale. Danny Peary had mixed feelings about A View to a Kill but was	was	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
Armed with marketing approval by their respective governments, a U.S. – Israeli industrial team plans to offer the Arrow	Arrow	PROPN	system	NOUN	 system
Symptoms of excess salivation, wheezing, respiratory distress, and absence of breathing have also been reported. Deaths	Deaths	NOUN	usually	ADV	 usually
" Reaction to Lords of Shadow was highly positive. 1UP's review praised how the game took elements from	from	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Baylor's passing offense had been strong all year. This was the first time they had been held below	below	ADP	21	NUM	 21
He claimed the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia on behalf of his second wife, Stephanie of Armenia, in 1220	1220	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A first half header from Leeds defender David Wetherall was enough to condemn United to their first defeat of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Romblomanon is mainly spoken in the town of Romblon, in all of three towns of Sibuyan Island, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It took three charges to break this battalion, which eventually fled towards the right where it encountered the remainder	remainder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Michael Rogers was a further three seconds back of Leipheimer and Basso, causing him to drop from sixth to	to	PART	seventh	VERB	 seventh
Short term residents of the home included Jared Sparks, Edward Everett, and Joseph Emerson Worcester. Sparks,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Joule moved to Sale in the 1870s for his health; he died at his home at 12 Wardle Road	Road	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A remake was produced under the same title in 1957; Young retook her role. Soegiati (Fifi Young	Young	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
If the commutative property holds for a pair of elements under a certain binary operation then the two elements are	are	AUX	said	VERB	 said
The power of the jaws is in part due to its comparatively large head. The teeth and jaws of	of	ADP	Tasmanian	ADJ	 Tasmanian
Prior to the thirteenth century, the church and lands of Monifieth were possessions of the Céli Dé monastic order	order	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Texas, " Confederate Heroes Day " is celebrated on January 19, the birthday of Robert E. Lee	Lee	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The production was lavish; apparently 300 men were required to manipulate the stage machinery. Federico Follino, who	who	PRON	prepared	VERB	 prepared
The football program unfortunately is best known for its record of futility set during the 1980s: between 1983 and	and	CCONJ	1988	NUM	 1988
A complex mixture of genetic and environmental factors influences the risk of the development of alcoholism. Genes that influence	influence	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nur recognized the opportunity to transform Mogadishu although resources were limited. Working closely with urban strategist Mitchell Sipus,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As New York opened up their season at home against the Dallas Stars on October 9, 2010, Tavares	Tavares	NOUN	suffered	VERB	 suffered
The economic goals are no longer seen as a means of influencing an opposite government but rather to stimulate opposition	opposition	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It remained in this position throughout the first and second leg of the tour, with only two concerts concluding	concluding	VERB	with	ADP	 with
He praised Joe Down Studios for not falling into the trap of " introducing a veneer of self importance "	"	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
The steep slopes on the banks of the Meuse, added to what appeared in photographic reconnaissance to be a	a	DET	formidable	ADJ	 formidable
Throughout the United States, Hurricane Charley caused an estimated US $15 million in damage (equivalent to US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
They requested Hendrix as a supporting act because they were fans, but their young audience disliked the Experience,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
An alternative Outer Eastern Relief Road crossing the M5 at Old Hill was rejected as the existing bridges would need	need	VERB	rebuilding	NOUN	 rebuilding
East of I 81, the development along NY 342 increases as the route enters Pamelia Center, a hamlet	hamlet	NOUN	centered	VERB	 centered
Ibn Ra ' iq tried without success to impede his advance by destroying the great dams of the Nahrawan Canal	Canal	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
While free on bail, Vick tested positive for marijuana in a random drug test. This was a violation	violation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Carey performed " Fantasy " live on several television and award show appearances around the world. Carey performed the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
He faltered in the stretch and finished fifth to Soldat. In April 2011, Shackleford was entered in the	the	DET	Grade	PROPN	 Grade
These revisions can lead to a revised ACE total either upward or downward compared to the operational value. An	An	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The song also entered the South Korea International Digital Singles Chart at number 3 for the week ending May 31	31	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Again it survived, but the service was reduced in June 1958 to run only during Monday to Friday peak	peak	NOUN	hours	NOUN	 hours
Master's, including a Master of Professional Science degree, and doctorates are also awarded to RSMAS students by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two arches to the east are to the north side of the chancel, which is slightly smaller than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
Historians from different centuries have also suggested various other years from 1150 to 1158. Contradicting these claims, the	the	DET	medieval	ADJ	 medieval
Her first cruise into the Atlantic was conducted from 7 July to 1 August. Another round of exercises followed	followed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The British also would never again conduct inland operations in Connecticut, despite western Connecticut's strategic importance in securing	securing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fresh mushrooms contain about 90% moisture. Dried specimens may be ground up into a powder and used to	to	PART	absorb	VERB	 absorb
Guests could also view and purchase photos taken of their vehicle on the ride or scan their Photopass to view	view	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
The treaty was sealed by the betrothal of Catherine's thirteen year old daughter Elisabeth to Philip II of Spain	Spain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The 1936 London Illustrated News feature had " no doubt of the authenticity " of the object which had "	"	PUNCT	been	AUX	 been
In 2003, Fuld was named a First Team (NCBWA) and Third Team (Baseball America) Pre	Pre	PROPN	Season	PROPN	 Season
The Daley administration's expenditures exceeded revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars a year. In August 2010,	,	PUNCT	Fitch	PROPN	 Fitch
On 25 March 2002, the trial began. After four days of testimony, Judge Michael McGuire ruled in	in	ADP	favor	NOUN	 favor
Ring had a final chance to push for Test selection in the innings win over Sussex, the last match	match	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
While NY 22 continues north towards Essex, NY 9N heads west to follow a more inland routing through a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Within that identity, the historian Sarah Richardson sees that one of Beeton's achievements was the integration of different	different	ADJ	threads	NOUN	 threads
Lawson has stated that she believes cooking is " a metaphor for life ", in the sense that "	"	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Following the war, at least one Filipino American, Augustin Feliciano, continued to serve in the U.S. Navy	Navy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Skaði provides them with her terms of settlement, and the gods agree that Skaði may choose a husband from	from	ADP	among	ADP	 among
Up to this period, McNicoll had completed all but five of his years of military service attached to the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
William Hamilton (1788 – 1856) attempted to combine Reid's approach with the philosophy of Kant. Common	Common	PROPN	Sense	PROPN	 Sense
These dyes had great affinity for animal fibres such as wool and silk. The new colors tended to fade	fade	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Max Tera served as assistant cinematographer on this black and white film. The film starred Ratna Asmara (wife	wife	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Leeds Mercury particularly praised the characterisation of Holmes, " with all his little foibles ", while in	in	ADP	contrast	NOUN	 contrast
"), a challenge he accepts and wins. Penelope now states that she will accept the suitor who	who	PRON	is	AUX	 is
During the 1950s, Nevelson exhibited her work as often as possible. Yet despite awards and growing popularity with	with	ADP	art	NOUN	 art
Approximately 400 feet (120 m) below the Pocono Beds is a layer of rock approximately 50 feet (	(	PUNCT	15	NUM	15
The bill passed both houses without further debate, and was signed by President Ulysses S. Grant on February 12	12	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He played in the American Association (AA) with the St. Louis Browns, and in the National League	League	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The last lineup consisted of drummer David Kennedy, vocalist and bandleader Josh Scogin, and guitarists Brandon Henderson and	and	CCONJ	Stephen	PROPN	 Stephen
The woolly mammoth is the third most depicted animal in ice age art, after horses and bison, and	and	CCONJ	these	DET	 these
They understood basic concepts of algebra and geometry, and could solve simple sets of simultaneous equations. Mathematical notation	notation	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Rhimes, executive producer Betsy Beers and director Tony Phelan selected songs that became famous through their use in	in	ADP	Grey	PROPN	 Grey
Details of the rally were reported by various gay oriented national publications. Instinct magazine noted Portland's ability to	to	PART	gather	VERB	 gather
He publicly encouraged Kentuckians to strengthen the Whigs, despite his disagreements with Clay. In 1830, Wickliffe was	was	AUX	chosen	VERB	 chosen
That a nun owned the painting three centuries after Adornes purportedly bequeathed a van Eyck St Francis to his daughter	daughter	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Department of Veterans Affairs opened a medical clinic in the Tanasbourne area in 2008. For more than 150	150	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
A rink was laid out over the parking lot and held firm despite 95 degree temperatures. Behind a goal	goal	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In the 1950s, the Armour Hot Dog Co. purified 1 kg of pure bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A and made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Batman Returns's budget was an estimated $65 million, grossing $266,822,354 worldwide, making the film a	a	DET	financial	ADJ	 financial
" In 1967 he again played Shylock; this was the last time he acted in a Shakespeare play on	on	ADP	stage	NOUN	 stage
Shatner described The Voyage Home's comic quality as one " that verges on tongue in cheek but isn't	n't	PART	;	PUNCT	;
In a short poem, " Mea culpa ", published in 1890 Saint Saëns accused himself of lack of	of	ADP	decadence	NOUN	 decadence
Tokiwa displaced 9,667 metric tons (9,514 long tons) at normal load and 10,476 metric tons (10,311 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
Critics called Big Red Rock's side one its " song " side and side two its " jazz "	"	PUNCT	side	NOUN	 side
The release of the video to the streaming service Tidal was plagued by technical difficulties, and was met with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The depression intensified as it moved to the northwest, becoming a deep depression on July 7. The system	system	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
Platini said that he would allocate an additional berth to UEFA, two to Asia Football Confederation and Confederation of	of	ADP	African	PROPN	 African
Crews were reduced to minimum levels. The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty	Treaty	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
McCann notes that one of reasons that Grant was so successful with his film career is that he was not	not	PART	conscious	ADJ	 conscious
In dolphinfish, males have larger and blunter heads than females. In several minnow species, males develop swollen	swollen	ADJ	heads	NOUN	 heads
The Union advance on the Dunker Church resumed and cut a large gap in Jackson's defensive line, which	which	PRON	teetered	VERB	 teetered
The last game of the season, at the Boleyn Ground, saw West Ham draw 2 – 2 against	against	ADP	Aston	PROPN	 Aston
This led founder Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. to remark: " The fact that Columbia is distributing the Care Bears	Bears	PROPN	sequel	NOUN	 sequel
It was the second North Indian Ocean cyclone to receive a name, after Onil earlier in the year.	.	PUNCT	Agni	NOUN	 Agni
HexaDrive handled the 2D screen displays, world map features and lip synching, while Square Enix handled the 3D	3D	ADJ	graphics	NOUN	 graphics
However, most of the fans had flown in from Canada. This edition of the Continental Cup used the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Jim, however, believes that the entire exercise is pointless. Andy decides he needs to make a move	move	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In China, dances with weapon have been recorded for a long time. The founder of the Han Dynasty	Dynasty	PROPN	Liu	PROPN	 Liu
The Halo franchise has produced numerous merchandising partnerships, and the characters of Halo have likewise been featured in a	a	DET	variety	NOUN	 variety
Filton Abbey Wood is the third station on the site. The first station, Filton, was opened in	in	ADP	1863	NUM	 1863
However, it was subsequently banned in Nazi Germany in 1936 as " political allegory on the treatment of Jews	Jews	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The England game was John and Edwards ' fifteenth Wales international together, in an away match which recorded the	the	DET	largest	ADJ	 largest
However, crude oil discoveries in Texas during the 1920s and in the Middle East in the mid 20th century	century	NOUN	brought	VERB	 brought
Tillman, Samuel Escue (1990). Smith, Dwight La Vern, ed. The Kansas Frontier,	,	PUNCT	1869	NUM	 1869
Tibbitt and Torresan also worked as storyboard directors. The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on	on	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
His passion was for anatomy; he told the story of how he had been so concentrated on an anatomy	anatomy	NOUN	dissection	NOUN	 dissection
Two days later, del Potro defeated Novak Djokovic in the bronze medal match. It was Del Potro's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
" The Louvre has been accused of behaving " like a corporation with a clearly defined strategy: profit maximization	maximization	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Music City Bowl took place on December 31, and in a contest against Southeastern Conference opponent Vanderbilt,	,	PUNCT	Boston	PROPN	 Boston
After their return to London, her former husband, Leigh Holman, who could still exert a strong influence	influence	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
A single mother once again, Maya begins to find success as a performer. She gets a job dancing	dancing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Another change visible in that issue is the reversal of the title coloring to white lettering on a block of	of	ADP	red	NOUN	 red
Steinbeck suggested that he write a sequel to Cannery Row that would feature the characters attractive to Feuer and Martin	Martin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
That same year, MIGA held a conference in Ghana to promote investment. The agency joined the Berne Union	Union	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In late July, it was announced that Iris would air on Wednesdays and Thursdays on KBS2, for premiere	premiere	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Unable to find it amongst the narrow, winding alleyways, the convoy came under devastating small arms and RPG	RPG	PROPN	fire	NOUN	 fire
The river flows briefly to the south, passing Cowdray on the east bank, which is a scheduled ancient	ancient	ADJ	monument	NOUN	 monument
His best friend and fellow courier, Zeke Jedediah Dunbar (voiced by Caleb Moody) takes initial refuge from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
1221 – 28), was once more embroiled in warfare with Nicaea as it supported Laskaris ' brothers in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
When Miles arrives at the FBI Headquarters, Mulder, Doggett, Skinner and Krycek help Scully to escape along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Winehouse first appealed the fines, but later dropped the appeal. On 26 April 2008, Winehouse was cautioned	cautioned	VERB	after	SCONJ	 after
As Susan settles into Ramsay Street, she hopes to get back into teaching. Susan gets involved in the	the	DET	drama	NOUN	 drama
The takeover was a friendly one, and dependent upon the agreement of the Webster family, who owned 20	20	NUM	per	ADP	 per
Lord Fairfax sent for Martin, who arrived in Virginia from England aboard the Hatley on May 24, 1751	1751	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After moving into the Great Australian Bight on 24 April, the storm dissipated. Despite Orson's extreme intensity	intensity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The highway's designation consists entirely of a bridge on Seashore Road (County Route 626), which is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
In northern Mesopotamia, both the Amorites and Babylonians were driven from Assyria by Puzur Sin a native Akkadian speaking	speaking	NOUN	ruler	NOUN	 ruler
In 2000, with wheeled carry on baggage becoming more popular, Delta Air Lines began installing overhead bin extensions	extensions	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Despite the injury, he was projected as the starter. The injury caused him to miss an exhibition game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" In the 1980s, Peterson was described by Oregonian columnist Margie Boulé as " arguably, the most recognizable	recognizable	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
Freudberg stated that the concept " was radical because we had never veered from that magazine mosaic and had never	never	ADV	given	VERB	 given
By measuring Pb isotope compositions of sediments from the Tiber River and the Trajanic Harbor, the present work shows	shows	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Moreover, information from studies of community ecology, plant systematics, and taxonomy is essential to understanding vegetation change	change	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hurricane advisories issued every six hours by the regional hurricane offices began at this time. The National Hurricane Center	Center	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
On the cape are some narrow strips of beach, which are suitable for landing. The beach in Norvegiabukta	Norvegiabukta	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Apple admitted that it had failed to anticipate the sales ratio between the iPhone 5C and the iPhone 5S,	,	PUNCT	leading	VERB	 leading
He is also a member of the National Society of Black Engineers and the Dallas Association of Minority Engineers.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Part 4, which Hues considered the most important part of the work, explained how the globes enabled seamen	seamen	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Independent but officially licensed releases of Final Fantasy IV music have been orchestrated by such groups as Project Majestic Mix	Mix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An injured James then reveals about Raj's past. Raj's father Suryanarayana (R. Parthiepan) was a	a	DET	respected	ADJ	 respected
There are tense dramatic scenes, and above all there is the question that must be faced, " Who	Who	PRON	's	AUX	's
Upon taking over as leader of the Labor Party on 24 June 2010, Gillard said she could " assure	assure	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In 939, Constantine married his first wife Helena, a daughter of the patrikios Adrian, an Armenian.	.	PUNCT	Symeon	PROPN	 Symeon
The safety of these medications in pregnancy is unclear. Dietary modifications may be of benefit to some children with	with	ADP	ADHD	PROPN	 ADHD
" " Bésame Mucho " was first included on the 1991 album The Blessing, Rubalcaba's first recording to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Mirkin said he felt the gremlin was well done because he looked scary and " yet it looks like a	a	DET	completely	ADV	 completely
French aligned African countries supported the secessionists who, provided with mercenaries and weapons by Jean Mauricheau Beaupré, began	began	VERB	a	DET	 a
George Bluth Sr., patriarch of the Bluth family, is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth	Bluth	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
Further organization was initially hindered by strong easterly wind shear as it drifted toward the west southwest along the northern	northern	ADJ	fringes	NOUN	 fringes
However, a number of critics were angered by their presence and nudity, including Pope Adrian VI who wanted	wanted	VERB	the	DET	 the
A flight of CH 46 Sea Knights later arrived and, in a scene that would be repeated at Khâm	Khâm	PROPN	Đức	PROPN	 Đức
As of July 2014, about 32,000 i MiEV family passenger vehicles have been sold worldwide, with Japan as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song is still heard on re issues of early recordings and on post World War II recordings by Donald	Donald	PROPN	Adams	PROPN	 Adams
Sarbel, Greece's 2007 entrant, also performed his entry " Yassou Maria " as well as the previously	previously	ADV	unheard	ADJ	 unheard
Linkin Park was founded in 1996 as the rap rock band, Xero: lead guitarist Brad Delson, vocalist	vocalist	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition, an extensive permanent pumping system was installed to restore and maintain lake levels in Østmarka. Curing	Curing	VERB	the	DET	 the
He explained that rapid editing was necessary on account of the characters ' lack of facial expression, which made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The primary terrorist group in the film is the fictional group Black October, in reference to Black September.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He promoted aggressive measures against the insurgents, and in so doing, he also sought to raise his own	own	ADJ	political	ADJ	 political
Growing unrest in the Middle Colonies eventually led the region to become the meeting place for the Continental Congress,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The mid season sale led to concerns about the Maroons: " The transfer of Dunlap to Detroit is a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Not only do we not share that point of view, but we attest that, given our present knowledge	knowledge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The anterior end is not clearly defined as a head but contains the sense organs, brain and pharynx.	.	PUNCT	Cilia	PROPN	 Cilia
The next day, 25 November, Task Force Dolvin resumed its advance, with 51 Rangers of the Eighth	Eighth	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
Delphine meets with Sarah to ask if her young daughter, Kira, will donate her bone marrow to help	help	VERB	cure	VERB	 cure
The studio wanted a diversified cartoon portfolio, so despite the success of Puss Gets the Boot, Barbera and	and	CCONJ	Hanna	PROPN	 Hanna
In 1978, the motto was replaced with the team's name, " Eastern Suburbs ". This name	name	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The torpedo rooms held 12 torpedoes total, plus 12 naval defense miness. Her crew consisted of 1,042 officers	officers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In keeping with this tradition, the Cha Cha Slide, the Cupid Shuffle, and the Soulja Boy are	are	AUX	always	ADV	 always
A national broadcast TV audience on ABC, NBC and CBS affiliate stations, as well as major independent TV	TV	NOUN	stations	NOUN	 stations
Author Christine Geraghty asserts that Dot's role in the mothering structure of the serial has been confirmed. Describing	Describing	VERB	Dot	PROPN	 Dot
Barbosa insisted that this would not happen, continuing his support towards a military operation. On May 12,	,	PUNCT	1898	NUM	 1898
After Brooks pitched the episode, the script was written by Ken Keeler. Although David Mirkin was executive producer	producer	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Hepburn was delighted that Tracy was available for Woman of the Year, saying " I was just damned grateful	grateful	ADJ	he	PRON	 he
The book was a response to Henry Fielding's The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling, which parodied	parodied	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Party in the U.S.A. " was officially released for airplay on August 3, 2009, and as a	a	DET	digital	ADJ	 digital
Murray began his clay court season at the 2016 Monte Carlo Rolex Masters as the 2nd seed. Murray struggled	struggled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Peter Bessell, eight years older than Thorpe, had a successful business career before entering Liberal politics in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although he could no longer bowl, Jardine would not let him leave the field while Bradman was still batting	batting	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Altgens had retired from the AP in 1979 after more than 40 years, rather than accept a transfer to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Curtana's inscription reveals that the sword has the same " temper as Joyeuse and Durendal. " Accordingly,	,	PUNCT	some	PRON	 some
Fifteen foot rangefinders were mounted on " A " and " B " turrets, the torpedo control tower abaft	abaft	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Favorites Soviet Union boasted the silver medalists in the 100 m finals hosted several days earlier in backstroke and breaststroke	breaststroke	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" During the 19th and 20th centuries, several scholars asserted that Asser's biography of King Alfred was not	not	PART	authentic	ADJ	 authentic
When this current interacts with the northeastern coast of South America, the current forks into two branches. One	One	NUM	passes	VERB	 passes
In 2014, the specimens were described in the Nature journal by Lee, Barsbold, Currie, Yoshitsugu Kobayashi	Kobayashi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, at Loie Fuller's behest, the building was turned into a museum instead. Hill wished it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
Their colour may vary, from grey to white, or in some cases red, green, or brown	brown	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Routes 26, 46 and 50, which serve Hollingbury and Hollingdean northbound and Brighton city centre, Hove and	and	CCONJ	Southwick	PROPN	 Southwick
Most contemporary critics complimented the song, noticing the confidence it hides and the carnival esque, yet melancholy,	,	PUNCT	theme	NOUN	 theme
The compilation received generally positive reviews from music critics. Music journalist Robert Christgau gave a positive review, stating	stating	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The anime received a mostly positive review from Bradley Meek THEM Anime Reviews. Bradley appreciated the animation, saying	saying	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Mike Perigard of the Boston Herald criticized the storylines involving the rapist as " just vile ". Joel McHale	McHale	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
(The same acquisitions later became part of the public scandal when he revisited them as COO and CEO in	in	ADP	2011	NUM	 2011
The steppe societies of Inner Asia, whose climate favoured a pastoral economy, stood in stark contrast to the	the	DET	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
Perhaps if he had lived he could have done no more. " Rutkow writes, " James Abram Garfield	Garfield	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although the incident was resolved without violence, Dunmore, fearing for his personal safety, left Williamsburg in June	June	PROPN	1775	NUM	 1775
A native of Virginia, he was the son of a prominent Methodist minister, and was himself ordained as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Formed out of a 1944 alliance of the Minnesota Democratic and Farmer Labor parties, its distinction from the national	national	PROPN	Democratic	PROPN	 Democratic
Correlations with handedness and birth order have also been reported for male homosexuality, possibly indicating that it has a	a	DET	similar	ADJ	 similar
Epidural corticosteroid injections provide a slight and questionable short term improvement in those with sciatica but are of no long	long	ADJ	term	NOUN	 term
" Gonzalez gave " Light Up the World " a " B + ", but said it sounded a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
This last section, running over the local authority's rails, connected Grand Quevilly (Rue de l ’	’	PUNCT	Église	PROPN	 Église
Following this, tamp the surface with pestles or stamp with feet randomly to even out the surface. Every	Every	DET	five	NUM	 five
Krusty even gets musician Sting to join other celebrities in recording a charity single, " We're Sending Our	Our	PRON	Love	NOUN	 Love
For example, as historian Władysław Czapliński describes in the Sejm of 1611 context, some resolutions were struck down	down	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
" Zhao Chu, a writer decried the one child policy as a " profit oriented activity that everyone hates	hates	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The outer surface bears usually eight comb rows, called swimming plates, which are used for swimming. The	The	DET	rows	NOUN	 rows
" In July 1974, Kennedy was sold to Liverpool for a club record £200,000. Manager Bill Shankly	Shankly	PROPN	resigned	VERB	 resigned
The Evil Dead developed a substantial cult following throughout the years, and has often been cited as a defining	defining	VERB	cult	NOUN	 cult
Additionally, the soundtrack was popular for bringing popular J pop artists such as Nami Tamaki and T.M. Revolution to	to	PART	perform	VERB	 perform
Blanket bogs formed on sites where Neolithic farmers cleared trees for farming. As the land so cleared fell into	into	ADP	disuse	NOUN	 disuse
The other two midgets followed at twenty minute intervals and were similarly delayed. The choice of targets was left	left	VERB	up	ADP	 up
As part of these, Earl William was given the manor of Conisbrough, which had previously been owned by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fourth series premiere did not fare as well, with fewer than 500,000 viewers. The viewership of the	the	DET	on	ADP	 on
Bill Lamp for About.com gave it a positive review, labeling it " a mega power ballad ". Frank	Frank	PROPN	Bruni	PROPN	 Bruni
The film director is unknown, but it may have been Barry O'Neil. Film historian Q. David Bowers does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
She had a beam of 15.5 m (50 ft 10 in) and a draft of 5.2 m (	(	PUNCT	17	NUM	17
Lee was charged with drug trafficking and importation offences and appeared in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on 13 February 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The completion of the lake finally laid the platform for the development of Griffin's Parliamentary Triangle. Since the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
Frozen was nominated for various awards and won a number of them, including several for Best Animated Feature.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In late November 2003, CMLL held an eight team, three week tournament to crown new champions. Most	Most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Soon afterward, Hendrix relocated to the city's Greenwich Village and began a residency at the Cafe Wha?	?	PUNCT	fronting	VERB	 fronting
On February 24, 2013, Rowland co hosted the Academy Awards pre show for the 85th Academy Awards alongside	alongside	ADP	Kristin	PROPN	 Kristin
Alabama scored their first points early in the second quarter on a one yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Trent	Trent	PROPN	Richardson	PROPN	 Richardson
The term érablé, referring to maple leaves, is often used in Canadian arms. For example, as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Serving as a sergeant during the First World War, Statton was awarded the Victoria Cross in 1918 following his	his	PRON	assault	NOUN	 assault
In 1931 Jack L. Warner announced that his studio would stop making them, and that he had never let	let	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Mares and stallions from non KMSHA parents may not be registered in the main studbook, unless the parents are	are	AUX	registered	VERB	 registered
The population of the area remained low, and the primary income source remained the carriage of goods to and	and	CCONJ	from	ADP	 from
Slavery remained the defining issue in the state for the decades to follow. In these early decades, although	although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It connects the nation's capital, Zagreb, to the city of Varaždin and to Budapest, Hungary via	via	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fortunately for the Empire, news of a rebellion in the Caliphate forced al Mu'tasim to withdraw soon after.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
This loss of access coupled with the fact that the Panama Canal was not yet open, caused American Hawaiian	Hawaiian	PROPN	to	PART	 to
New York magazine writer Steve Kandell said " Park Safety " continued an ongoing development of the mythology of the	the	DET	Pawnee	PROPN	 Pawnee
Warren stated that asking children to interrupt Fatt's slumber helped them build confidence and to feel more in control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1947, the King and his family toured Southern Africa. The Prime Minister of the Union of South	South	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
The DC Universe was the official setting of the series, but well known DC characters and places were rarely	rarely	ADV	featured	VERB	 featured
She and Miller split their time between their apartment in New York and an eighteenth century farmhouse they purchased in	in	ADP	Roxbury	PROPN	 Roxbury
In 2000, the open pit mines at Viivikonna, Sirgala and Narva were merged into the single Narva open	open	ADJ	pit	PROPN	 pit
Sayf al Dawla's patronage of poets had a useful political dividend too: it was part of a court	court	NOUN	poet	NOUN	 poet
Heidenreich began to attack the Undertaker, covered his mouth with a soaked rag filled with chloroform. Heidenreich placed	placed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The building is divided into offices from 250 square feet (23 m2) to 6,000 square feet (560	560	NUM	m2	PROPN	 m2
When the wake up call was issued to the crew for their final day in space by CAPCOM Tony England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Bede wrote some works designed to help teach grammar in the abbey school. One of these was his De	De	PROPN	arte	PROPN	 arte
Reviews for season 3 of House of Cards were mostly positive. However, a few critics found the Underwood	Underwood	PROPN	character	NOUN	 character
Some terraces, semi detached houses and villas, survive from the Victorian period, although many of the larger	larger	ADJ	houses	NOUN	 houses
Cortical spreading depression, or spreading depression according to Leão, is bursts of neuronal activity followed by a period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Proserpina's temperament anticipates the character Poppea in the later opera; likewise Pachino may be a forerunner for Ottone	Ottone	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Candidates for high office did not personally campaign in those days, but as state Republican chairman, Arthur played	played	VERB	a	DET	 a
At the end of the 1940s a boom in science fiction magazines encouraged Pines to issue a new magazine,	,	PUNCT	titled	VERB	 titled
Drowned World Tour became the highest grossing concert tour of 2001 by a solo artist, as well as the	the	DET	fourth	ADV	 fourth
But with the Gator Bowl (second pick of Big East teams) selecting Notre Dame instead of a Big	Big	PROPN	East	PROPN	 East
He also said that " it's a debut from a band that shows potential but haven't yet achieved	achieved	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Only limited damage was caused to the convoy and no ships were sunk. After this, due to the	the	DET	withdrawal	NOUN	 withdrawal
The inclusion of ILUC in the proposed ruling provoked complaints from ethanol and biodiesel producers. Several environmental organizations welcomed	welcomed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Spiders faced the Baltimore Orioles in the Temple Cup, a precursor to the World Series, in 1895	1895	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Johnson also believed that every character in Shakespeare represents a " type " or " species ", whereas Hazlitt	Hazlitt	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Built in 1862 to house the rector of the parish of Borley and his family, it was badly damaged	damaged	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Ariel has a complex surface consisting of extensive cratered terrain cross cut by a system of scarps, canyons,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At the entrance to the tomb the kerbs sweep inwards to form a pair of deep protrusions, or horns	horns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Maddox declared science fiction obsolete in his essay " Fictional Reality " and was roundly criticized in the blogosphere,	,	PUNCT	most	ADV	 most
Although Cleveland had condemned the " outrages " against Chinese immigrants, he believed that Chinese immigrants were unwilling to	to	PART	assimilate	VERB	 assimilate
The novel's reception was even warmer than that of its predecessor; Waugh was one of the few critics	critics	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Jamahl Epsicokhan at his website " Jammer's Reviews " wasn't enthusiastic about a particularly " lackluster " action	action	NOUN	scene	NOUN	 scene
Details such as Louis Comfort Tiffany stained glass windows and hammered bronze light fixtures were re created to preserve the	the	DET	look	NOUN	 look
Judy kills von Hammerstein by shooting him in the back with an arrow from 100 yards (91 m)	)	PUNCT	away	ADV	 away
Dill died in Washington, D.C., in November 1944 and was replaced both as Chief of the British Joint	Joint	PROPN	Staff	PROPN	 Staff
Gilchrist then questioned why Tendulkar then agreed with Harbhajan's claim at the second hearing that the exchange was an	an	DET	obscenity	NOUN	 obscenity
In 1933, he was charged with demanding money with menace and attempted extortion after writing to the King asking	asking	VERB	for	ADP	 for
With this episode the season hits its halfway mark and the action picks up considerably. Despite being a topic	topic	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1957 a Filton based RAF Vampire jet from 501 Squadron crashed into Leigh Woods. The pilot, Flying	Flying	NOUN	officer	NOUN	 officer
Jassin finds that the theme of religion is likewise meant as an escape from Amir's worldly sorrows, an	an	DET	opinion	NOUN	 opinion
Rescuers, including Department of Conservation officer Malcolm Smith, attempted to refloat them four times. Shortly, a	a	DET	playful	ADJ	 playful
" Kirsty decides that she needs to raise money for her husband Kane Phillips ' (Sam Atwell) trial	trial	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
If G has no connected components that are trees, then its maximal pseudoforests are 1 forests, but if	if	SCONJ	G	PROPN	 G
Ramabhadraiah writes a letter to Gundamma opposing the marriage of Raja and Saroja upon the former's instructions, and	and	CCONJ	Anji	PROPN	 Anji
Eleven Space Shuttle missions, a joint Soyuz flight and almost 1000 cumulative days in space for American astronauts occurred	occurred	VERB	over	ADP	 over
This made it easy prey for islanders and feral animals and by the 1970s the population was less than 30	30	NUM	birds	NOUN	 birds
Men who choose their sexual partners based on external appearances and peer recommendations often believe that women who violate traditional	traditional	ADJ	gender	NOUN	 gender
It is Bock's first novel, following the 1998 release of Olympia, a collection of short stories.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Southern Railway (SR), successor to both the L & SWR and the LB & SCR under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
In January 1957 the Lord Chancellor asked the Law Reform Committee " to consider whether any alteration is desirable in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
His goals helped Symes land December's League Two Player of the Month and an offer of a contract extension	extension	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The " green + spur " option is the lowest cost, and will have minimum impact on property acquisition	acquisition	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He scuttled the second collier and steamed north for Iceland. The ship used the cover of a major storm	storm	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It was Miike's first film to be released theatrically in the United Kingdom. Audition was released on DVD	DVD	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Modern techniques, such as the use of radio telemetry from space probes, and of radar measurements of the	the	DET	distances	NOUN	 distances
She meets and falls in love with her first husband after she discovers their shared appreciation of Black music.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Since the Duke did not rule out an armed intervention from Charles V, he came back on the French	French	ADJ	offer	NOUN	 offer
" Iwata has said that the DSi is meant to be a first camera for children, and a social	social	ADJ	networking	NOUN	 networking
After serving in the Nine Years ' War and the War of the Spanish Succession, he was appointed by	by	ADP	King	PROPN	 King
On 28 November 1864, he took the oath to defend the new constitution, which created a unicameral assembly	assembly	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
At the same time, players of Dead Island: Riptide were having similar issues on Steam. Following enquiries	enquiries	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Tom Kessenich, in his book Examination: An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X Files	Files	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
At the Pentagon, Secretary of Defense John Keller leads the investigation into the attack. Sound analyst Maggie Madsen	Madsen	PROPN	catches	VERB	 catches
He gained national recognition in 1924 when he and Wing Commander Stanley Goble became the first men to circumnavigate Australia	Australia	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Irrigation can be accomplished by use of a garden hose, soaker hose, sprinkler, or modified five gallon	gallon	NOUN	bucket	NOUN	 bucket
The original Persona 4 anime series was made into a condensed film adaptation titled Persona 4: The Animation -	-	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" During the Tracy Island briefing scene, Alan Tracy's voice is audibly lower and deeper than in later	later	ADJ	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Richie commented, " Unfortunately, sometimes it takes a hit record to make someone decide to save a life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Many critics noted similarities between " Born This Way " and Madonna's 1989 song, " Express Yourself	Yourself	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Singer brought his entire crew from X2 to work on the film. Via digitally enhanced archive footage, the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
Fegelein split the territory to be covered into two sections divided by the Pripyat River, with the 1st Regiment	Regiment	PROPN	taking	VERB	 taking
During its changes in ownership, the original Lot Number 20 of the South Branch Survey was repeatedly partitioned and	and	CCONJ	sold	VERB	 sold
In addition, the floors of stalls followed the slope of the hill, a gradient of about 1:	:	SYM	12	NUM	 12
Following a Royal Canadian Mounted Police raid at MLG in 1968, Stafford was charged with income tax evasion,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the city Jack rents expensive apartments, and leads a vain, idle life. Jack's uncle hears	hears	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lerroux's Radical government collapsed after two significant scandals, including the Straperlo affair. However, president Niceto Alcalá	Alcalá	PROPN	Zamora	PROPN	 Zamora
Other early hip hop crews were typically politically oriented, like 99 Posse, who later became more influenced by	by	ADP	British	ADJ	 British
1809), Wojski of Wschowa, opposed to the Constitution Stanisław Kublicki (or Jan Kublicki), deputy	deputy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
McCain's refusal to be released was remarked upon by North Vietnamese senior negotiator Lê Đức Thọ to U.S. envoy	envoy	NOUN	Averell	PROPN	 Averell
Selected for the senior squad by manager Bobby Ferguson, Dozzell made his debut for Ipswich Town in February 1984	1984	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The storm prompted classes to be canceled, as well as for the airport to be closed, causing flights	flights	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Carr contacted Billy Gibson who was the manager of heavyweight boxer Gene Tunney and knew of Mara from Mara's	's	PART	interest	NOUN	 interest
Influenced by his television and film scripting background, Martin tries to keep readers engrossed by ending each Ice and	and	CCONJ	Fire	PROPN	 Fire
The John D. Adams Vocational Technology building stood by itself next to the main building. There were two gymnasiums	gymnasiums	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
During the year, Feeder's domestic studio album sales passed the one million units mark. In late 2005	2005	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Laurelton Circle at Route 88, built in 1937, was replaced by the 1990s. The Ellisburg Circle	Circle	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Unable to face her and with the surprising news that Donald's spec script for a clichéd psychological thriller,	,	PUNCT	called	VERB	 called
Chang commented that the " thrill " of seeing all the actors on screen mitigated plot issues. Entertainment Weekly	Weekly	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Ryan Dombell of Pitchfork Media wrote a mixed review of the song; he called it the flightiest song	song	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Offshore Louisiana, a group of six fishermen from Alabama perished due to drowning. Along the Louisiana coastline,	,	PUNCT	damage	NOUN	 damage
" The Red Rooster ", backed with " Shake for Me ", which was also recorded during the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
In those races he also holds the records for days spent in the race leader's jersey at 78 and	and	CCONJ	96	NUM	 96
The surviving manuscripts are listed below. The manuscripts are all thought to derive from a common original, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Although Louise's cancer had gone into remission, it returned in the spring of 1970. Exhausted from nursing	nursing	NOUN	her	PRON	 her
Belarus and Lithuania ratified final border demarcation documents in February 2007. Belarus is a presidential republic, governed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Oliphant " came to a meeting ", Allison recalls, " and said ' bomb ' in no uncertain	uncertain	ADJ	terms	NOUN	 terms
In a strong emotional scene, it is always best to be able to shoot in complete takes to allow	allow	VERB	the	DET	 the
As they get up to leave, Abum praises the shop's coffee and briefly reveals his true form to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Albin's family certainly had strong connections in the church of Brechin. A known kinsman (nepos) of	of	ADP	Albin	PROPN	 Albin
He played his first NHL game against the Quebec Nordiques two nights later and recorded his first points – three	three	NUM	assists	NOUN	 assists
2012 saw Russia became the focus of a major international expansion for Burger King with a new plan to increase	increase	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Excluding the brief possession by the forces of Bosnian King, Tvrtko I, the fortress remained in Hungaro Croatian	Croatian	PROPN	hands	NOUN	 hands
Although he stated that deities existed, he believed that they were uninterested in human existence. The aim of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The early accounts are untrustworthy, but by the late 19th century it was paying a dividend of about 5	5	NUM	per	ADP	 per
By July 15, Eighth Army was provided a daily ferry service from the Hakata Moji area to Pusan,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
As an " outlet " for Watsuki's kendo emotions, Yahiko " knows a pain that hero types like	like	ADP	Himura	PROPN	 Himura
No relief ship would search for them there, and the likelihood of rescue from any other outside agency was	was	AUX	equally	ADV	 equally
" The speech was originally delivered in French language. The speech has been praised for its use of political	political	ADJ	rhetoric	NOUN	 rhetoric
Part of the attack involved the cost of new desks for legislators and staff that were manufactured by Oregon prison	prison	NOUN	inmates	NOUN	 inmates
The allegations were taken up by several prominent critics, including leaders of the People's Alliance for Democracy,	,	PUNCT	constitution	NOUN	 constitution
Holmes ordered Lieutenant Colonel William C. Holley, commanding officer of the 8th Engineer Combat Battalion, to report to	to	ADP	Colonel	PROPN	 Colonel
He has authored a book on football management exclusively for the Japanese market, Shōsha no Esupuri (勝者のエスプリ,	,	PUNCT	lit	VERB	 lit
Pseudoplectania nigrella is considered inedible. It has no distinctive taste or odor. This species is saprobic, and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
Confederate guerrillas from the Randolph area weakened the Union forces along the Mississippi River. In September 1862, the	the	DET	Union	PROPN	 Union
Despite the fact that their actions were ultimately fruitless, the Eretrians and in particular the Athenians had earned Darius	Darius	PROPN	's	PART	's
The BBC website's Fear Forecasters, a panel who rate the episodes, were not allowed to see "	"	PUNCT	Doomsday	PROPN	 Doomsday
" Boiling ", which starts The Face, opens with a R & B infused landscape of " bruised	bruised	VERB	color	NOUN	 color
On 27 March the brigade led the division's advance. Their first objective, the village of Brünen,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
In both the Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the Prose Edda	Edda	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On July 25, 2006, the film was released on Blu ray. The film received lukewarm reviews.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Posted to Singapore as Air Officer Commanding (AOC) No. 224 Group RAF in 1967, he was	was	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
The legislature responded by trying to create a merit system for public offices, but it was largely unable to	to	PART	effectively	ADV	 effectively
.., we express no opinion as to... the final disposition of this case should Congress not exercise its	its	PRON	authority	NOUN	 authority
It had a maximum range of approximately 300 yards but was accurate only to between 100 and 150 yards Home	Home	PROPN	Guard	PROPN	 Guard
Potassium bromate (KBrO 3) is a strong oxidizer (E924), used to improve dough strength and	and	CCONJ	rise	VERB	 rise
Bermuda was threatened by three hurricanes within two weeks. In addition to the hurricanes, Tropical Storm Alice developed	developed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Ian Walker of AbsolutePunk commented that Beyoncé and " the backing production " ebb and flow as the song proceeds	proceeds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Upon reading the script, Kirkman thought that producers were consistent with his comic, adding that they could possibly	possibly	ADV	improve	VERB	 improve
Eminem has had ten number one albums on the Billboard 200: seven solo (five original albums and two	two	NUM	compilations	NOUN	 compilations
From 2002 through 2012, there have been 143 false start penalties on visiting teams in Seattle, second only	only	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Ronald Reagan was the country's president and the ideals of individualism were promoted during his two terms in office	office	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Restaurants in Israel have come up with creative alternatives to ḥametz ingredients to create pasta, hamburger buns, pizza	pizza	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lee's title for the initial concept — Snots And Boogers — was rejected, as was a list of	of	ADP	suggestions	NOUN	 suggestions
Scholars have also observed that regional variations in different areas of the United States have provided certain circuits with a	a	DET	particular	ADJ	 particular
It was certified platinum in the United States and had sold two million albums worldwide by September. The lead	lead	NOUN	single	ADJ	 single
During the development of the starting credits, Madonna asked Foley if they could have a cartoon figure of her	her	PRON	character	NOUN	 character
After that, it crosses back into Wisconsin for about 14 1 ⁄ 2 miles (23 km) before	before	ADP	crossing	VERB	 crossing
The following season, he scored 191 runs at 38.20 including a century in three matches. He did not	not	PART	take	VERB	 take
The goal was to begin construction in 1966, and complete the interchange in 1969. There were concerns about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
The winner of the wild card bout would then be included in the quarterfinal round of eight fighters. This	This	DET	format	NOUN	 format
There, he rose to the position of general manager. Shortly after starting work at Hutchinson's, Brunner	Brunner	PROPN	met	VERB	 met
" Backwoods " details the history of rock and roll. Kiedis said that " Love Trilogy " became one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In addition, US 1 / 9 Truck was created as a truck bypass of the Pulaski Skyway, replacing	replacing	VERB	Route	PROPN	 Route
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, as well as the two Disney films to follow it, were also	also	ADV	influenced	VERB	 influenced
Zeckendorf loved the design and even showed it off to Le Corbusier when they met. The cost of such	such	DET	an	DET	 an
The main groups of modern spiders, Mygalomorphae and Araneomorphae, first appeared in the Triassic period, before 200	200	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Shortly after " Fatbeard " was originally broadcast, the site also featured six different types of T shirts and	and	CCONJ	hooded	ADJ	 hooded
Located at an elevation of 978 feet (298 m) above sea level, it rises approximately 230 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The earliest Syriac source is the 7th century writer John bar Penkaye. According to Hossein Nasr, the earliest	earliest	ADJ	European	ADJ	 European
Kelly's Directory of 1847 noted: " Datchet is separated from Windsor by the river Thames, over which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
It later became a signature part of the opening stages of the Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour	Tour	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
Pythagoras's theorem enables construction of incommensurable lengths because the hypotenuse of a triangle is related to the sides by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
During World War I she was requisitioned by the United States Navy and commissioned as USS Pennsylvanian (ID 3511	3511	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Walter was nominated for a Golden Globe Best Actress Award (Drama), for her performance in the film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song was released on December 1, 2014. It was originally intended to be featured on Stefani's	's	PART	third	ADJ	 third
" From that point on, Reich's work came increasingly to the attention of the authorities. Reich established	established	VERB	the	DET	 the
Kenneth Silber from Space.com wrote a very positive review of the episode, writing, " ' Signs and Wonders	Wonders	PROPN	'	PART	 '
It contains office and retail space and a 350 space garage. Tishman Speyer acquired the property in 2004 and	and	CCONJ	renamed	VERB	 renamed
" In the United States, it entered Billboard's Top Music Video chart at the top, selling 26,000	26,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
It uses spruce, larch, Scots pine, silver fir and mountain pine, and in man made landscapes	landscapes	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Theme: Guilty pleasures Group performance: " Forget You " Musical guests: Michael Bublé (" Hollywood "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Further developments revealed that Goldschmidt was assisted by businessman Robert K. Burtchaell in keeping his molestation of the girl a	a	DET	secret	NOUN	 secret
" The Lodger " was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 12 June 2010. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The aircraft assigned to this detachment amassed a total of 20,000 operational flying hours by March 2010. An American	American	ADJ	contractor	NOUN	 contractor
The former St Michael's Church, which is now a heritage centre, includes part of Bridge Street Row	Row	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
This is known as antigen presentation. However, the epitopes (conformational epitopes) that are recognized by the	the	DET	B	PROPN	 B
This forced Bakjur to relinquish his post on 29 October and retreat with his followers north to ar Raqqah on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
1117 – c.1131) was a popular French religious teacher, who is called a heresiarch (leader of a	a	DET	heretical	ADJ	 heretical
The music then switched to a medley of his songs, like " Billie Jean " and " Wanna Be	Be	AUX	Startin	PROPN	 Startin
RE 2, along with Recreational Road 255, became the first routes designated as " recreational roads " by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1840, a border conflict with Missouri called the Honey War took place. He received the military title	title	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The club finished the season bottom of the Conference and was relegated back to the Southern League Premier Division.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Miller filed for divorce from Thorpe in 1925, claiming desertion. In 1926 Thorpe married Freeda Verona Kirkpatrick (	(	PUNCT	September	PROPN	September
In Canada's St. Elias Mountains, a frozen extraterrestrial body is discovered by an expedition team. Professor Arlinsky	Arlinsky	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He set several long standing records for his country, including captaining Wales 18 times, a number eventually surpassed	surpassed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It was, at the very least, one of the hardest working shows likely to be witnessed on a	a	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
The eighth match was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between then World Heavyweight Champion The Great	Great	PROPN	Khali	PROPN	 Khali
This appointment strengthened the collaboration between Himmler and Heydrich, and Himmler was proud to have SS control over a	a	DET	state	NOUN	 state
The largest crater observed on Triton thought to have been created by an impact is a 27 km diameter feature	feature	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
The soundtrack was presented at a panel in the Hollywood Music in Media Interactive Conference in 2009, and was	was	AUX	performed	VERB	 performed
In Storybrooke a year later, Zelena disguises herself as Ariel, pretending that she's still searching for Eric	Eric	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The symbol λ is used to mean the wavelength of the signal being transmitted on the line or a section	section	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 12 February 1991, at a distance of 14.4 AU (2.15 × 109 km) from the Sun	Sun	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Within the lysosome, the antigen is broken down into smaller pieces called peptides by proteases (enzymes that degrade	degrade	VERB	larger	ADJ	 larger
" No Time for It " received mixed responses from music critics. Jeff Benjamin of Fuse praised " No	No	DET	Time	NOUN	 Time
In an interview with Fred Bronson, Walter Afanasieff made the following statements regarding the video for " One Sweet	Sweet	PROPN	Day	PROPN	 Day
She had initially made a list of 33 complaints about the school. Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts	Colts	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The equation governing the decay of a radioactive isotope is: <formula> where N0 is the number of	of	ADP	atoms	NOUN	 atoms
Meare Pool was formed by water ponding up behind the raised peat bogs between the Wedmore and the Polden Hills	Hills	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Christopher Livingston started working on Concerned as a hobby. He had previously considered developing a webcomic that would parallel	parallel	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the 1894 maneuvers, von Diederich's II Division acted as the opposing force in the Baltic, simulating	simulating	VERB	a	DET	 a
By 15, Luongo was playing midget with Montreal Bourassa, the same team that produced NHL Quebecer goalies Brodeur	Brodeur	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Thom played an important role in the development of penicillin in World War II. Thom was born in Minonk	Minonk	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It had long, curved tusks and four molars, which were replaced six times during the lifetime of an	an	DET	individual	NOUN	 individual
A second American organisation, founded in 1951 as " The Bernard Shaw Society ", remains active as of	of	ADP	2016	NUM	 2016
Recent research has shown that medullary tissue is never found in crocodiles, which are thought to be the closest	closest	ADJ	living	NOUN	 living
Recording Recorded at Roc the Mic Studios, New York City; New York; Westlake Recording Studios, Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
But after that, I think we're looking to do some shows starting in March. Maybe local around	around	ADV	here	ADV	 here
His citation read: Brilliant work in Pathology – the result of eighteen months of patient and skilful work in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Toropov estimated that the ship should have displaced at least 8,880 tons. Chikhachov admitted the fact and presented the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
They mostly forage on the ground or in shrubs that are less than two metres above the ground; this	this	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Around that time, Gerry began undergoing rapid deepening, becoming an intense tropical cyclone early on February 13 while	while	SCONJ	developing	VERB	 developing
The highest point is Pumlumon at 2,467 feet (752 m), other Marilyns include Pen y Garn and	and	CCONJ	Llan	PROPN	 Llan
Viruses are considered by some to be a life form, because they carry genetic material, reproduce, and	and	CCONJ	evolve	VERB	 evolve
In 1717, Baclayon was elevated as a parish. The present stone church constructed under the Jesuits was finished	finished	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The game takes place in Dracula's castle, the most common setting for the series, with the castle	castle	NOUN	divided	VERB	 divided
A special version of the song was recorded for the film's end credits in May 2007, during the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
Quota laws in the UK meant that US films had to have a British supporting feature, so it was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The following individuals have been inducted into the WVU Sports Hall of Fame for their contributions to the Mountaineer football	football	NOUN	program	NOUN	 program
" The regime's use of mass arrests, murder, torture and imprisonment has failed to extinguish our desire	desire	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The British government had traditionally paid little attention to the poor, but in the wake of the Industrial Revolution	Revolution	PROPN	attitudes	NOUN	 attitudes
Eckfeldt is believed to have made the die from which the 1792 half disme, considered by some the first	first	ADJ	official	ADJ	 official
Directly north of the building is the Library Quad, originally known as the East Quadrangle. The approximately 2.6	2.6	NUM	acre	NOUN	 acre
" Frozen " was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in April 1998,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Partisan main force avoided fighting the Black Legion, instead attacking the Chetniks from the rear while they were	were	AUX	engaged	VERB	 engaged
Cultivars produced include ' Tisel ' and ' Tiben ' in 2000 and ' Ores ', ' Ruben '	'	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1876, methylene blue was synthesized by German chemist Heinrich Caro. Paul Ehrlich in 1880 described the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While the pathways can mechanistically vary, the ability of organisms to perform homologous recombination is universally conserved across all	all	DET	domains	NOUN	 domains
Elias developed a consuming obsession with the opposing forces of good and evil, awakened at an early age due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
It captured the bridge over the Moscow Volga Canal as well as the railway station, which marked the farthest	farthest	ADJ	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
They contrasted Wollstonecraft's " passion " with Burke's " reason " and spoke condescendingly of the text and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Short in stature and slightly built, Hansell worked at being an athlete, becoming proficient in tennis, polo	polo	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With the double points gained with his win Quintana secured the mountains classification. The final stage was won by	by	ADP	Kittel	PROPN	 Kittel
George later stated that the couple had sex only three times, and that the Princess had commented on how	how	SCONJ	large	ADJ	 large
Coker attended Rutgers University from 1961 – 1963, where he also wrestled. While at Rutgers, he participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
From the summer of 1940 to the spring of 1943, Birmingham was bombed heavily by the German Luftwaffe in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
" On 18 August 2011, the AFI announced, in a special event at the Sydney Opera House,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Together with fellow fighter ace Georg Peter Eder, Mayer developed the head on attack as the most effective tactic	tactic	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
ADS provided links to these electronic editions from their first appearance. Since about 1995, the number of ADS	ADS	PROPN	users	NOUN	 users
By the beginning of the year only a small part-- $215 million — of the total funds collected for	for	ADP	aid	NOUN	 aid
The upgrades also included a new terminal, which included a café in the second story and seating for 14	14	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
Schrader retired from the race because of the collision, but Ragan and Jarrett continued. The leaders, including	including	VERB	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
Vlasic missed the wild card playoff game against the Oakland Raiders, but was available for the divisional playoff series	series	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Soon after, the storm began weakening again, and on March 7 Heather exited into the Australian region below	below	ADP	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
Leaves, flowers and fruits are seasonally available. On the ground underneath trees there is shade, and often	often	ADV	there	PRON	 there
A reviewer for BBC Comedy said that it " was a characteristically dark end to a show which was never	never	ADV	afraid	ADJ	 afraid
The pilot garments were developed under the Advanced Technology Anti G Suit (ATAGS) project and are to protect	protect	VERB	against	ADP	 against
Other dogs, such as Red Alert and Scrimshaw Placido Flamingo, are also credited with passing on the genes	genes	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Douglas continued her activism and focused her efforts on restoring the Everglades after declaring that " Conservation is now a	a	DET	dead	ADJ	 dead
He thinks if he spends enough time with Mercy, he'll win her around ". When Doctor Browning	Browning	PROPN	witnessed	VERB	 witnessed
The name, which means " the Bronze Gate ", was given to it either because of the bronze	bronze	NOUN	portals	NOUN	 portals
Sunderland completed the signing of Ghana international Asamoah Gyan in August 2010 for a fee around £13 million,	,	PUNCT	becoming	VERB	 becoming
At this time the 56th Independent Mixed Brigade was the main Japanese combat force in the region, but was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Although the Seattle Fault passes just south of the city center, neither it nor the Cascadia subduction zone has	has	AUX	caused	VERB	 caused
The Spanish demanded that the Spanish forces then stationed at Brest on the French Atlantic coast return to Spanish waters	waters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nightcrawler can teleport through walls, but prefers to only teleport when he can see his landing site. On	On	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Even when the poem is in the same hand as the manuscript's main text, there is little evidence	evidence	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Molecular analyses have been similarly equivocal regarding the blacknose shark's phylogenetic relationships: Gavin Naylor's 1992 allozyme analysis	analysis	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
Carlo Santos of Anime News Network praised Najika as a likeable protagonist and the characterizations as believable. He enjoyed	enjoyed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Grosjean argues that the best method for resolving the conflicts is to just take 14 July 664 as the date	date	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Of these, D. capensis exhibits what is probably the most dramatic movement, curling its leaf completely around prey	prey	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On July 30, The Sunday Times reported that former President Bill Clinton was believed to have warned Lieberman not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
Towards the end of the video, they are shown leaving the ball before Buchanan jumps off the balcony and	and	CCONJ	into	ADP	 into
" This took the form of expulsion of foreigners and destruction or defacement of foreign property. An example of	of	ADP	this	PRON	 this
Just because of the sound — if you played it on a ukulele, it might not have been so	so	ADV	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
The first artistically prestigious film in the annals of Hungarian cinematography was also produced on this site, based on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
On 26 March 1942, Washington, along with Wasp, Wichita, Tuscaloosa and various smaller ships, sailed	sailed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Wank Week's mention came as part of a critique of programming that Channel 4 was counting towards its "	"	PUNCT	educational	ADJ	 educational
At this time, Christianization of the region was initiated in earnest, an effort crowned by the establishment of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Richardson died in 1886 and played no part in the planning of Christ Church, but it was his Stonehurst	Stonehurst	PROPN	design	NOUN	 design
Millepora alcicornis feeds on plankton. The tentacles of the dactylzooids are normally extended all the time. If an	an	DET	object	NOUN	 object
The collision resulted in a safety car period, with the order standing: Ricciardo, Verstappen, Sainz,	,	PUNCT	Vettel	PROPN	 Vettel
Knyaz Suvorov never regained her position in the battle line and became the primary target of the Japanese for a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Bub and Game Informer's Jay Fitzloff criticized the craft placement, as the player's view was often obscured	obscured	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After maintaining this intensity for roughly 12 hours, the storm abruptly weakened. Within a few hours, maximum	maximum	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
Some of the Gobrecht dollars produced were struck with ' medal alignment ', meaning that the obverse and reverse	reverse	VERB	images	NOUN	 images
After the initial German and Italian assault, on the evening of 3 / 4 May the 18th Brigade counter	counter	NOUN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
The disaster prompted UEFA to ban English clubs from European football for five years. Watched by a crowd of	of	ADP	59,000	NUM	 59,000
Entering the bottom of the ninth inning of Game 4 at Fenway Park, Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera was attempting	attempting	VERB	to	PART	 to
Usher went there. When you ’ re engaging in sexual activity, there are many transitions and this is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
The failed expeditionary force led to open warfare between Tiku, who went into hiding in his fortress at Buntu	Buntu	PROPN	Batu	PROPN	 Batu
Common wisdom about lightly oxidized teas in Taiwan (a large producer of Oolong) is that too little oxidation	oxidation	NOUN	upsets	NOUN	 upsets
The musicologist Adrian Thomas notes that the symphony lacks dissonance outside of modal inflections (that is, occasional use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Playing it is like falling into an exciting movie thriller. " Gaming Chronicles gave it a 9.2 out of	of	ADP	10	NUM	 10
Numbers of ships and men for the Allies are also somewhat problematic. Herodotus claims that Leotychides had 110 triremes	triremes	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
One of these Indian soldiers, who had died in the assault, was buried at the mosque. Since	Since	SCONJ	1950	NUM	 1950
Similarly the previous mascot was officially John P. Carroll, for Pilarz. He was also infrequently referred to as	as	ADP	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.5, meaning that it was seen by 9.5% of the	the	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
During the first four months of 1945, III Corps moved quickly to the offensive. On 25 February,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Drexler and his followers have focused almost exclusively on the latter form of molecular nanotechnology, but Drexler has stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He praised both teams and the nature of the match but refused to compromise Newcastle's expansive style of football	football	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It has an overwintering capacity of eight people and a summer capacity of 40. It is served by Troll	Troll	PROPN	Airfield	PROPN	 Airfield
She wore a silvery leotard with a giant star on her shoulder and tassels. As the song progressed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Hall of Traditions houses interactive displays, videos, photos, records and information on the program, including	including	VERB	featured	ADJ	 featured
1994 – 2007. Retrieved 16 February 2007. General Accounting Office (GAO) (1998). "	"	PUNCT	Operation	PROPN	 Operation
The route proceeded northward, overlapping NY 321 through the lakeside village and into the surrounding town of Skaneateles,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Within the grounds of the hospital, a Maggie's Centre, under the name of Maggie's Fife,	,	PUNCT	specialises	VERB	 specialises
Entrance was strictly controlled by an outer and inner gatehouse. A chapel, known as the capella ante portas	portas	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Reportedly, Ghoshal was selected to sing the female rendition of the track after being auditioned by many other artistes	artistes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It lies in Preslav, the former capital of the First Bulgarian Empire, today a town in northeastern Bulgaria	Bulgaria	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" I'm just so tired, I don't feel I have been human for five years, "	"	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The trails had profound political effects during a time of Anglo American tension. Both Britain and the U.S. were	were	AUX	concerned	VERB	 concerned
Its first scenario, Operation Heaven One (or Ten ichi gō天一号) became the last major Japanese naval operation	operation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
” Accordingly, Chappuis played the 1946 season with a fractured wrist and without even bothering to tape the wrist	wrist	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It gave the season three out of five stars at the time of the DVD release. In a review	review	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The planchet, being placed horizontally between these two plates, is carried along by the motion of the movable	movable	ADJ	one	NOUN	 one
The festival of St Lambert had stopped by the eighteenth century. St Etheldreda's and the Vigil of the	the	DET	Ascension	PROPN	 Ascension
Jones further commented that the fictional bands were well matched to the songs they played, and that the pacing	pacing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The insert song titled " Each and All " by Livetune feat. Rin Oikawa also doubled as the closing	closing	NOUN	theme	NOUN	 theme
Violence, gore, sexual perversity, and even the music can be pushed to stylistic excess far beyond that	that	PRON	allowed	VERB	 allowed
After Ann's death, Mary replaces her with Henry; as Johnson writes, " this tale of forbidden	forbidden	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
After her mother remarried, they moved to Niagara on the Lake, Ontario. Later in her teenage years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These led to trading ventures with other Puritans on Barbados, a source of cotton, and with the neighboring	neighboring	ADJ	French	ADJ	 French
During the mid 1990s, Biman switched its airliner of choice for long haul routes to the Airbus series of	of	ADP	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
The DVD and Blu ray combo pack features three " mini movies " titled Puppy, Panic in the Mailroom	Mailroom	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Additionally, reconnaissance aircraft flights began indicating a transition to a warm core. Unfavorable northwesterly winds briefly halted further	further	ADJ	development	NOUN	 development
But in the past few days I have had to wake up the players. So I'm not able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
A mark on the drum from the Israeli Bureau of Standards allowed them to determine its size and composition.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Commenting afterwards, O'Sullivan said " It might have looked like I lost my head or whatever, but I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
To support those ground units, the South Vietnamese air force had 32 fighter bombers, 86 helicopters, and	and	CCONJ	32	NUM	 32
The Sagarin computer ratings calculated Alabama's 2010 strength of schedule to be the fifth most difficult out of the	the	DET	245	NUM	 245
Walter begins to collect equipment to create interference with the vibrations to prevent the crossing. Another corpse is found	found	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
France pulled out prior to the commencement of the tournament, being unable to field a representative team. Australasia	Australasia	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The operation did not give the Allies any tactical or strategic advantage; Howard notes that it provided experience for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 2009 discovery in Scotland of a 4000 year old tomb with burial treasures at Forteviot, near Perth,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Koepp collaborated with Raiders of the Lost Ark screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan on the film's " love dialogue. "	"	PUNCT	Unlike	ADP	 Unlike
Due to its high ratings, the series received a full third season renewal for the fall prime time line	line	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
He was undoubtedly familiar with the site depicted in the painting too, as it was only a half a	a	DET	mile	NOUN	 mile
The journalist John Kifner describes Migration of the Serbs as a " Balkan equivalent to Washington Crosses the Delaware...	...	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The most stable of these is 192m2Ir, which decays by isomeric transition with a half life of 241 years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Citing the song's lurid content about a transvestite prostitute as inappropriate, they suggested that " Don't Let	Let	VERB	Go	VERB	 Go
Peter becomes suspicious of Mathis when he sees blood on her jacket; however, he believes her when she	she	PRON	shows	VERB	 shows
Apart from these major awards, it also won awards at other national and international ceremonies. There were two	two	NUM	releases	NOUN	 releases
On 29 May, the Israeli Supreme Court rejected the appeal and upheld the District Court's judgement on all	all	DET	counts	NOUN	 counts
In 1945 Empress Zita celebrated her birthday on the first day of peace, 9 May. She was to	to	PART	spend	VERB	 spend
A polar rose is a famous mathematical curve that looks like a petaled flower, and that can be expressed	expressed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In the end of 1347 or in the beginning of 1348, however, Ivan Alexander divorced with his first	first	ADJ	wife	NOUN	 wife
Patrode, a dish of colocasia leaves stuffed with rice, dal, jaggery, coconut, and spices is	is	AUX	popular	ADJ	 popular
I wanted to make an album you can just play. " The opening track " S & M "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Former NASA astronauts and families were also dismayed and labeled the use of the sample as " insensitive ".	.	PUNCT	Keith	PROPN	 Keith
East of Ancaster, the freeway passes through a short greenbelt, with Hamilton Golf and Country Club lying to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the time the meal concluded at around 11.00 pm, no reliable news of Huskisson's condition had arrived	arrived	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He described his own belief in God by quoting the Bishop of Woolwich, saying, "... not as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
He was asked to prepare a single issue of 80,000 words to test the market. The World's Work	Work	NOUN	reprinted	VERB	 reprinted
Both heritage sites were declared National Cultural Treasures by the National Museum. The town also has two Spanish era	era	NOUN	bridges	NOUN	 bridges
The subordinating conjunction that shows that the clause that follows is a subordinate clause, but it is often omitted	omitted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
" The colonists had been forming militias since the 17th century, initially for local defense against Indian attacks.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
It peaked at number four in Canada, and has been certified platinum with 80,000 units sold by the Canadian	Canadian	PROPN	Recording	PROPN	 Recording
Discussion in the Journal was chiefly concerned with matters of literary criticism, and " the social and moral health	health	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He furthermore argued that Didi's desire to behead people when under the poison's influence expressed his Oedipus complex	complex	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Elliott took personal control over the recruitment process, selecting only those officers that he had known from his service	service	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This contrasts with an annual range of more than 20° C (36° F) in North America	America	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Myers and colleagues had included the name lutescens J.A. Allen, 1901, as a subspecies of Akodon puer Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The gameplay was conceived to cater to hardcore gamers who do not " ask for hints and read through strategy	strategy	NOUN	guides	NOUN	 guides
In her review of the third volume, Rebecca Silverman, another reviewer for Anime News Network, wrote that	that	SCONJ	while	SCONJ	 while
" I'm really bored because I have no books to read, " Yousafzai is filmed saying in the	the	DET	documentary	NOUN	 documentary
The presence of the shrine of Saint Erkenwald made the cathedral a pilgrimage site during the Medieval period. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
The Admiralty had considered converting her to that configuration, with an island, in July 1918 while still building	building	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The new facility, located at 57th Court and 14th Avenue, was dedicated in December 1964 and was composed	composed	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Mary was the daughter of Queen Victoria's first cousin Princess Mary Adelaide, Duchess of Teck. Queen Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" Three officials, including the head of the local family planning department, were suspended from their jobs on	on	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Losses and results are unknown. KG 27 also abandoned most of its operations. III. / KG 27	27	NUM	did	AUX	 did
Their scene was staged on a set at Elstree Studios designed to resemble the Ricky Tick, a popular London	London	PROPN	club	NOUN	 club
These regions include the prefrontal cortex (PFC), basal ganglia, anterior cingulate cortex (ACC),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The use of ultrasonography in medicine soon followed in different locations around the world. In the mid 1950s more	more	ADJ	research	NOUN	 research
The ship was also equipped with twelve 8 in (203 mm) 40 cal. guns in six twin	twin	ADJ	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
He finished by saying, " Before the arrival of the French we lived like men who can be satisfied	satisfied	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Fecundity " A great scientific theory, like Newton's, opens up new areas of research... Because a	a	DET	theory	NOUN	 theory
Hoping to keep the office that he'd been appointed to, he ran against his elder half brother Newton	Newton	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
The identity of Mysterion is never revealed in " The Coon ". After the episode aired, the question	question	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Much of MacLaren's time was now taken up working for Ranjitsinhji, who visited England between October 1907 and	and	CCONJ	December	PROPN	 December
It is during this period that the image of Gandhi (Dilip Prabhavalkar), addressed by his nickname "	"	PUNCT	Bapu	PROPN	 Bapu
On the November 22 episode of Raw, following a successful WWE Championship defense by Randy Orton against Wade Barrett	Barrett	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He called the Black / Leachman romance " creepy and hilarious ", but described the Jim and Pam romance	romance	NOUN	subplot	NOUN	 subplot
At times the crowd spilled over the unfenced boundary, making the ground smaller than intended. All these factors	factors	NOUN	meant	VERB	 meant
Surveillance of Falun Gong practitioners and intelligence collection is among the chief functions of 610 Offices. At the local	local	ADJ	levels	NOUN	 levels
One of the major effects of the conversion of the Vikings was to bring an end to plundering raids on	on	ADP	Christian	ADJ	 Christian
The following year the band recorded (What's the Story) Morning Glory? (1995) with their	their	PRON	new	ADJ	 new
On August 25, 1996 the City of Kingston proclaimed Molly Brant Commemoration Day. The Mohawk Nation - Bay	Bay	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
I am pleased to be able to add that the warlords of Japan now know its effects better even than	than	ADP	we	PRON	 we
It was writer Michael Sussman's third episode of the season, while it was director David Livingston's second	second	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This was not the case, however. On occasion the two men clashed on matters of policy, but	but	CCONJ	Reitz	PROPN	 Reitz
Mint records indicate the first gold dollars were produced on May 7, 1849; Longacre's diary notes state	state	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
In February 1799, Adams surprised many by sending diplomat William Vans Murray on a peace mission to France.	.	PUNCT	Napoleon	PROPN	 Napoleon
She was laid down in Scotland in 1914 as TSS Nairana for the Australian shipping line Huddart Parker, but	but	CCONJ	construction	NOUN	 construction
After various miscommunications in matches involving the three wrestlers, Management Director Jim Cornette announced Booker T versus Styles with	with	ADP	Cage	PROPN	 Cage
Since most asymptomatic individuals are unaware of their infection, they are considered at high risk for spreading HSV.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He has that will to win. " Duke of Marmalade was then brought back in distance from twelve furlongs	furlongs	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Some trial and error fitting may prove necessary. Traditionally, contact lenses for keratoconus have been the ' hard	hard	ADJ	'	PUNCT	 '
Ambrose and two of his brothers, Robert and Christopher, were educated by Jesuits at Saint Omer, then	then	ADV	in	ADP	 in
" Tolle changed his first name from Ulrich to Eckhart; by some reports this was in homage to the	the	DET	German	ADJ	 German
Key Biscayne, although named a " key ", is not geologically part of the Florida Keys, but	but	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
In Glasgow, four people died, and the Dragoons were called out to quell rioting after a Roman Catholic	Catholic	ADJ	church	NOUN	 church
Subsequently, he wrote Japan (Cultures of the World series, 1990) and Culture Shock!: Japan	Japan	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
It had been previously announced that this aircraft would be deployed on a new route to Guangzhou in November.	.	PUNCT	Kenya	PROPN	 Kenya
Milligrams of einsteinium that would normally take a year of irradiation in a high power reactor, were produced within	within	ADP	a	DET	 a
The scientists proposed different names for the elements: Urbain chose neoytterbium and lutecium, whereas Welsbach chose aldebaranium and	and	CCONJ	cassiopeium	NOUN	 cassiopeium
Otto Frisch and Rudolf Peierls first described how a practical nuclear weapon could be constructed in the Frisch – Peierls	Peierls	PROPN	memorandum	NOUN	 memorandum
US 89 / US 91 turns north there, bypassing the town of Mantua to the west, and continues	continues	VERB	to	PART	 to
This long established club attracted a distinguished clientele who, Keeler wrote, " could look but could not touch	touch	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
He expressed the opinion that " in these days Kent possesses so few genuine popular customs of this kind that	that	PRON	we	PRON	 we
The royal prerogative to dissolve Parliament was abrogated by the Fixed term Parliaments Act 2011. Section 6 (1	1	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The Spencer Davis Group had their first UK number one with the Jackie Edwards penned " Keep on Running "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
They are often large and agile in flight, and the females bite animals, including humans, to obtain	obtain	VERB	blood	NOUN	 blood
At the time, the storm was forecast to make landfall between Port O'Connor and Freeport, Texas. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In 1980, during the lead up to the selection of the Olympic team, Brooks walked out of a	a	DET	training	NOUN	 training
" Danny Peary noted, " The Conqueror Worm is a stunning film in many ways, but probably Reeves	Reeves	PROPN	's	PART	's
However, its initial sales fell below expectations and its five singles failed to achieve significant chart success. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It included Oltenia and large portions of Banat, Transylvania, and Wallachia. Many colonists " from all over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
His copy of the script came with a note from the production team saying, " Sorry, kill you	you	PRON	later	ADV	 later
The New York Times reported " an entire lack of disciplined control over the whole of the ship ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She made her film debut in The Horse Whisperer (1998) and appeared in Remember the Titans (2000	2000	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The majority of clan or lineage groups were not very influential in local society. However, prominent kinship groups	groups	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
In the same year he accepted a knighthood, and declined the conductorship of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in	in	ADP	succession	NOUN	 succession
The race began with a succession of attacks; eventually an eleven rider group escaped to form the day's	's	PART	principal	ADJ	 principal
Boyle was selected 3rd overall by the Stealth in the 2004 National Lacrosse League entry draft. In 2005,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In extant birds, such as frugivorous (fruit eating) pigeons, kinetic premaxillae help with consuming large food	food	NOUN	items	NOUN	 items
" Gypsy " was released as the fourth and final single off the album on 26 March 2010. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The flame fougasse was developed by the Petroleum Warfare Department in Britain as an anti tank weapon during the invasion	invasion	NOUN	crisis	NOUN	 crisis
He was a supporter of the Temperance Movement. Cushing was elected Calgary town councillor for a term beginning on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Despite the Governments actions to secure the peace, about this time Lachlan Mor MacLean of Duart ravaged the MacDonald	MacDonald	PROPN	islands	NOUN	 islands
First reported as a new species in 2007, the diminutive mushroom is only found in Kanagawa, Japan,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Frightened by all the attention, Mr. Garrison decides to return to his normal looks. Wendy reclaims Stan as	as	ADP	her	PRON	 her
British composer Arnold Cooke attended Streete Preparatory School in the early 20th century. The artist Sir William Quiller Orchardson	Orchardson	PROPN	painted	VERB	 painted
Ticketed events were also announced, including headline international acts in concert. In its first year, along with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
When Eckerle returns, he finds the exterminator's body covered with roaches. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny)	)	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Large concentrations are known to occur north of the Northern Mariana Islands and in the Gulf of Sendai, and	and	CCONJ	repeated	VERB	 repeated
The council was trying to discover the identity of a blogger called " Mr Monkey " who allegedly posted libellous	libellous	ADJ	statements	NOUN	 statements
The story was adapted in 1962 as the first film in the Bond series, with Sean Connery in the	the	DET	lead	ADJ	 lead
In some cases, such as at Dover, this arrangement became quite sophisticated with particular castle towers being named	named	VERB	after	SCONJ	 after
) Elsewhere, the album explored more serious themes, and found Bowie paying unusually direct homage to his influences	influences	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
What would become PA 332 between Newtown and Yardley was designated part of Legislative Route 252 in 1911. PA	PA	PROPN	332	NUM	 332
In a 9 – 7 loss to the Angels on June 29, he hit for the cycle and got	got	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The album covers 44 tracks and has a duration of 1: 06: 01. It was published by	by	ADP	NTT	PROPN	 NTT
The 38th's retirement would be covered by the 2nd Division and other units, which would then follow the	the	DET	38th	ADJ	 38th
After the death of Joseph Stalin, Nikita Khrushchev became the Soviet leader following the deposition and execution of Lavrentiy	Lavrentiy	PROPN	Beriya	PROPN	 Beriya
" Cook's story has been told through different media. The 700 Club did a full length documentary about	about	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The episodes allow the player to assume the roles of Captain James T. Kirk, Mr. Spock, Dr. Leonard	Leonard	PROPN	McCoy	PROPN	 McCoy
" Michael Sheyahshe, author of Native Americans in Comic Books, listed " the continued objectification of the Indigenous	Indigenous	ADJ	female	ADJ	 female
The idea for the episode was pitched while the series ' staff were coming up with story ideas for the	the	DET	twelfth	ADJ	 twelfth
Kuznetsova and Agnieszka Radwańska have played each other fifteen times since 2007, with Kuznetsova leading the head to head	head	VERB	11	NUM	 11
It also gives unparalleled authority and legitimacy based on the consensus of its members ". Dutton concluded that "	"	PUNCT	given	VERB	 given
Norton drew parallels between redemption in the film and redemption in The Graduate, indicating that the protagonists of both	both	DET	films	NOUN	 films
In the non breeding season, they gather into large flocks, which appear to be many self contained individual	individual	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
For its first 2 miles (3.2 km), the highway runs through a wooded area along the northern	northern	ADJ	edge	NOUN	 edge
Two light novels written by Hiroko Tokita and illustrated by Kobayashi were published in April 2004 and December 2007;	;	PUNCT	four	NUM	 four
Responsibility for the development of the base passed from Krueger's Alamo Force to Kinkaid's Allied Naval Forces on	on	ADP	18	NUM	 18
The Jesuits introduced cattle breeding. In each settlement, one of the Jesuits was responsible for church matters,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
This episode reintroduces and resolves Veronica's rape, introduced earlier in the season. However, it had been	been	AUX	largely	ADV	 largely
He ushered through Congress a bill extending the Freedmen's Bureau beyond its scheduled abolition in 1867, and the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Popular young adult novel " Eleanor & Park " by Rainbow Rowell (St. Martin's Press, 2013)	)	PUNCT	takes	VERB	 takes
In addition several albums by the Rat Pack, multiple karaoke albums and dozens of Frank Sinatra albums have versions	versions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A former footballer and sports broadcaster, Icke has made his name since the 1990s as a professional conspiracy theorist	theorist	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Little Castle Lake is within the Castle Crags Wilderness Area. Heart Lake, another small tarn, located above	above	ADP	the	DET	 the
In early screen tests, Pixar impressed Disney with the technical innovation but convincing Disney of the plot was more	more	ADV	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
It nonetheless has high conservation importance in at least one context: it is a keystone mutualist in the Avon	Avon	PROPN	Wheatbelt	PROPN	 Wheatbelt
Since 1923, Macaulay had run a cricket outfitters in Leeds and Wakefield with his Yorkshire team mate Herbert Sutcliffe	Sutcliffe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Allmusic wrote the album was an " excellent debut " that " hints at a lot of potential " and	and	CCONJ	observed	VERB	 observed
In case any of this should be resisted, Parliament passed the Treasons Act 1534, which made it high	high	ADJ	treason	NOUN	 treason
Miller often required a contest to retain interest in the game. He deplored Bradman's ruthless attitude towards annihilating	annihilating	VERB	the	DET	 the
In doing so, they secured a water source and a quantity of supplies, although a large amount of	of	ADP	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
He called a new meeting of the Junta, and produced a paper left at his home which said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The company began a public relations campaign to discredit the Guatemalan government; it hired public relations expert Edward Bernays	Bernays	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Representatives of White Finland in Berlin duly requested help on 14 February; on 13 February the German Imperial Military	Military	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
Pearson called the album an attempt to secure a safer territory and assure sales, after the success of past	past	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
In 1978 the hijacked 727 100 aircraft was sold by Northwest to Piedmont Airlines where it was reregistered N838N and	and	CCONJ	continued	VERB	 continued
The circle also influenced goings on in other learned societies, such as the Society of Antiquaries of London.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Arranged in a spiral pattern, the flowers open from the bottom of the flowerhead inwards. Flowering is followed	followed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The station was opened as part of the first segment of the Syretsko Pecherska Line on 31 December 1989.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Often credited as rock's first triple album, it was the first triple set of previously unissued music by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
(The latter wrote her 9 / 11 motivated song " I Was Here " for 4.) In	In	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
" This continues by Spears singing the first verse, after which Minaj says " It's Britney, bitch	bitch	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An adult's diet is largely fish, caught by sweeping the snout sideways and snapping at the prey,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He got a sudden case of religious sensitivity when it was his religion featured on the show. To bring	bring	VERB	the	DET	 the
The auction gave fans " an opportunity to own a piece of their favorite show ". Several Eve related	related	ADJ	items	NOUN	 items
Though the format reduced the page count, it maintained the same amount of story by reducing the size of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nevertheless, the Navy developed several naval aircraft before and during the war, including a pair of seaplane fighters	fighters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Today, it lies within the old village graveyard. Not far from the church on the way linking it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
In an interview, Bray said, " She [Madonna] was very much in love. It was	was	AUX	obvious	ADJ	 obvious
In August, Zersenay was among some forty runners competing for the medals in the 10,000 metres Olympic final.	.	PUNCT	Zersenay	PROPN	 Zersenay
When mounted in distilled water, they have a coarsely warty surface and appear rusty brown in colour. When	When	SCONJ	mounted	VERB	 mounted
While on tour to support The System Has Failed, Megadeth frontman, guitarist, and vocalist Dave Mustaine contemplated	contemplated	VERB	breaking	VERB	 breaking
As First Lady of Texas, Bush implemented many initiatives focused on health, education, and literacy. In	In	ADP	1999	NUM	 1999
" On December 3, 2011, Occupy Portland established camp in the South Park Blocks. Other events have	have	AUX	included	VERB	 included
Although music critics and Harrison biographers have generally viewed the album track in an unfavourable light, several concert reviewers	reviewers	NOUN	identified	VERB	 identified
To bring the signal to the oscilloscope, he devised an oversized coaxial transmission line, whose inner conductor was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Rainie then began blackmailing Ian for more money in return for keeping his actions secret from the police and his	his	PRON	fiance	NOUN	 fiance
Arsenal had started the 1933 – 34 season solidly, but in January 1934 Herbert Chapman died suddenly from pneumonia	pneumonia	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All rings of Uranus show azimuthal brightness variations. The rings are made of an extremely dark material. The	The	DET	geometric	ADJ	 geometric
A wide barren swath was torn through the forest. A great explosion blasted out a new crater three days	days	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
The Christian churches were also oppressed, with many leaders imprisoned. Education focused on racial biology, population policy	policy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He also named The Raid films as inspiration for the sequence. There were only a few days to plan	plan	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
A portion of the Canadian Shield is shown covered with red maple leaves and gold maple seeds. Standing upon	upon	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Similar to the submarine, the stealth bomber uses more fuel when stealth is activated; however, it can	can	AUX	only	ADV	 only
At about the same time, Mary's father learned of Shelley's inability to pay off the father's	's	PART	debts	NOUN	 debts
Spices were treasured and very expensive at that time – they included pepper, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Tonbridge School was founded in 1553 by Sir Andrew Judd, who made a fortune in the Muscovy fur trade	trade	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Construction started in August 1999 when the site was cleared. The removal and relocation of the Giant Wheel began	began	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Upon retiring from the military, Garrett became principal of the Australian Administrative Staff College, a private institution delivering	delivering	VERB	courses	NOUN	 courses
Creutz in turn recruited a number of young physicists who had worked with him at Princeton and on the Manhattan	Manhattan	PROPN	Project	PROPN	 Project
The Galaxy S5's failure to oust the iPhone 5S from the top selling spot was major setback for Samsung	Samsung	PROPN	Mobile	PROPN	 Mobile
No one was killed, but Jones suffered a severe back strain and a bruised kidney. The National Transportation	Transportation	PROPN	Safety	PROPN	 Safety
These visual keys help the audience know who to root for in the film and what behaviours and morals you	you	PRON	wish	VERB	 wish
' Green Amman 2020 ' was initiated in 2014, aiming to turn the city to a green metropolis by	by	ADP	2020	NUM	 2020
Slightly more elevated sections of the plains of the northern sections of Jackson Hole form forest islands with one such	such	ADJ	obvious	ADJ	 obvious
was released in January 1988 and was well received by fans and critics. The album featured a cover version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He determined that a form of invisible light or rays emitted by uranium had exposed the plate. A team	team	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
To capture the essence of performances given by great masters, every detail in movements and positions was reproduced by	by	ADP	others	NOUN	 others
Two of the American pilots, James McGovern, Jr. and Wallace Buford, were killed in action during the	the	DET	siege	NOUN	 siege
Re enactors demonstrate pottery, yarn spinning, and other medieval craft. These enthusiasts come from foreign countries,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
More dubiously, the Daddies have also retained a particular pop cultural legacy for their provocative and often contentious band	band	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
The throngs that wished to view Banvard's panorama were so great when it was displayed in Boston and New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Filmed at YouTube's Space LA production studio, it premiered on the site on August 19, 2014.	.	PUNCT	Prior	ADV	 Prior
John Frankenheimer, critically acclaimed as the number one director of live TV dramas during the 1950s, was shown	shown	VERB	the	DET	 the
Soon after his birth, in accordance with the traditions of the Quraysh, Khalid was sent to a Bedouin	Bedouin	PROPN	tribe	NOUN	 tribe
According to his grandson Simon Tolkien, Tolkien in the last years of his life was disappointed by some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
At Bragging Rights in October, Kelly, Gail Kim and Melina comprised Team Raw, but lost to Team	Team	PROPN	SmackDown	PROPN	 SmackDown
An unusual feature of Montreal's defence was a string of 30 outlying forts to protect against the constant Iroquois	Iroquois	PROPN	threat	NOUN	 threat
The plot, graphics, and audio have received mixed reviews. The plot and characters have been called cliché	cliché	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Using materials they were allowed to take from the yard, dockyard construction workers built the first houses in Sheerness	Sheerness	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Arnold, James R. Marengo & Hohenlinden. Barnsley, South Yorkshire, UK: Pen & Sword, 2005	2005	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 1982, the exhibition rooms were extended with an annex designed by the Royal Surveyor, architect Jacob Blegvad	Blegvad	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Brian May announced in a September 2010 BBC interview that Sacha Baron Cohen, previously known for his comedic	comedic	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
Divākara: None of the above. Every one has his own definition of ' truth ' and that it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Tan, Eugene; Chan, Gary (25 September 2007), " The Legislature ", The Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	Legal	PROPN	 Legal
Ctenophores have no brain or central nervous system, but instead have a nerve net (rather like a cobweb	cobweb	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
After he suffered from angina pectoris for several years, his death was attributed to aortitis. Two days prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
It is a major participant in European Union Information Science and Technology (IST) projects. It has major	major	ADJ	collaborations	NOUN	 collaborations
Compulsory military service concerns all male Swiss citizens; women can serve voluntarily. Men usually receive military conscription orders	orders	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In a career spanning nearly 50 years, she has played a variety of roles on television and in cinema	cinema	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
If you follow the show, like me, you probably got a slightly déjà vu feeling to the plot	plot	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The game's " Power Shots " was also met with an ambivalent reaction — the shot themselves were	were	AUX	praised	VERB	 praised
" Jillian Mapes from Billboard wrote, " torture contraptions, mermaid sex, a wedding, bondage in a	a	DET	barn	NOUN	 barn
(born February 21, 1979) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name	name	NOUN	Carlito	PROPN	 Carlito
The game took place during the 2010 – 11 NHL season at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Geopyxis carbonaria is widespread on burned soil or charcoal in the spring and throughout the growing season. It is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
At Lohan's initiative, her character was rewritten and changed from a Goth style to be more mainstream.	.	PUNCT	Critic	PROPN	 Critic
This assurance momentarily allayed the fears of the South Indians. But the Hindi proponents were dismayed and Pant remarked	remarked	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The volcanic hills of the region have played a key role as observation points and natural firing positions in the	the	DET	conflicts	NOUN	 conflicts
" - Admiral Murray. Immediately after graduating in January 1913, he served as a Midshipman on the Royal	Royal	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
The last alteration to the current flag occurred in 2004 when the aspect ratio changed from 1: 2 to	to	PART	3	NUM	 3
It aired again on BBC Two in December 2008 and in February 2010 in Ireland on 3e. A DVD	DVD	NOUN	box	NOUN	 box
In summer, a large proportion of the rainfall is caused by sun heating the ground leading to convection and	and	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
Oxygenated blood from the lungs and de oxygenated blood from the respiring tissues enter the heart through separate atria.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Conversely, his 1980s musical repertoire presented an increased development of dance trends, such as disco and soul,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
It is also unknown whether Henry intended Geoffrey to have any future claim on England or Normandy, and he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
During the 1921 legislative session, Zimmerman was assigned to the Judiciary, Roads, and Game and Fish committees	committees	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mullan observed that " [f] or the reader, apprehension predominates over surprise " as a result of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
Diagnosis with a flexible bronchoscope, which allows the injury to be visualized directly, is the fastest and most	most	ADV	reliable	ADJ	 reliable
" Coldplay has cited various influences in the album. The German electronic music pioneer Kraftwerk is evident on the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
In the Late to Terminal Classic the population increased to 85% of its Late Preclassic level, an expansion	expansion	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The peak of his season came at the 2004 Athens Olympics, where he became the first person in Eritrean	Eritrean	ADJ	sporting	NOUN	 sporting
During the reign of Charles II (1660 – 1685), playwrights such as John Dryden, George Etherege	Etherege	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Mario Bros. was only modestly successful in Japanese arcades. The arcade cabinets have since become mildly rare. To	To	ADP	date	NOUN	 date
The house passed through various hands during the 19th century. Judge Seth Chapman purchased the house from Joseph Priestley	Priestley	PROPN	Jr.	PROPN	 Jr.
He is perhaps best known for bringing what is now the School of Materials Science & Engineering to Georgia Tech	Tech	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After some hesitation, Tchaikovsky agreed. As a condition for Tchaikovsky's engagement, the Russian Musical Society required	required	VERB	a	DET	 a
While Peterson was accepting of the sexual relationship between Ruby and Sam, she felt the " seduction came out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Then in April 2005, Ukraine entered into the Intensified Dialogue programme with NATO. In March 2008, under	under	ADP	Ukrainian	ADJ	 Ukrainian
Much of the work was accomplished despite hindrance from the War Department ’ s G 2 office, which felt	felt	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Initially, there were concerns about the purity of plutonium, an element about which little was known, but	but	CCONJ	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
He added that he " just think the brevity required by the inclusion of three separate tales better suits the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Yearly, USCF organizes bughouse tournaments as part of the National Junior High (K 9) Championship and the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
The complexity of the music and concept of Invisible Circles produced mixed reviews, ranging from highest praise to complete	complete	VERB	failure	NOUN	 failure
There they terminated at a common point with US 10 (Woodward Avenue) and US 112 (Michigan Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
This gave him influence outside those circles normally associated with an architect of his age. From 1928 to 1930	1930	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Kesha's vocal range in the song spans from the lower note of E3 to the higher note of D5	D5	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Four days later, Cancellara lined up to race the road race. The race came down to a sprint	sprint	NOUN	finish	NOUN	 finish
He has ideas about what the creation of spoken word poetry and ambient music entails but it's quite clear	clear	ADJ	he	PRON	 he
David Morrison attributed the rise of the solar storm idea to physicist and science popularizer Michio Kaku, who claimed	claimed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In 1898, he was knighted (as Sir John Struthers) by Queen Victoria for his service to medicine	medicine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Former storyboard artist and current supervising director for the series Adam Muto explained that Marceline and the Ice King's	's	PART	history	NOUN	 history
With only the ROK 11th Regiment remaining intact by the morning of January 1, the ROK 1st Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
York went without scoring for a fourth consecutive home match after drawing 0 – 0 with Southend. Having worn	worn	VERB	the	DET	 the
Saint Saëns rarely, if ever, takes any risks; he never, to use the slang of the	the	DET	moment	NOUN	 moment
Coal storage amounted to 500 t (490 long tons; 550 short tons). Psara's main battery	battery	NOUN	consisted	VERB	 consisted
As the grandson of Lionel of Antwerp, 1st Duke of Clarence, Edmund Mortimer, Earl of March,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
" Ted Grant of Playlouder gave the album two stars out of five and called it the " blandest and	and	CCONJ	most	ADV	 most
The matter was investigated by the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, the Senate Judiciary Committee, and the	the	DET	Whitewater	PROPN	 Whitewater
The U17 team went undefeated in 8 games as Jones led the team with 43 assists. On May 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After sealing the Old City to prevent the entry of enemy reinforcements, al Kharrat issued an order to kill	kill	VERB	anyone	PRON	 anyone
Green is also the traditional color of safety and permission; a green light means go ahead, a green	green	ADJ	card	NOUN	 card
Captain Criss, who was first to eject, landed 6 miles (9.7 km) from the base —	—	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The parkway passes through a gate, heading up the base of Prospect Mountain. The route is very scenic	scenic	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Starrett, who went on to star in around sixty other western flicks, found The Medico of Painted Springs	Springs	PROPN	to	PART	 to
It lies on one of the most active seismic faults in Bangladesh, the Sitakunda – Teknaf fault. Sitakunda	Sitakunda	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Entranced by her beauty, he offered to marry her and when she refused he shot her in retaliation,	,	PUNCT	only	ADV	 only
He served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1965, and as unofficial Chief	Chief	PROPN	Ideologue	PROPN	 Ideologue
Lafayette brought her to the same balcony, accompanied by her young son and daughter. The crowd ominously shouted	shouted	VERB	for	SCONJ	 for
In October 2012 he delivered a 10 hour lecture to 6,000 people at London's Wembley Arena. In 1997	1997	NUM	Icke	PROPN	 Icke
She had a ringside seat at one of the great editorial franchises in a business that exerts an enormous influence	influence	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
During that span, the Terps won two national titles and lost four. During the 1980s, Johns Hopkins	Hopkins	PROPN	dominated	VERB	 dominated
Stafford's brother Hugh also sold his shares to Ballard, ending the Smythe family's 45 year involvement in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" On 18 November, the chief of the secret service reported that every possible measure was being taken.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This was 40 kilometres (25 mi) short of the objective Hoth had set for 6 July, the	the	DET	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
Itagaki deemed Black to be the final version of Ninja Gaiden, but with the release of the PS3,	,	PUNCT	Tecmo	PROPN	 Tecmo
The fins do not have sharply lighter margins. The underside is cream colored, with some mottling on the	the	DET	fins	NOUN	 fins
The latter was the band's first Top 40 country hit, peaking at number 28 on the Billboard Hot	Hot	PROPN	Country	PROPN	 Country
Composer Friedrich Silcher was directly influenced by Pestalozzi and Nägeli. He began using large choirs to express political viewpoints	viewpoints	NOUN	at	ADV	 at
After a long hiatus, Batwoman was reintroduced to DC continuity in 2006 in the seventh week of the publisher	publisher	NOUN	's	PART	's
Tim Mankowski, who Santos had known for 15 years and played in the band Basic Enigma with him,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Bok explains that he found the ship as a derelict and offers it to Picard for free. Picard explains	explains	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Combat in Final Fantasy is menu based: the player selects an action from a list of options such as	as	ADP	Attack	PROPN	 Attack
It is considered an important symbol of the freedom, independence, and sovereignty of Latvia. Unveiled in 1935	1935	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Nunavut Tourism did not, as of 2002, produce detailed statistics about tourism numbers, trends and characteristics.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Rajinikanth's performance as Kali received unanimous praise, and it is widely considered the best performance of his career	career	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A Stereogum writer called the Hudson Mohawke remix " nice ", but preferred Gatekeeper's " strangulation " of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two other locations under the fuselage are available for sensor or radar pods. The F 16 carries a 20	20	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
Other localities – including Frankfort, Lexington, Louisville, and Boonesborough – also applied. Frankfort was eventually chosen	chosen	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In the special episode and television film SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis, English musician and actor David Bowie guest starred	starred	VERB	as	ADP	 as
At this point, Murray had no experience in field archaeology, and so during the 1902 – 03 field	field	NOUN	season	NOUN	 season
The attack was renewed on 31 May after new orders had been issued, with the division occupying the Prekaja	Prekaja	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
State law also prohibits an underage person from misrepresenting their age in a licensed establishment. It is illegal to	to	PART	serve	VERB	 serve
The forum was relatively small and initially received little publicity, but in February 1967 Shoup submitted the speech to	to	ADP	Senator	PROPN	 Senator
Bauer disputes this, writing that Brand was simply afraid of returning to Budapest, convinced the Germans would murder	murder	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Their rate of fire was 15 rounds per minute. The ship also carried a single QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss	Hotchkiss	ADJ	anti	ADJ	 anti
At first the cap is covered by the soft, white fragmentary remains of the universal veil, which become	become	VERB	more	ADV	 more
The 24th Infantry Division's three infantry regiments, which had a wartime strength of 3,000 each, were already	already	ADV	below	ADP	 below
" Our complaint in this instance is not with the portrayal of heavy alcohol consumption, or even with the	the	DET	glorification	NOUN	 glorification
Careful examination of the Doppler shifts during transits also allowed them to determine the direction of the planet's orbital	orbital	ADJ	motion	NOUN	 motion
Piero della Francesca had made a detailed study of perspective, and was the first painter to make a scientific	scientific	ADJ	study	NOUN	 study
During the exhibition, a very quiet and genteel Mosconi blocked Wanderone's rough and tumble banter by wearing ear	ear	PROPN	plugs	NOUN	 plugs
Inoue directed Takagi to make sure he destroyed the U.S. carriers the next day, and postponed the Port Moresby	Moresby	PROPN	landings	NOUN	 landings
Thereafter, Uleki stalled for two days to the southwest of Hawaii, resulting in heavy surf across the state	state	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One obsolete type of gun, the " leatheren " was replaced by 4 pounder and 9 pounder demi culverins	culverins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Careful examination of the thick ' stems ' fails to resemble that of the flowers. German scholar Eugen Petersen	Petersen	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A weir under the Portway prevents flooding upstream, except during the highest spring tides. Badock's Wood in	in	ADP	Southmead	PROPN	 Southmead
" Load out of the massive set from venues took as much as 3 1 ⁄ 2 days. Sound	Sound	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The campaign ran throughout October and November 2010. A later campaign featured Simon Bates, whose breakfast show attracted	attracted	VERB	increased	VERB	 increased
Malhotra returned to the Wolf Pack the following season after failing to make the Rangers ' roster out of training	training	NOUN	camp	NOUN	 camp
" He continued, " Such vivid contrasts in the film's approach to its subject lead to its downfall	downfall	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His system of local administration was based on counties organized around fortresses and administered by royal officials. Hungary,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The longer billed males are more successful in attracting a mate. The downy chick has uniformly pale brown plumage	plumage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The use of mathematics in the service of social and economic analysis dates back to the 17th century. Then	Then	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Girlyman also covered this song, released on their 2003 album Remember Who I Am. Danny Colfax Mallon included	included	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The music video, directed by Joseph Kahn, incorporates elements of Japanese culture and features Carey's alter ego	ego	PROPN	Bianca	PROPN	 Bianca
The Norse legacy of art and architecture is limited. The Christchurch at Brough of Birsay, now reduced,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
After killing many of the defenders, they quickly captured the hill, three officers, fifty five Ottoman soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I'm fine ". Richard Smirke from Billboard praised the performance and Madonna's recovery, saying that "	"	PUNCT	[	X	 [
A trend of decreasing electron affinity going down groups would be expected. The additional electron will be entering an	an	DET	orbital	ADJ	 orbital
Following the dissolution of their team, Swagger would feud with Cesaro, with Rob Van Dam also being drawn	drawn	VERB	into	ADP	 into
A replica Spitfire is on display on the Thornaby Road roundabout near the school named after Sir Douglas Bader who	who	PRON	flew	VERB	 flew
On January 20, 2012, in what the Associated Press described as their " breakthrough performance ", eight	eight	NUM	members	NOUN	 members
Finding sufficient ground for new burials was increasingly difficult and bones were often removed to a nearby charnel house.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Initially, the typhoon was expected to pass north of the island without affecting it significantly, but instead the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
Known only from a single tooth, an upper first or second molar, it is among the few known	known	VERB	fossil	NOUN	 fossil
Given Enceladus's relatively high rock – mass fraction, the proposed enhancement in 26Al and 60Fe would result in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The shift of the emperor's orb from the House of Habsburg to the Wittelsbach family, albeit a brief	brief	ADJ	event	NOUN	 event
The Palmyrene monarch destroyed the Jewish city of Nehardea, 45 km west of the Persian capital Ctesiphon, as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Cold water from the river was pumped into the pipes, reducing the temperature within the forms from 105°	°	NOUN	F	PROPN	 F
Another actively used pair of toponyms is Dolni kray (" Lower Part ") and Gorni kray ("	"	PUNCT	Upper	PROPN	 Upper
With particular emphasis on the role played by Venezuela's private media, the film examines several key incidents:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
According to Ken Inglis, " most of the responsibility for letting the... general controversy... [lies with	with	ADP	]	PUNCT	]
Despite this, one merchant ship was sunk by mines and another damaged. Later that month, she participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During their short conversation, Guevara pointed out to Cortez the poor condition of the schoolhouse, stating that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Suddenly, though, in the third act, all bets are off and it's a whole new story	story	NOUN	anyway	ADV	 anyway
Although he added that the album would have been a " great debut " had the band decided to record	record	VERB	under	ADP	 under
On 18 June 1858, Darwin received the essay from Wallace. While Wallace's essay obviously did not employ	employ	VERB	Darwin	PROPN	 Darwin
Despite the warnings given by Brigadier General Paik Sun Yup, commander of the ROK 1st Infantry Division, a	a	DET	general	ADJ	 general
Some studies have shown TB education programs to be effective in decreasing stigma, and may thus be effective in	in	ADP	increasing	VERB	 increasing
This building was a former illegal gambling hall and was confiscated by Galveston County, it now serves as a	a	DET	local	ADJ	 local
" Catriona Wightman of Digital Spy speculated it to be inspired by Cyrus ' former fiancé Liam Hemsworth and deemed	deemed	VERB	it	PRON	 it
" You Belong with Me " experienced similar commercial outcomes throughout the rest of Europe; it became a top	top	ADJ	forty	NUM	 forty
The episode was co written by J. H. Wyman and Jeff Pinkner, and was directed by Joe Chappelle.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Pauley further averred that the building is " highly representative of the development of education and literature in the early	early	ADJ	United	PROPN	 United
It was reformed and sent to the Eastern Front, and became part of the Waffen SS (as the	the	DET	28th	ADJ	 28th
A 1959 event in Huntsville, although smaller, damaged chimneys, wrecked plaster, and threw objects from shelves	shelves	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The only two known life drawings of the species (by G. Haasbroek) depict this individual. The illustrations	illustrations	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
The Legacy has been compared to the former WWE faction Evolution of which Orton was a member, but Rhodes	Rhodes	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The association and IBRD operate with a staff of approximately 10,000 employees. The IDA is evaluated by the Bank	Bank	PROPN	's	PART	's
Through Atlanta's first 50 games, Heyward robustly lived up to the hype, hitting 10 home runs while	while	SCONJ	batting.301	PROPN	 batting.301
The Rough Canyon and Diablo East portions of the park were given particular focus, since they were the only	only	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
In 1966, Rugby league introduced a four tackle rule based on Camp's early down and distance rules.	.	PUNCT	Camp	PROPN	 Camp
Allen had no compunction fielding there; at short leg he held five catches from Larwood's bowling in the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Although Kantakouzenos ' wife and children were safe in his headquarters at Demotika (Didymoteicho), the regency placed	placed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Only one man was killed and five wounded aboard the battlecruisers during the battle. After the Battle of the	the	DET	Falklands	PROPN	 Falklands
When playing foreign teams, particularly in the European club competitions, the opposition would often cynically employ overt gamesmanship	gamesmanship	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Dahl " liked " " Jack, Meet Ethan. Ethan? Jack ", but decided " that it	it	PRON	's	AUX	's
Musically, the song consists of bass, skittering drums, vague synthesizers, scintillating strings, finger snaps and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
This was done quickly and a number of German agents were caught, crippling German intelligence operations in the UK	UK	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Reconstructions of ankylosaur forelimb musculature made by Coombs in 1978 suggest that the forelimbs bore the majority of the animal	animal	NOUN	's	PART	's
Staff writer Tom Gammill came up with the idea for the violent version of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" As a form of freedom of expression, Sarmiento began to write political commentary. In addition to writing	writing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Each dream acts as a character study, exploring the fears and future of the dreamer. Willow, Xander	Xander	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Smith was no different. Ten minutes in and we'd forgotten she was anyone new. " In contrast	contrast	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He said that most of the rehearsal schedule was devoted to ensuring that the first act would be good.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
When snow does make it past the mountains, it is usually light and is seldom on the ground for	for	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
In the final practice session, Ralf Schumacher was the quickest driver with a lap of 1: 39.188,	,	PUNCT	almost	ADV	 almost
The next year, Mrs. Tiggy Winkle was one of the first set of ten porcelain figurines released. Between	Between	ADP	1985	NUM	 1985
The Indian Act, various treaties and case laws were established to mediate relations between Europeans and native peoples.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADV	 Most
She averaged 17.2 points per game. She was the team's captain, the youngest in the WNBA at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was born in Stalybridge and brought up in Stalybridge and Ashton under Lyne until he entered the family cotton	cotton	NOUN	business	NOUN	 business
The home team's bowlers would tie down the Australians, forcing the batsmen to take risks to score runs	runs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The country was then dismembered and the extreme Croat nationalist and fascist Ante Pavelić, who had been in exile	exile	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
To further promote the game upon release, Square Enix offered the Japanese thriller Battle Royale as a free rental	rental	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Yugoslavs were quickly engaged by escorting Messerschmitt Bf 109Es from Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77). Just as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
That year, the Warner brothers established the Pittsburgh based Duquesne Amusement Company, a distribution firm that proved lucrative	lucrative	ADJ	until	ADP	 until
According to his biographer, Margaret Leech, " McKinley's fervor was irresistible to his audiences. He was	was	AUX	better	ADJ	 better
After hearing from immigrants how European strikers had used this tactic during prolonged strikes, Haywood decided to take the	the	DET	gamble	NOUN	 gamble
" Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly said " [Louboutins] does for the ultra high end shoe brand what	what	PRON	Crocs	NOUN	 Crocs
4AD would distribute the album in Europe. Upon its February 2008 release, For Emma, Forever Ago sold	sold	VERB	4,000	NUM	 4,000
" Her role as an artist in and voice lender to the subaltern is appreciated by theorists as having brought	brought	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
They displaced 1,612 t (1,587 long tons) as designed and 1,864 t (1,835 long tons) at	at	ADP	full	ADJ	 full
Whether these differences are the direct cause or the result of obesity has yet to be determined unequivocally. An	An	DET	association	NOUN	 association
" In 1992, he performed live at the bullring at Seville Expo ' 92, and a year later	later	ADV	on	ADP	 on
As an artist, Leonardo also closely observed and recorded the effects of age and of human emotion on the	the	DET	physiology	NOUN	 physiology
Memory Almost Full reached the Top 5 in both the UK and US, as well as Denmark, Sweden	Sweden	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To keep the design as simple as possible, a near solid spherical core was chosen rather than a hollow	hollow	ADJ	one	NOUN	 one
A limited quantity of themed Xbox faceplates created by Nomura were made available through a select few retailers in Europe	Europe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The story arc explores the symbiotic relationship between Joker and Batman, and sees the villain shatter the trust between	between	ADP	Batman	PROPN	 Batman
Pike's party reached the Kitkehahki village on September 25, 1806, shortly after Melgares's departure. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Mal Waldron, an American jazz and world music composer who came to fame after performing as Billie Holiday's	's	PART	accompanist	NOUN	 accompanist
Samantha auctioned the costumes used by Mahesh in the film for raising funds for the charity organisation " Pratyusha "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Magnes's views of the Jewish people were strongly influenced by First Hebrew's Rabbi Levy, and it was	was	AUX	at	ADP	 at
Goldstein called the characters colorful, but found the locations to be uninteresting. Hopper called the game's aesthetic	aesthetic	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
So when I was doing ' Bounce ', you know I don't actually drink or smoke so I	I	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
The room is 55 ft × 30 ft (16.8 m × 9.1 m). Its walls are covered	covered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Mitigation strategies include: White roofs: Painting rooftops white has become a common strategy to reduce the heat island	island	NOUN	effect	NOUN	 effect
Peel was described as " a tall robust man " with reddish hair, cautious but shrewd, who led	led	VERB	the	DET	 the
The film was # 5 among the ten lowest grossing releases of 2010 from major studios (movies released in	in	ADP	over	ADP	 over
The third division was called the Hylleis, after Heracles ' son Hyllus, with whom Pamphylus and Dymas migrated	migrated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
This phase between Foussat Road and Jefferies Ranch Road was finished in late 1999. Because the expressway was constructed	constructed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After winning the Finals in five games, Duncan joined John Salley as the only players to win a championship	championship	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Two days later several Dunkirkers were dispatched to force the Talamone's port mouth, and 8 ships arrived from	from	ADP	Naples	PROPN	 Naples
This battle took place in many stages. Firstly, the tributaries to the Jaffna Kingdom in the Vanni area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Along with Isopogon dawsonii, it is the easiest member of the genus to grow. The fine foliage,	,	PUNCT	red	ADJ	 red
Lost Coast was released on October 27, 2005, as a free download from Valve's Steam content delivery	delivery	NOUN	service	NOUN	 service
" That the Quiet Beatle was capable of such range, " Rodriguez continues, " from the joyful '	'	PUNCT	What	PRON	 What
Of course, Acheson's own approach to being Secretary of State was such that when you took an agreement	agreement	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Humphreys also scored in the following match against Leeds United. Two games later, Humphreys scored a much talked	talked	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Allison finds evidence of Harrison's antipathy towards organised religion in this inner gatefold photo, following on from the	the	DET	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
During the visit, she stopped in Arendal, Bergen, and Odda. In July, the ship conducted	conducted	VERB	gunnery	NOUN	 gunnery
However, Cassius Dio marks the wider imperial decline as beginning in 180 AD with the ascension of Commodus to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Show creator Daniel Knauf actively participated in online fandom and offered story- and mythology related clues. He also gave	gave	VERB	insight	NOUN	 insight
Cambridge were coached by Chris Addison (who rowed for Cambridge in the 1939 race), James Crowden (	(	PUNCT	who	PRON	who
Chang called Dylan's father " a stiff Asian stereotype ", while Mohan of The Oregonian found it contradictory	contradictory	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
It was also used for springs, including those used in clocks and watches. With the advent of speedier	speedier	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
It is their first album since reforming after they disbanded in 1993. Vocalist Ian McCulloch and guitarist Will Sergeant	Sergeant	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The Robots ' Rebellion was greeted with dismay by the Green Party's executive. Despite the controversy over the	the	DET	press	NOUN	 press
The New York Times condemned the appointments of Tom C. Clark and Sherman Minton in particular as examples of cronyism	cronyism	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Saguna meditation, that is qualified and with attributes, is for those who need a concrete symbol such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The most common definition is given above, but another common alternative is to divide by the constant mk to	to	PART	obtain	VERB	 obtain
Jon Pareles of the New York Times remarked that the production had a " fatalistic calm, in a commercial	commercial	ADJ	mold	NOUN	 mold
Gameplay is divided into two different styles: aerial based rail shooter segments, and ground based segments that feature	feature	VERB	both	DET	 both
The Martin government did not accept this interpretation and argued that vote had been on a procedural motion, although	although	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He did not secure any further academic advancement: he hoped to be appointed Camden Professor of Ancient History on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The west façade of the chapel was later demolished and the chancel arch was built up to form a new	new	ADJ	one	NOUN	 one
These are rated by how much clamping force they can apply. Typical ratings are between 400 and 4,000 st	st	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In both 2005 and 2007, only two preseason selections made the regular season team. Harris opened the 2008	2008	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" A day after the original broadcast, BuddyTV's Dahl claimed that " [the audience is] on	on	ADP	an	DET	 an
Cruz had a three year relationship with Tom Cruise after they appeared together in Vanilla Sky. It ended in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
All of those elements work together... to create this version that you see in the episode. " The	The	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
French losses were also comparatively light, with only 9 dead and 15 wounded on Vénus and none at all	all	ADV	on	ADP	 on
The event, thought to be the cause of the Martian hemispheric dichotomy, created the smooth Borealis basin that	that	PRON	covers	VERB	 covers
Altering the difficulty of the Noise and the amount of health for Neku and his partner also alter the benefits	benefits	NOUN	conferred	VERB	 conferred
James, Ioan (2002), Remarkable Mathematicians from Euler to von Neumann, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press	Press	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Crosby won the Mark Messier Leadership Award, getting recognized as a ' superior leader within the sport, setting	setting	VERB	a	DET	 a
The majority of the gun platform collapsed into the sea as the cliffs eroded. It is uncertain precisely when	when	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
The film's visual effects saw breakthroughs in computer generated imagery, including the first use of natural human motion	motion	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Fearing the consequences were he to be caught with an unconscious woman whom he had treated in such a manner	manner	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rubble masonry was the quickest and cheapest for construction, and had the largest tolerances. Many of the oldest	oldest	ADJ	stone	NOUN	 stone
In the first step, a reaction between phenylacetone and formamide, either using additional formic acid or formamide itself	itself	PRON	as	ADP	 as
" Grant reluctantly settled into a siege. On May 25, Lt. Col. John A. Rawlins issued	issued	VERB	Special	PROPN	 Special
In 1901, while serving on Ringarooma in New Zealand, he volunteered to join Scott's 1901 – 04	04	NUM	Discovery	PROPN	 Discovery
He wants to do the sequel justice and he really gets what we ’ re trying to do. "	"	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Burnham instantly fled and he had almost escaped when his horse was shot and fell, knocking him senseless and	and	CCONJ	pinning	VERB	 pinning
The area that is now Sabah came under British control as North Borneo when both the Sultan of Brunei and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It will put a very strong lever into the hands of the well meaning idealists who are to be found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
All the characters were created with 3D face scans. Alien: Isolation runs on an entirely new engine that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
This led Tweedy to reflect upon his future in the town: he knew that he would have to leave	leave	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
" Eaten Alive premiered on December 7, 2014, kicking off a special week of programming on Discovery Channel	Channel	PROPN	known	VERB	 known
Black Mask (also voiced by North), Killer Croc (Steven Blum), and Freeze's wife	wife	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" This idea was used for the second season episode, " Phineas and Ferb's Quantum Boogaloo. "	"	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Demon Blade received critical acclaim, garnering a score of 81 / 100 on Metacritic based on 58 critic	critic	NOUN	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
The German forces captured millions of Soviet prisoners who were not granted protections stipulated in the Geneva Conventions. Most	Most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Gates tapped Kościuszko to survey the country between the opposing armies, choose the most defensible position, and fortify	fortify	VERB	it	PRON	 it
He had a 4 – 7 record for Dover. Ruffing made his major league debut with the Red Sox	Sox	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The resultant massive explosion shattered windows along Bay Street in Nassau roughly 30 miles away. Stears went on to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
Depending on the person, activities may include resistance training, walking, swimming, yoga, tai chi,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Until 1919, the UFA's political activities were limited to advocacy, but that year it decided to run	run	VERB	candidates	NOUN	 candidates
The wire ran along the wall of the old tunnel, on brackets in the roof of the new tunnel	tunnel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Dandie Dinmont Terrier has a similar body shape to the Skye Terrier, but the Skye's coat is	is	AUX	thicker	ADJ	 thicker
The ADF's current priorities are set out in the 2016 Defence White Paper, which identifies three main areas	areas	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Compounding Edward's difficulties were the deaths of his most trusted men, some from the 1361 – 62 recurrence	recurrence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Two other early White Mountain painters were the Massachusetts artists Alvan Fisher (1792 – 1863) and Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Doughty	PROPN	 Doughty
Dora dissipated late on the following day, while situated several hundred miles east of Wake Island. A tropical	tropical	ADJ	wave	NOUN	 wave
Another potential problem that arises at the interface between wheel and axle (or axle and body) is the	the	DET	ability	NOUN	 ability
It is approximately 14.5 miles (23.3 km) long and flows through Harveys Lake, Lake Township, Lehman	Lehman	PROPN	Township	PROPN	 Township
This is called theistic innatism — the notion that all people believe in God from birth; within this view	view	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Mahmudullah was caught in the slips just after reaching his half century, and his captain Shakib Al Hasan followed	followed	VERB	before	ADP	 before
Alongside her Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress, Moore was nominated at the Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild	Guild	PROPN	awards	NOUN	 awards
First released in October 2008, the Dream was the first commercially released device to use the Linux based Android	Android	PROPN	operating	NOUN	 operating
He is considered as one of the best players to ever play for the club and played, both,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Clemmons was arrested on July 1, 2009, after he appeared in a Pierce County court trying to have	have	VERB	his	PRON	 his
On June 21, 2011, a Paris court ruled in Lee and On My Own's favor, believing	believing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
As of 2010, those of African ancestry accounted for 31.0% of Fort Lauderdale's population, which includes	includes	VERB	African	PROPN	 African
Although he remained on cordial terms with Senator Seward, Greeley never seriously considered supporting him in his bid for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born in Los Angeles, California, Bruce graduated from Hollywood High School, at the age of 16 and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Although columnist Andrew Sullivan noted that he had little leisure time at his disposal for contemplation compared with when he	he	PRON	grew	VERB	 grew
If this theory is valid, Louis's and his wife's first child was stillborn. Their next child	child	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The onslaught of Hurricane Gonzalo in October 2014 prompted a catastrophe modeller to revisit Fabian's destruction, concluding that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Soon afterwards, he applied for the managerial post at former club Brighton & Hove Albion, then in the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
The cracking of the crust was caused by the global expansion of Titania by about 0.7%. The presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Further changes were made for the Paris premiere in 1894, which are also inadequately documented. Ricordi attempted to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
The 4th Squadron, leading, covered the first ten miles (16 km), reaching Kh Fusail and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
his style resembled that of his earlier series, You're Under Arrest, and as such lacked the polish	polish	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Additionally, prior to Beijing, she had not participated in any Olympic games or event. The preliminary round	round	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Ships designed in this way have been described as ' all big gun mixed calibre ' or later ' semi	semi	ADJ	dreadnoughts	NOUN	 dreadnoughts
The Giro began with a team time trial on the island of Sardinia. The winning team was Liquigas,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The air pump itself is rendered in exquisite detail, a faithful record of the designs in use at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
In the 1997 sequence, the Vectra was seen overtaking a Leyland Titan bus, before screeching to a halt	halt	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some devices featured slideout keyboards, while others featured minimal face buttons. Microsoft's work on handheld portable devices	devices	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The Archbishop of Canterbury lifts St Edward's Crown from the high altar, sets it back down, and	and	CCONJ	says	VERB	 says
While the eastern and western facades are older than most of the rest of the building, their third level	level	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
The album begins with a skit featuring American comedian George Lopez, in which Santos confesses his " sins "	"	PUNCT	about	ADP	 about
Pope Boniface annulled the decisions of the commission in 1401, after the convent appealed to him, but the	the	DET	papal	ADJ	 papal
Conversely, HD 45364 is a star 107 light years distant that is a little smaller and cooler than the	the	DET	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
These changes, however, were met with negative reception from fans, who criticized the game for offering less	less	ADJ	freedom	NOUN	 freedom
Notes printed before November 2003 bear the signature of the first president of the European Central Bank, Wim Duisenberg	Duisenberg	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The club was not able to put on its first exhibition until December 18 when it moved to a location	location	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
By the 1820s American ships routinely spent years in the Pacific, making several voyages between various places such as	as	ADP	California	PROPN	 California
The Daily Telegraph. Parkinson, Gary (25 February 2002). " Equity Groups Make a Play for	for	ADP	Boosey	PROPN	 Boosey
It started at an intersection between US 10 and US 23 in Bridgeport southeast of Saginaw. From there,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
His Jefferson Building (1225 19th Street NW), built in 1963, was an eight story glass and	and	CCONJ	marble	NOUN	 marble
After several months of negotiations, Villa gained permission for a new stand to replace the Witton Lane Stand.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He pitched to a 3 – 5 win – loss record and a 6.11 ERA in nine games pitched on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The siege lasted from September 17 to November 3, 1775. After several false starts in early September,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He judged that had the division been retained, it could have reinforced the Fourteenth Army, making the defence	defence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During Jahangir's time and even more frequently under Shah Jahan's rule this jharokha was used for giving darshan	darshan	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The D class destroyers were initially assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet upon commissioning, but were transferred to the China	China	PROPN	Station	PROPN	 Station
Following the national championship, for the 2005 – 2006 fiscal year, UT also led the nation in royalties	royalties	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
After over eight months of working to purchase the franchise, local businessman Bill Sexton withdrew his bid to purchase	purchase	VERB	the	DET	 the
" We went to great pains to establish that this is the way a Vulcan woman — a sexy Vulcan	Vulcan	ADJ	woman	NOUN	 woman
The Northeast Extension was built between 1955 and 1957 and was originally projected to continue past Clarks Summit to the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The convoy was escorted by cruisers North Carolina and Frederick, and destroyers Stevens and Fairfax; battleship Texas and	and	CCONJ	several	ADJ	 several
Asian elephants have smaller ears, a convex or level back, smoother skin, a horizontal abdomen that occasionally	occasionally	ADV	sags	VERB	 sags
The action, later known as the Battle of Shiloh, was the bloodiest of the war to date;	;	PUNCT	Garfield	PROPN	 Garfield
As a protégé and close companion of Nikita Khrushchev, he travelled with him to United Nations headquarters in 1960	1960	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He spent many years in an orphanage — with his sister, Edith — after his father died. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" In that book he dismissed the incident as a " planned experiment ", requested by the ground crew	crew	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Over two decades the archipelago fleet went through several changes caused by the competition between the Hats and the Caps	Caps	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At this point the Qin built a wall around their new territories to defend against the true nomads even further	further	ADV	north	ADV	 north
As a way of evaluating and testing the acid response of the stomach to various foods, the doctor would	would	AUX	swallow	VERB	 swallow
Yield is probably related to body weight, as opposed to milking interval. Brown (1973) gives a	a	DET	venom	NOUN	 venom
Subsequent authors generally accepted Gill's first revision but not his second, and thus this species became known as	as	ADP	Hypoprion	PROPN	 Hypoprion
Dylan's previously unreleased 1967 recording from which the film takes its name was released for the first time on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
NWOBHM bands had been touring steadily in the United States, but had not yet received enough FM radio airplay	airplay	NOUN	there	ADV	 there
" Former teammate Al Rosen said: " Jackie was a college educated man who had been an officer in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester and Thurstable	Thurstable	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
At Seney, M 77 crosses a line of the Canadian National Railway and turns east along M 28.	.	PUNCT	Both	PRON	 Both
The legislature elected in 1787 cut taxes and placed a moratorium on debts. It also refocused state spending away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Sunderland began the new year with a 1 – 0 away loss to Blackburn Rovers on 1 January. Dean	Dean	PROPN	Whitehead	PROPN	 Whitehead
To bolster his claims, Strang published translations of two purportedly long lost works: the Voree Record, deciphered	deciphered	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Private and public port facilities have existed in both cities since the 17th century, with an increase in shipping	shipping	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
They had to be of the rank of Lieutenant Colonel or Post Captain. The number of Companions was not	not	PART	specified	VERB	 specified
Chicago managed to halt the drive at their own 2 yard line, but Vinatieri kicked his third field goal	goal	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" The Getaway " was seen by 54 percent more viewers than the third season finale, " Do You	You	PRON	Take	VERB	 Take
According to Billboard, from the drumbeat opening of " Addicted to Chaos " to the precise instrumentation of "	"	PUNCT	Train	NOUN	 Train
As part of the resurgence of interest in tap dancing in the 1980s, Sandman Sims served as a cultural	cultural	ADJ	ambassador	NOUN	 ambassador
Drogba scored the only goal of the game, which marked Arsenal's first league defeat against their opponents in	in	ADP	ten	NUM	 ten
On 13 July sails appeared to the southeast, Cornwallis assuming they belonged to reinforcements. On investigation, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Over the next two months, his average innings pitched declined during his starts, and on several occasions he	he	PRON	entered	VERB	 entered
Also eliminated were both Lotus and the second Sauber of Ericsson. In Q3, both Mercedes drivers set two	two	NUM	consecutive	ADJ	 consecutive
The RF grew dissatisfied with Field during late 1963 and early 1964 because of his failure to win independence on	on	ADP	Federal	PROPN	 Federal
These winds brought dry, dust filled air over the bay with mean particulate matter doubling over the region.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
It ended: " The band will continue to make music. " In June, Johnson announced that AC	AC	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
The following week, Triple H, Orton and Batista reformed Evolution to take on the Shield. Meanwhile,	,	PUNCT	Stephanie	PROPN	 Stephanie
In the forest in a cottage, a girl named Giselle and her animal friends are making a statue of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The group's Special Committee on U.S. Route Numbering also approved the creation of a business route for the old	old	ADJ	highway	NOUN	 highway
While moving across New England, Gloria was a weakened hurricane that passed quickly through the area. Though still	still	ADV	a	DET	 a
It is possible that the last common ancestor of the bacteria and archaea was a thermophile, which raises the	the	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
The next day, it is revealed Carvier has also been murdered by the Monstrum. Shortly before his death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" I Need a Girl " received positive to mixed reviews, with some critics comparing it to " Ca	Ca	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Part one contains a rose garden that allegorically represents potential within human existence. Although the garden does not exist	exist	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The invasion was executed by one of the largest armies ever assembled by an English king, comprising Anglo Norman	Norman	PROPN	cavalry	NOUN	 cavalry
" Radio host Howard Stern also compared the black and white scenes of the special to Madonna: Truth or	or	CCONJ	Dare	PROPN	 Dare
Thus, Alfvén identified two fundamental prerequisites for effective management of high level radioactive waste: (1) stable	stable	ADJ	geological	ADJ	 geological
As part of the Marlies ' pre season, Reimer competed in the Gardiner Cup, held as part of	of	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
In 597 Pope Gregory sent Augustine as a missionary from Rome to Canterbury where a church was established and run	run	VERB	initially	ADV	 initially
Bob, who was himself born in Sweden but grew up in Hinton, Alberta, won four consecutive Stanley	Stanley	PROPN	Cups	PROPN	 Cups
Sarawak also derive its electrical energy from coal fired power plant and thermal power station using Liquefied Natural Gas (	(	PUNCT	LNG	PROPN	LNG
The film served as both a sequel and a prequel to the 2012 film Snow White and the Huntsman.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
In 1428, John VI, Duke of Brittany endowed more prebends for the church by donating the adjoining hotel	hotel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The club controversially rejoined the First Division in 1919, despite only finishing sixth in 1914 – 15, the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
Dürer expert Matthias Mende described the missing portrait of Barbara Holper as " among the most severe losses in the	the	DET	Dürer	PROPN	 Dürer
The Boston Latin School, established 1635, is the oldest public high school in the US; Boston also	also	ADV	operates	VERB	 operates
The book is 15,000 words long and was first published in January 2011 as an electronic book only, priced	priced	VERB	at	ADP	 at
He further added that R. Kelly's appearance makes the song a " sort of sex jam " and only	only	ADV	him	PRON	 him
He won his hearing and was awarded a two year, US $4.6 million contract on August 3,	,	PUNCT	2002	NUM	 2002
Between New York and New Jersey, about 225,000 people lost power. High winds and tides from the storm	storm	NOUN	caused	VERB	 caused
Daoíz entered the Royal School of Artillery at Segovia as a cadet on 10 February 1782 and graduated as an	an	DET	ensign	NOUN	 ensign
Renown was relieved as flagship by Duke of York on 3 April, but became flagship of Force W which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Junior quarterback Denard Robinson completed 9 of 14 passes for 170 yards and carried the ball 15 times for 63	63	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
Worldwide, Narnia grossed £463 million, making it the 41st highest grossing film of all time worldwide.	.	PUNCT	That	DET	 That
Several portions of modern NY 38 were originally part of turnpikes and plank roads during the 1800s. On April	April	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Again, due to the shortage of buglers in the Marine Corps, his request was denied. Throughout the	the	DET	course	NOUN	 course
It was argued that this was a deliberate destruction of streetcars as part of a larger strategy to push the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
(born 1958) and Michael (born 1959), to be raised by Ike and Tina. During	During	ADP	Ike	PROPN	 Ike
From 993 to 1004, the Liao observed the Song as the latter built a ' Great Ditch ' in	in	ADP	northern	ADJ	 northern
For example, a numerical year could be given, or an oral and written assessment may be given.	.	PUNCT	Their	PRON	 Their
" Xxplosive " contains samples of " Bumpy's Lament " performed by Isaac Hayes and interpolates " Ain't	n't	PART	No	DET	 No
Another common condition that the breed suffers from are impacted anal sacs and the dog may require them to be	be	AUX	emptied	VERB	 emptied
It is similarly unknown how well, if at all, the Oruktor functioned as a steamboat, and Evans	Evans	PROPN	's	PART	's
MacLachlan also flew Mustangs powered by the Rolls Royce Merlin engine which proved so successful in later variants which flew	flew	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Wade chose to play college basketball for Tom Crean at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. During Wade's	's	PART	freshman	NOUN	 freshman
From this point of view, it does not really matter whether the kidney be made up of organic tissue	tissue	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The upper parts are gray to fawn, while the dorsal and lateral areas are cinnamon to rufous (reddish	reddish	ADJ	brown	NOUN	 brown
In May 1938, Bush accepted a prestigious appointment as president of the Carnegie Institution of Washington (CIW)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Justice Thomas also suggested that some directional signs " may be essential, both for vehicles and pedestrians, to	to	PART	guide	VERB	 guide
He saves Amanda, and she follows Tapp until a mysterious figure called Pighead captures her to fake her escape	escape	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Imagery and words revolving around " coldness, pressure, darkness, crisis, failure, collapse, loss of	of	ADP	control	NOUN	 control
Off spinner Ian Johnson was deployed as Australia's makeshift second opener. He was unable to make an impact	impact	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Stoffman observed, " one of the youngest target audiences of any animated movie ", as did the	the	DET	Halliwell	PROPN	 Halliwell
Pierson was criticised by Committee Chairman Darrell Issa regarding several security breaches. Issa stated, " The fact is	is	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
In Birth by Sleep, Aqua apprentices in the Land of Departure where potential Keyblade Masters study to receive their	their	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
He captained City to a 2 – 1 victory over Portsmouth. As team captain Cowan held primary responsibility for	for	ADP	motivating	VERB	 motivating
The same happened with most of McCain's other friends, who were eventually won over by the force of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
By that time, the Black Watch's two highest ranking officers had been killed and command fell to Major	Major	PROPN	Phil	PROPN	 Phil
David Beckham opened the scoring for United from a long range shot, but Bergkamp equalised with a shot that	that	PRON	deflected	VERB	 deflected
Other income derived from the sale of rings and brooches, pictures of Eddy, and in 1889 the Mary	Mary	PROPN	Baker	PROPN	 Baker
Virgin handled all marketing, sales, and distribution; Turner cross promoted. Developers recycled fifty minutes of footage	footage	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The center was sold to Oxford Capital Partners in 2000. Two years later, the Center completed a $	$	SYM	29	NUM	29
Except for Harold, all five represented Victoria in baseball. Harvey played his first game aged nine as a	a	DET	wicket	NOUN	 wicket
He was dating a single mother, Amanda Gardner, who was unaware of his criminal past, and posing	posing	VERB	as	ADP	 as
I knew high heels and makeup weren't my personal style, so I thought... I must be the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
The inflectional system regularised many irregular inflectional forms, and gradually simplified the system of agreement, making word order	order	NOUN	less	ADV	 less
Despite this, he recognizes the Rutherford government's legacy of province building. Douglas Babcock suggests that Rutherford,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
These forests are typically covered in rocks and are found in hilly lowland areas up to 800 m (2,600	2,600	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
He was a member of a productive acting family that began with his father, John Carradine. Carradine's	's	PART	acting	VERB	 acting
In spring 1242, Vatatzes crossed over into Europe at the head of his army, with Theodore accompanying him	him	PRON	as	ADP	 as
After serving as a transport in North American waters from 1775, she was purchased by the Royal Navy (	(	PUNCT	RN	PROPN	RN
A reviewer of Amtix! stated that the visuals were " breathtakingly stunning " and improves on its predecessor.	.	PUNCT	David	PROPN	 David
Phoronis ovalis has two nerve trunks under the skin, whereas other species have one. The trunk (s	s	X	)	PUNCT	)
Chung dismisses Mulder and publishes the book anyway, which Scully reads in her office. In his book,	,	PUNCT	Chung	PROPN	 Chung
In the shootout, he stopped four of the five shooters he faced, earning the Canucks their first win	win	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the film, Sylvester played the role of both Coretta Scott King and the African ambassador Uma King.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In publications subsequent to Aunt Fanny's of 1852, Victorian nicety required editors to routinely and silently alter Southey	Southey	PROPN	's	PART	's
The cause of Bessarabia was championed by Arbore, who at the time rejected all notion that the region could	could	AUX	ever	ADV	 ever
She was defeated in the 1940 election. After her defeat, she abandoned Social Credit for the Cooperative Commonwealth	Commonwealth	PROPN	Federation	PROPN	 Federation
" With his win, Carpenter became the first contestant in the worldwide Millionaire franchise to win the show's	's	PART	top	ADJ	 top
A six day festival, from the first to sixth lunar day of the bright fortnight of the Hindu month	month	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She first served behind the bar in 1969 and had been shown to work there for 42 years, as	as	ADP	of	ADP	 of
When whipped, women were stripped to the waist, thus being publicly exposed, and whipped until bleeding.	.	PUNCT	Such	ADJ	 Such
A tragicomic character, Dot is known for her devout Christian faith, gossiping, chain smoking, hypochondria,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Big tracks aside, it's an awfully static record, which gives it the kind of high art "	"	PUNCT	difficulty	NOUN	 difficulty
Before the yellow fever outbreak, Underwood had been the favorite, but public sentiment had turned in Blackburn's	's	PART	favor	NOUN	 favor
On September 30, 2008, prior to the start of the 2008 – 09 season, Vancouver Canucks general	general	ADJ	manager	NOUN	 manager
Twitter had annual growth of 1,382 percent, increasing from 475,000 unique visitors in February 2008 to 7 million in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
David Bradley of SFX awarded " Blink " five out of five stars, saying that it could have featured	featured	VERB	any	PRON	 any
He blamed his allegiance shift on the Roosevelt policies that he deemed anti business. He had voted for Landon	Landon	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Described as new to science in 1971, it is commonly known as the manzanita bolete for its usual mycorrhizal	mycorrhizal	NOUN	association	NOUN	 association
It is west of Mount Shasta City and Mount Shasta peak. The outlet of the lake drains into Castle	Castle	PROPN	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
This is a group of companies and interested parties which together have the overall responsibility for the scheme, including	including	VERB	Network	PROPN	 Network
Barber was a kind, modest man, who never believed that his contribution was good enough, even if	if	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
He and his wife Elsa returned to Belgium by ship in March, and during the trip they learned that	that	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
He's the person you trust enough to go into a strange world with. " Dennis Hopper — said	said	VERB	to	PART	 to
Florida strangler figs (Ficus aurea) are common in hammocks, and find particular ease in rooting at the	the	DET	heads	NOUN	 heads
V. togata has a single line of suckers on each arm. Chun described the membranes on the arms in	in	ADP	detail	NOUN	 detail
He defused a difficult situation for the CND when it decided to merge its male dominated state and local organizations	organizations	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In a severely compromised situation, Hernando Pizarro ordered a retreat; under the cover of darkness the Spanish force	force	NOUN	fled	VERB	 fled
The boy places his hands upon a dying tree, where he envisions the events of how the town became	became	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
At this time the horizontal protection was revised after full scale trials revealed that a 500 kilogram (1,100 lb	lb	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
125 – 144 AD) reign required 100,000 laborers to work for a year under the supervision of the Court	Court	PROPN	Architect	PROPN	 Architect
During her childhood, she also attended gymnastics and voice lessons, and won many state level competitions and children	children	NOUN	's	PART	's
The remaining slaves were retained as house labor for Margaret. Eventually, Houston became the owner of Bermuda Spring	Spring	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
The recording process was tough for both musicians, and their breakup was almost certain considering the deterioration of their	their	PRON	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
Over the course of the first season, her character matures and builds friendships with the other outcasts who make	make	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In the first four games, Dante is a mercenary, private investigator, and demon hunting vigilante dedicated to	to	ADP	exterminating	VERB	 exterminating
The two stations were built alongside each other on a site near Cambois in Northumberland, on the northern bank	bank	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Scholarly interpretations of Vasubandhu's philosophy vary widely, and include phenomenalism, neutral monism and realist phenomenology. The	The	DET	Indian	PROPN	 Indian
In February 2000, a connection between westbound I 270 and westbound US 36 was completed, as was access	access	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Along with Eric Clapton, there were also musicians whose link with Harrison went back some years, such as	as	ADP	Ringo	PROPN	 Ringo
Patrick unlocks Triton's cell, and the Prince escapes the island. No one anticipates Triton's wrath,	,	PUNCT	Triton	PROPN	 Triton
Otherwise, normal English plurals are sometimes used, with many local variations such as centime in France. All	All	DET	circulating	VERB	 circulating
The class saw service into nationalisation in 1948. All had been withdrawn by 1957, with none preserved.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
In the music video, Fezhead and Skull from the Sega TV advertising campaign appeared along with Sonic. In	In	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
They took trained Alpine guides and surveyors including Grant Peterkin and Surjan Singh, whose contributions ensured that, unlike	unlike	ADP	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
In an attempt to lick it clean he licks off the section that forbids cruel and unusual punishment. Homer	Homer	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The arches then continue through St. Joseph High Road (Maltese: Triq il Kbira San Ġużepp) in Santa	Santa	PROPN	Venera	PROPN	 Venera
It peaked at number 15 on the Hungarian Airplay Chart, and number 20 on the Slovak Airplay Chart.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Tirana was particularly heavily defended, with thousands of bunkers radiating out in fifty concentric circles around the city.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In August 2007, the MBTA published a feasibility study exploring the possibility of rebuilding Yawkey as a full service	service	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
Prior to this, the disposing of justice had been made difficult by the fact that the Lord Chancellor was	was	AUX	required	VERB	 required
Homer says to the boys that they should give their father another chance, since he knows Bart loves them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Chávez makes an address in which he says it is fine to oppose him, but not the Constitution of	of	ADP	Venezuela	PROPN	 Venezuela
With about 300 daily flights, the airline flies to 21 destinations domestically, and to 28 internationally. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
There he met Dante Gabriel Rossetti and other members of the Pre Raphaelite Brotherhood, who would have a profound	profound	ADJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
In addition, leeches (Placobdella multilineata and P. parasitica) and parasitic flies (Cistudinomyia cistudinis) plague some	some	DET	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
" Diva " is an R & B and hip hop song, which is composed in a moderate tempo	tempo	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The developers knew that for the story they wanted to " throw the player right in the action, with	with	ADP	things	NOUN	 things
The original home jersey was white with black and red stripes. The original ' away ' jersey was black	black	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Their place on the O & AT was taken by two Metropolitan Railway A Class 4 4 0 T locomotives	locomotives	NOUN	numbered	VERB	 numbered
During the 1970 there were Bombay Bhiwandi riots. During the 1970s, coastal communication increased between Bombay and south	south	ADJ	western	ADJ	 western
After Trenchard had retired from the RAF, he worked as a director of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company	Company	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Three of the four ships were launched in 1915, but it was clear that Russian industry would not be	be	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
Domingo Faustino Sarmiento stated similar views in his Facundo, and noted that cities were more receptive to republican ideas	ideas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Redevelopment work was carried out in the area ahead of the 2014 Commonwealth Games, in a scheme dubbed the	the	DET	'	PUNCT	 '
Four 12th century structures constructed according to this plan are extant: the Basaveshwara Temple at Basavana Bagevadi, the	the	DET	Ramesvara	PROPN	 Ramesvara
In 1943, the Kampfgruppe Auschwitz (Combat Group Auschwitz) was organized with the aim of sending out information	information	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
The Indian historian Rajesh Kochhar, noting the East India Company's support for Müller, commented that " Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	professors	NOUN	 professors
The derogatory term ' Bomber Mafia ' was used before and after World War II by those in the military	military	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Victoria fit in within the Russian aristocracy and the circle of her mother in law Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
In form (1), where an injury does not amount to grievous bodily harm, intent to cause	cause	VERB	grievous	ADJ	 grievous
The family hoped that the ranch would be returned after the war, but it was not, and in	in	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
In the middle of December, under bad weather conditions, the Nazis launched an offensive in the Ardennes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By the early 1960s the PKI and other leftist parties had the support of President Sukarno, giving them greater	greater	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
The transition in the puppets ' design has polarised critical opinion and drawn a mixed response from former production staff	staff	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Animals escaped the city's zoo after it was damaged in overnight bombing, and as a result, rhinoceroses	rhinoceroses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Mr. Monk and the Candidate " was written by Andy Breckman and directed by Dean Parisot. When the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
" strength stones ") (also hakari ishi (秤石, " weighing stones ") or bijuru (	(	PUNCT	Okinawan	PROPN	Okinawan
These powers place the President of the Maryland Senate among the strongest state legislature presiding officers in the country.	.	PUNCT	Once	SCONJ	 Once
" Fuse editor Nicole James praised the apparent recurring trend of " how the group isn't afraid to make	make	VERB	fun	NOUN	 fun
It included a call to oriental communities adhering to Miaphysite theology to return to the Catholic Church. Orientales Ecclesias	Ecclesias	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
According to a reviewer in Choice, the poems in Oh Pray focus on themes of love, insight,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In June, Copeland created the small role of the Fairy Fleur de farine (Wheat flower) in Ratmansky	Ratmansky	PROPN	's	PART	's
Throughout the tournament, the American press labeled him Darth Federer for his all black attire (which included tuxedo	tuxedo	PROPN	striped	VERB	 striped
In October 1896, the CPF fenced off the land from the rest of the park, and announced that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Moderate breeze embedded with gusts to 28 mph (44 km / h) brushed Dominica, and 1.25 in	in	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
Aiming to disrupt the Dutch right, Verdugo then charged ahead of Frate's Albanian company and that of Baron	Baron	PROPN	de	X	 de
She thereafter went to German East Africa, where she was stationed until 1898. She returned to Germany briefly	briefly	ADV	for	ADP	 for
She followed that up with a second 78 on Friday for 156 (+ 16) and missed the cut	cut	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
There was a change of direction with the fourth advert which appeared on 14 August 1993, reading: "	"	PUNCT	ABANDON	VERB	 ABANDON
As in all oryzomyines, the squamosal bone lacks a suspensory process that contacts the tegmen tympani, the roof	roof	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Buffalo supplanted the New York Knicks as Boston's closest competitor in the Atlantic foursome with 49 wins and 33	33	NUM	losses	NOUN	 losses
This mission had a crew of five, with three mission specialists. It was the second mission (after	after	ADP	STS	PROPN	 STS
Before the Taylor report and the era of all seater stadiums in Britain, both the North Bank and Clock	Clock	PROPN	End	PROPN	 End
On 8 September 2012, Minogue headlined at the Proms in the Park event in Hyde Park, London,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
One departure rumor became reality when defensive line coach Jackie Shipp resigned to take the same position at the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The embassy remained two months in Acapulco and entered Mexico City on 24 March, where it was received with	with	ADP	great	ADJ	 great
During its seven year history, awards were presented to Charles M. Brotman for Slack Key Guitar: Volume 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As Very later explained, " I felt within me a new will... it was not a feeling of	of	ADP	my	PRON	 my
Sir Charles Williams of Monmouthshire, south Wales, paid £200 towards the final bill of £211.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Although Pearl Jam vocalist Eddie Vedder, who was raised in Evanston, Illinois and later San Diego County,	,	PUNCT	California	PROPN	 California
After being sentenced to death, he escaped from prison and disappeared for years. According to a St. Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	resident	NOUN	 resident
As a brigadier general, Capper was first made deputy inspector of the lines of communication before being given the	the	DET	post	NOUN	 post
Landis's courtroom, room 627 in the Chicago Federal Building, was ornate and featured two murals; one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Imperial General Headquarters decided to resume attacks on Allied bombers from late June, but by this time there were	were	VERB	too	ADV	 too
Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine received positive reception from critics, garnering " generally favorable reviews " for	for	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
I needed to be rejected, and I needed to learn that it's part of the game... I	I	PRON	can	AUX	 can
From the first appearance of calcium – aluminium rich inclusions (the first solid matter in the Solar System,	,	PUNCT	forming	VERB	 forming
The Brazilian constitution of 1988 called for a general vote on the restoration of the monarchy, which was held	held	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Construction of Mirabeau began on 8 May 1906 by the Arsenal de Lorient and the ship was laid down on	on	ADP	4	NUM	 4
" She sings " Make You Feel My Love ". Later in the episode, she states that Finn	Finn	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In early 1994, Ranariddh established the Cambodian Development Council (CDC) to encourage foreign investment, and served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
This was true to his convictions of the time, during a phase in his career where he was convinced	convinced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Jake Long was nominated for Rookie of the Week in the tenth week of the 2008 season, but lost	lost	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The discovery of the minigame caused California State Assemblyman Leland Yee to rebuke both Rockstar and the ESRB, arguing	arguing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
At 8: 30pm that night, the men of the Imperial Guards Division began the crossing from Johor in	in	ADP	special	ADJ	 special
For many years, Boletus pinophilus was considered a subspecies or form of the porcini mushroom B. edulis. In	In	ADP	2008	NUM	 2008
There may be 6 – 8 orange, brown, or blackish variably shaped saddles along the back and tail	tail	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Echo & the Bunnymen. The album saw the departure	departure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
(Levett's settlement also failed, and the fate of Weston's men is uncertain.) Due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
For much of their rule, the city was desolate in the Mamluk period between the 13th and 16th centuries	centuries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These quickly broke, and Vanderwatt referred Pistorius to American prosthetist and Paralympic sprinter Brian Frasure to be fitted for	for	ADP	carbon	NOUN	 carbon
The amount of solar radiation reaching the ground, as well as the formation of cloud droplets occur on the	the	DET	molecular	ADJ	 molecular
Robert Grosvenor, 1st Baron Ebury, whose Watford and Rickmansworth Railway had opened in 1862, proposed extensions from	from	ADP	Rickmansworth	PROPN	 Rickmansworth
Since the boy's maternal grandfather was also named Edward, from early childhood he was called by his middle	middle	ADJ	name	NOUN	 name
While comparing the prices of the domestic beers, we found that Pabst was cheapest at $33 per keg	keg	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first Life of Guthlac, written by the monk Felix, appeared soon after Guthlac's death. Nothing	Nothing	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In order to reach Vaslui, where the Moldavian army had its main camp, they needed to cross Podul	Podul	PROPN	Înalt	PROPN	 Înalt
Hakim is also a documentary filmmaker. She has made a documentary on the Indonesian UNESCO World Heritage Sites,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Meanwhile, a deputation from the Roman Senate met with the rulers and renewed its infrequent contact with the imperial	imperial	ADJ	office	NOUN	 office
During this time, she became involved with liberal Democratic politics and " fell in with a literary set of	of	ADP	young	ADJ	 young
In contrast, Cochise County Sheriff Johnny Behan was generally sympathetic to the interests of the rural ranchers and Cowboys	Cowboys	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Under section 27A (1) of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act, it is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
After their surrender, Caesar sent the Helvetii home, according them the status of foederati or Roman allies,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In October 2014, media reports indicated that Israel's deferment or cancelling of its V 22 procurement due to	to	ADP	budget	NOUN	 budget
Coke was very proud of his actions in this case and later described it in his Reports as " an	an	DET	excellent	ADJ	 excellent
The bed was once the king's personal bed and was kept inside the Phra Thinang Phiman Rattaya; however	however	ADV	once	SCONJ	 once
Another actinium isotope (225Ac) was transiently present in the neptunium series decay chain, beginning with 237Np (	(	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	or
Observations on subsequent nights showed that the positions of these " stars " relative to Jupiter were changing in a	a	DET	way	NOUN	 way
In August 2009, VH1 Classic aired music videos from the TV special Around The Beatles (1964),	,	PUNCT	Help	PROPN	 Help
The Joshua Tree became the fastest selling album in British chart history, and topped the Billboard 200 in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
A small explosive plant was established at Los Alamos known as Site S, as it was a former sawmill	sawmill	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The WordD released the single, " You're Gon na Make Me ", and also recorded several unissued	unissued	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
The marriage was a great surprise and the Earl of Essex complained that it was an " unhappy choice "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The next Spica character is Yaya Nanto, a rebellious girl who is Hikari's best friend and roommate in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first official Keeper of the Register was William J. Murtagh, an architectural historian. During the Register's	's	PART	earliest	ADJ	 earliest
Notable differences include the redesigned upper dashboard portion and restyled centre console, plus the substitution of the Australian Camry	Camry	PROPN	's	PART	's
The union's next tactic, in November 1989, was to disclaim any interest in representing NFL players in	in	ADP	collective	ADJ	 collective
All volumes cover a total of 5131 pages, with texts on various subjects written by 918 contributors. Its	Its	PRON	primary	ADJ	 primary
A few hours later Grahame White was made aware of Paulhan's departure, and immediately set off in pursuit	pursuit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Amnesty International reports that in 2009 in Croatia there was an increase in the number of physical attacks and murders	murders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Other critics cited Guerrero's simple, inventive style and sound for the album as one of its better qualities	qualities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Expressing the dissatisfaction in their lives, Puck, Finn, Terri, customer Sandy Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Set between the events of Halo 2 and Halo 3, players take control of elite human soldiers called Orbital	Orbital	PROPN	Drop	PROPN	 Drop
Former Powderfinger member, Fanning worked on his second solo album Departures during late 2012 in Los Angeles with Joe	Joe	PROPN	Chiccarelli	PROPN	 Chiccarelli
He credited Kucan with " taking ragtag group of people who had no business in front of a camera and	and	CCONJ	making	VERB	 making
The immune system protects organisms from infection with layered defenses of increasing specificity. In simple terms, physical barriers	barriers	NOUN	prevent	VERB	 prevent
Given joined Middlesbrough on a one month loan deal on 28 November 2013 as cover for the injured Jason Steele	Steele	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
According to the New York State Police, the site is legal for use as a repair stop or for	for	ADP	emergencies	NOUN	 emergencies
The linear wind speeds at this level are about 100 ± 10 m / s at lower than 50°	°	NUM	latitude	NOUN	 latitude
His decision to take his protege Conley (whom Redding and Walden had contracted directly to Atco / Atlantic Records	Records	PROPN	rather	ADV	 rather
For example, the Ravnica block format consists of Ravnica: City of Guilds, Guildpact, and Dissension.	.	PUNCT	Only	ADV	 Only
He is the recipient of six Laurence Olivier Awards, a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, a	a	DET	Screen	PROPN	 Screen
The rioters broke through the security presence and invaded the pitch again. The leader of the demonstrators ran up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Two days later, two additional demonstrators were killed in Warsaw. On July 22, 1983, martial law	law	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
However, he did remove scenes which he felt " didn't fit ", or did not match the	the	DET	PG	PROPN	 PG
On his first day for filming series three, Penry Jones participated in a fight scene in the middle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During Cope's 35 year broadcasting career with the Steelers — the longest term with a single team in NFL	NFL	PROPN	history	NOUN	 history
From 2006 to 2008, they played in every French Open and Wimbledon final. They then met in the	the	DET	2009	NUM	 2009
This editing also provided some lighter moments. One of Jeffery's assistants recalled, " Hendrix played me a	a	DET	tape	NOUN	 tape
The legal case resulted in considerable publicity for Hammerton, culminating in the release of the song " The Ferry	Ferry	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Its nearly flat summit was formed as a result of cone building eruptions from separated vents. Air travelers flying	flying	VERB	the	DET	 the
The group searching for recognition, began playing at various small venues locally around Ohio. The Troutman family had	had	VERB	long	ADV	 long
According to some feminist writers, Hutchinson may have been persecuted because, in preaching, she was stepping beyond	beyond	ADP	the	DET	 the
As of January 2013, the majority of foreign workers held on death row in Saudi Arabia come from Indonesia	Indonesia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On its page the administrator stated that after hearing about the threat, his wife and children left to the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
By its own unaided force and effect, it abolished slavery and established universal freedom. Still, legislation may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Noades claimed he was reported out of context, an allegation rejected by the programmes makers, and his comments	comments	NOUN	stunned	VERB	 stunned
Although kings and marquesses enjoyed many privileges, the imperial court was at times aggressive towards them to check their	their	PRON	power	NOUN	 power
Much of the action scenes were shot in front of a green screen. A 1983 Yak 52 was used	used	VERB	throughout	ADP	 throughout
Although Barber indicated that the decision of the commission to represent the statue without its pedestal represented progress toward the	the	DET	point	NOUN	 point
" To meet Cardus's requirements, the players were sometimes " enlarged ", notably Emmott Robinson, the	the	DET	veteran	NOUN	 veteran
In 1998, the journal African Primates published three papers by primatologists on the false potto. Colin Groves affirmed	affirmed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
According to Mills, " [if] we could prove to [Ralph Winter] that we needed something	something	PRON	to	PART	 to
Screenwriter Barney Cohen felt Jarvis would become a substitute for Jason, but the idea was never fully developed in	in	ADP	A	DET	 A
With the return of all three line mate and new rules designed to increase offensive chances the Canucks entered the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Like many other communities in Anglesey, and elsewhere in medieval Wales, Llanllibio's population decreased substantially during the	the	DET	Middle	PROPN	 Middle
The route departs westward from Camphin en Pévèle along the rue de Cysoing towards Camphin de l ' Arbre.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
However, the upper surface is approximately level. The front faces of these platforms are about 1.7 metres (	(	PUNCT	5.6	NUM	5.6
He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York	York	PROPN	's	PART	's
Peter Mahovlich then scored a critical goal while Canada was short handed, deking out the Soviet defender one on	on	ADP	one	NUM	 one
After farming failures in Queensland and on the Murrumbidgee River near Wagga Wagga, his father Richard moved to a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
By far, China has the largest production with 120,000 tonnes mined per year; it is followed by the	the	DET	US	PROPN	 US
To help meet the housing needs for the factory's many employees, 184 houses were built nearby. In	In	ADP	1896	NUM	 1896
In attendance was Winston Churchill, General Wilson, General Alexander, Admiral of the Fleet Sir Andrew Cunningham and	and	CCONJ	Major	PROPN	 Major
" The game was published by Acclaim Entertainment and released in North America in March 1992 and in Europe on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Maurice Binder created the title sequence and introduced the gun barrel motif that appears in all the Eon Bond films	films	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
AllMusic gave the record a five star review, praising the record's disco tinged funk and mainstream pop blend	blend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In developing the story O'Bannon had focused on writing the Alien first, putting off developing the characters for a	a	DET	later	ADJ	 later
Although the Loons were afforded respect as principal peace chiefs, this status was not permanent. The Cranes,	,	PUNCT	led	VERB	 led
But it kind of reminds me of praying [in] that it continues to have the impact, and	and	CCONJ	does	AUX	 does
" Along with producer Swizz Beatz, No I.D. and Nas related to the latter's lyrics concerning divorce during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reynolds ' first electronic accounting service was introduced in 1963. Its parts inventory software product, called Electronic Parts	Parts	PROPN	Inventory	PROPN	 Inventory
River Oaks Park includes the Pumpkin Carriage, intended to evoke Cinderella's carriage. Around 2003 Friends of River	River	PROPN	Oaks	PROPN	 Oaks
Theophanes reports that the Arabs broke their promise and enslaved the entire population, which was deported to the Caliphate	Caliphate	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Wyatt saw the shooting and pistol whipped Brocius, knocking him unconscious, and arrested him. Wyatt later told	told	VERB	his	PRON	 his
During the siege, Edmund Wyndham and Blake exchanged letters; Wyndham initially wrote to explain that he felt the	the	DET	siege	NOUN	 siege
The vimana is a Rekha deula (a tall building with a shape of sugarloaf), 60 feet (	(	PUNCT	18	NUM	18
During this portion of the battle, the ship was hit once, on the starboard No. 4 gun	gun	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This specimen was 6.4 m (21 ft) long and had a body mass estimated at 3,324 kg (	(	PUNCT	7,328	NUM	7,328
In 1932 – 33, McCabe made his breakthrough at international level in the First Test of the infamous Bodyline	Bodyline	PROPN	series	NOUN	 series
The Parthian Empire had no standing army, yet were able to quickly recruit troops in the event of local	local	ADJ	crises	NOUN	 crises
This was the Buccaneers ' sixth come from behind win of the season and they finished with a 4 0	0	NUM	road	NOUN	 road
Lo performed the song several occasions, including on Swedish radio station P3, at the Norwegian by: Larm	Larm	NOUN	festival	NOUN	 festival
Another problem exists for the juvenile salmon headed downstream to the ocean. Previously, this journey would have taken	taken	VERB	two	NUM	 two
The episode's teleplay was written by co executive producer David H. Goodman based on a story by executive story	story	NOUN	editors	NOUN	 editors
When the uranium ore is rich in such minerals as dolomite, magnesite, etc., those minerals consume	consume	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
Having secured the accession of the princely states, the Government of India between 1948 and 1950 turned to the	the	DET	task	NOUN	 task
But the difference between a good film and real life is that in real life there's the next day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The original broadcast of " Entrada " occurred on December 2, 2010 in the United States. According to	to	ADP	Nielsen	PROPN	 Nielsen
Komori was appointed the commander of all Japanese forces in the Arawe area, which were subsequently designated the Komori	Komori	PROPN	Force	PROPN	 Force
Despite many requests for clemency, all appeals were denied, and Williams was executed in 1913. The case	case	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Mahan shot down four but took three direct kamikaze hits, as David Sears observed in At War With the	the	DET	Wind	PROPN	 Wind
The dominant costs of solar power plants are the capital cost, and therefore any associated financing and depreciation.	.	PUNCT	Though	SCONJ	 Though
Another project combining the T 34 tank chassis with the D 15 gun was also considered. Designated SU D15	D15	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Weighting of the 2001 Census data gives a figure of 154,791 people with Cornish ethnicity living in Cornwall. The	The	DET	Cornish	PROPN	 Cornish
It was designed to provide a by pass for traffic from the M4 to the Vale of Glamorgan. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The exhibition hosts screens playing back scenes from films such as 1912's In Nacht und Eis and 1997's	's	PART	Titanic	PROPN	 Titanic
During inhalation, the external intercostal muscles expand the ribs, allowing the animal to take in more air,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
" They were inseparable for much of the rest of Beiderbecke's career, with Trumbauer acting as a father	father	NOUN	figure	NOUN	 figure
A priority was the establishment of a restaurant, which would not only augment the estate's income, but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
To add to their difficulties, in most unions they were obliged to pay out of their own pockets for	for	ADP	any	DET	 any
At the end of 2006, Sports Illustrated magazine estimated Vick's annual income between his NFL salary and endorsements	endorsements	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
As his streak continued deeper into the 21st season, Jennings was inching closer and closer to Olmstead's record	record	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hammill subsequently announced that the band would be continuing as a trio, for live and studio work, without	without	ADP	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
The gnomes give Rip some magic schnapps to drink, and under its influence he goes to sleep for 20	20	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
As in humans, the dorsal nerve distribution was unique in being devoid of nerves at the 12 o '	'	PUNCT	clock	NOUN	 clock
In 1998, Q placed Rumours at number three — behind The Clash's London Calling and Pink Floyd's	's	PART	The	DET	 The
Rip currents from Nate and the more distant Maria killed one and injured another in New Jersey; several others	others	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
988 – 1012). The town was described by Jerusalemite geographer al Muqaddasi in the late 10th century as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Only some of my clothes are by designers. " She did, however, wear the custom work of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
" In 1874, the House of Keys moved to the Court House in Douglas, and five years later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In October, she was a featured speaker for Wayland Baptist University. Bush was keynote speaker at the Go	Go	PROPN	Red	PROPN	 Red
" More than a Woman " and " I Care 4 U " were released as posthumous singles and peaked	peaked	VERB	within	ADP	 within
The mine is in mountains that are part of a salt range, a mineral rich mountain system extending about	about	ADV	200	NUM	 200
The EP was made available as a free download and also saw a limited CD release, bundled with remix	remix	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
The Stoney Littleton Long Barrow stands on a limestone ridge overlooking Wellow Brook and the village of Wellow. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The stronger the upper trough picking up the tropical cyclone, the more significant the left of track shift in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The siblings played with rudimentary equipment; a lump of wood was substituted for a bat and cork wrapped in	in	ADP	socks	NOUN	 socks
This totaled 18.32 million viewers. The episode had the third highest ratings of the third season. " Grotesque	Grotesque	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Along the Eastern Shore of Virginia, Isabel produced sustained winds reaching 50 mph (80 km / h)	)	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
There was, however, also a third award, the Medal of Courage, meant to recognize acts of	of	ADP	gallantry	NOUN	 gallantry
It was led by the United States with the support of the United Kingdom and Canada. From 1942 to	to	ADP	1946	NUM	 1946
Chase and Aykroyd explain that during the Cold War, the Soviet Union turned dozens of American citizens into sleeper	sleeper	ADJ	agents	NOUN	 agents
Retiring from the stage during World War II, Bosse considered moving back to Norway's capital Oslo, the	the	DET	home	NOUN	 home
He was admittedly frustrated with Vigneault's defensive coaching style. Furthermore, since Bertuzzi's departure in the summer	summer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Washington replied, " That's what I done [sic] " and quietly apologized. The lead prosecutor	prosecutor	NOUN	addressed	VERB	 addressed
Shunari was ordered to seize the Lexicon Tirtur junction. He sent the tank company ahead first, which initially	initially	ADV	reported	VERB	 reported
They do so, much to the satisfaction of Glade and Sears. " Frank H. Crane Violet Heming Alphonse	Alphonse	PROPN	Ethier	PROPN	 Ethier
Some Machiavellian hand may be at work in this new game of international politics and the British Admiralty is suspected	suspected	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
This type of headache is referred to as " sentinel headache ", because it is presumed to result from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
During recording, Cleese and Baker also recorded two short comedy skits for the BBC Christmas tape. City of	of	ADP	Death	PROPN	 Death
In December 2005, he was named team captain as part of the Wild's monthly rotating captaincy (he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Quwatli did not believe the armies of Syria and the Arab world were ready to successfully confront Jewish forces and	and	CCONJ	as	SCONJ	 as
As team captain at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, he was noted for helping his teammates understand everything that was	was	AUX	going	VERB	 going
The chief of police reveals himself as Ushi oni and starts eating the humans trapped in the shelter. Sagisaka	Sagisaka	PROPN	sacrifices	VERB	 sacrifices
Put in position the next day, it started lobbing shells at the fort. Montgomery then began planning the	the	DET	placement	NOUN	 placement
Two days later, while returning to the UK, Fearless collided with the trawler Flying Wing and was repaired	repaired	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Familism, the theology of the Family of Love, involved one's perfect union with God under the Holy	Holy	PROPN	Spirit	PROPN	 Spirit
His death was officially ruled as a suicide. The band headed back into the studio to record their fourth	fourth	ADJ	studio	NOUN	 studio
On 17 April 1998, the U.S. Army reactivated the " 172nd Infantry Brigade (Separate) " and reflagged	reflagged	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The game was also planned to have branching paths and upgrades to find throughout. Maverick Hunter was going	going	VERB	to	PART	 to
She never saw Ishara again; the latter joined the " Coalition ", one of the factions on the	the	DET	planet	NOUN	 planet
Furious was detached from the 1st CS and ordered to sweep along the 56th parallel as far as 4°	°	NUM	East	PROPN	 East
During season 5 of 30 Rock, he appeared as guest star in the role of Liz Lemon's boyfriend	boyfriend	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Alvin Kersh (James Pickens, Jr.) sends Doggett to the Gulf to investigate, but Mulder is already	already	ADV	present	ADJ	 present
The video was produced by Ridley and Tony Scott's RSA Films. The musical director was Paul Mirkovich.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The game is acknowledged for having boosted the sales of PlayStation consoles and popularizing Japanese role playing video games outside	outside	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
It's a very sexy record, but it's fun. It's [got] great melodies;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
From 1971 through to the late 1980s, Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R rating	rating	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
In this case the sample is often usable. Shells from both marine and land organisms consist almost entirely of	of	ADP	calcium	NOUN	 calcium
Presidents could be used by the national government to influence, or even rig, elections, although to be	be	AUX	effective	ADJ	 effective
Its futility was predicted by the charge's commander, Lt. Gen. James Longstreet, and it was arguably	arguably	ADV	an	DET	 an
Beyoncé took inspiration from Solange, who helped in the writing process of the song, and former Destiny's	's	PART	Child	PROPN	 Child
There is some cycle storage available. The station is managed by Great Western Railway, who also operate all	all	DET	rail	NOUN	 rail
When asked whether she wanted to work with anyone on the composition, she suggested Suzuki and Sekito. The	The	DET	general	ADJ	 general
On 19 December 1778, the Queen gave birth to a daughter, who was named Marie Thérèse Charlotte de	de	PROPN	France	PROPN	 France
It was followed three years later with Mis Teeq's " Scandalous ", which peaked at No. 35	35	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Ventura soon offered Geldray a job and in 1937 Geldray moved to Paris. While in Paris, he went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Since these passengers are sometimes depicted as dismounting they may be taken to represent the apobatai, participants in the	the	DET	ceremonial	ADJ	 ceremonial
There is capacity for 15,000 spectators. For the Olympics, a 5 km (3.1 mi) long loop	loop	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Kirkland's stepfather was a lieutenant in World War II and was injured while in combat. Cooder was modeled	modeled	VERB	after	ADP	 after
" There are dissenters to the praise. The writer Alan Bennett thinks that " inspired though his language is	is	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
Instead he spent much of his time reading works by Wells, Carl Jung, and Samuel Butler, and	and	CCONJ	working	VERB	 working
The town's clergymen and the principal of the Romney Classical Institute were the only non members who were extended	extended	VERB	privileges	NOUN	 privileges
Along the border of Mount Pleasant Township and Bloomsburg, Fishing Creek picks up Little Fishing Creek at a distance	distance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
But can a virtuous man hesitate in his choice? " A group of hunters on the frontier named their	their	PRON	campsite	ADJ	 campsite
The most commonly used cylinder valve type is the single outlet plain valve, sometimes known as a " K	K	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Smith held most of the British politicians he dealt with in extremely low esteem, considering them to have	have	AUX	pushed	VERB	 pushed
As Virchow was uncertain of the etiology of the white blood cell excess, he used the purely descriptive term	term	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Academic debate over the Commission's value has been strong. On the one hand, William Holdsworth wrote that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Its performance aided its parent album in becoming her breakthrough record, which eventually attained platinum certifications in Brazil,	,	PUNCT	Colombia	PROPN	 Colombia
Analysis of her visions is problematic since the main source of information on this topic is the condemnation trial transcript	transcript	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The dinosaur show itself, Sitting with Dinosaurs, is based on the live Walking with Dinosaurs show. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
" Operation: Sleeper " was rated as a 7.5, as was " Buried Secrets ". " Room	Room	NOUN	23	NUM	 23
At the same time, the 1st and 2nd Regiments of the NK 9th Division, in their first offensive	offensive	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Nation of Ulysses published a zine called " Ulysses Speaks, " which was an extension of their ideology	ideology	NOUN	expressed	VERB	 expressed
After completion in mid 1863, the ship patrolled the Mississippi River against Confederate raids and ambushes as part of	of	ADP	Rear	PROPN	 Rear
NY 36 turns northwest here, following NY 63 along Main Street for two blocks before returning west on Ossian	Ossian	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
In November of the same year they were back in church for the baptism of their firstborn child. The	The	DET	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
In a letter to Stern and FBI director Robert Mueller, Thomas said that Donaghy's conduct may have violated	violated	VERB	Arizona	PROPN	 Arizona
Finally, the airborne forces lacked a single, coherent policy, with no clear idea as to how they	they	PRON	should	AUX	 should
A " Fear Kratos " version of the bust was also produced (100 units) that year, based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In 2000 Q magazine placed Quadrophenia at # 56 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
However, the services sought different characteristics in their aircraft – the RAF desired a single seat fighter with secondary	secondary	ADJ	intercept	NOUN	 intercept
The lumber industry grew rapidly, replacing furs as the key economic resource. Grain production began to develop late	late	ADV	during	ADP	 during
On 15 June Disraeli tabled the Metropolis Local Management Amendment Bill, a proposed amendment to the 1855 Act;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
When Bounty returned to Tahiti, on 22 September, the welcome was much less effusive than previously. The	The	DET	Tahitians	PROPN	 Tahitians
Hurlbut received a bachelor's degree from Emerson College, where he majored in film and television. He graduated	graduated	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Bobby Brown – lead vocals, songwriting, co production Gene Griffin – songwriting, mixing, co production Teddy	Teddy	PROPN	Riley	PROPN	 Riley
In 1922 he wrote a primer on cricket titled The Art of Cricket published by Methuen & Co, London	London	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One month later, the French patrol vessel Jupiter I was mined off Calais. These were the last two	two	NUM	ships	NOUN	 ships
Sauber's Mika Salo was fifth quickest, ahead of Fisichella. Trulli, Heidfeld, Ralf Schumacher and Frentzen	Frentzen	PROPN	followed	VERB	 followed
President Grant said of the amendment that it " completes the greatest civil change and constitutes the most important event	event	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
At its eastern terminus, Highway 409 crosses Kipling Avenue and merges onto Highway 401 express and collector lanes,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Gutowski finds evidence of what he calls the " protofestival " pattern throughout the United States. In addition to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Modern researchers determined that the system developed on September 25 about 220 miles (350 km) east of Guadeloupe	Guadeloupe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He also assisted Gillain with the setting up of Totale Journal, a publication he would later work for again	again	ADV	upon	SCONJ	 upon
Show runner Mike Reiss said he will always remember it as the episode " that came back animated with a	a	DET	thousand	NUM	 thousand
Although suffering a rupture of his cruciate ligament, which kept him off the field for almost six months,	,	PUNCT	Kahn	PROPN	 Kahn
He attended The King's School, Canterbury, from 1769, where he was such a good student that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
As champions of the Football League, Burnley qualified for the Charity Shield, then known as the Dewar Shield	Shield	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Aigrettes, as the plumes were called in the millinery business, sold in 1915 for $32 an ounce	ounce	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On December 8, 1863, Anton Holter (who later became a Montana Power Company executive and had Holter	Holter	PROPN	Dam	PROPN	 Dam
Axles spaced less than 40 inches (102 cm) apart are considered a single axle. In effect,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This portion of the highway is still known today by the latter name. The highway through Keene Valley from	from	ADP	Underwood	PROPN	 Underwood
They didn't want to be in Rosewood after dark. We always asked, but folks wouldn't say	say	VERB	why	SCONJ	 why
She becomes Lincoln's lawyer and appears as a major character in the first season. Peter Stormare as John	John	PROPN	Abruzzi	PROPN	 Abruzzi
In a close 21 – 15 win over Illinois, Bell scored two first quarter touchdowns and carried the ball	ball	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Anonymous, for instance, first writes of the " Slavs, Bulgarians, Vlachs and the shepherds of the	the	DET	Romans	PROPN	 Romans
His secret passion for writing music is revealed at the end of series two, which was influenced by Ross	Ross	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The team began training camp on June 3 at the Marion Military Institute in Marion, Alabama, and broke	broke	VERB	camp	NOUN	 camp
In 2004, Total Film magazine named A Hard Day's Night the 42nd greatest British film of all time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Evidence of this layer cake structure is visible on Mount Norwottuck of the Holyoke Range in Massachusetts. The summit	summit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 26 November, Japanese Lieutenant General Hitoshi Imamura took command of the newly formed Eighth Area Army at Rabaul	Rabaul	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was this fear that haunted me; it taunted and pained me every moment. My music was probably	probably	ADV	the	DET	 the
In 1996, a team led by biologist David Burney collected breccias containing bats and other animals from the cave	cave	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Photograph " served as the fifth and final single from the album. It reached the top five on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The habit of photographing victims, and the notion of killing women to use them as props, stems from	from	ADP	killer	NOUN	 killer
The son of a doctor, he was educated at Cheltenham College and won a scholarship to King's College	College	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The classic photomultiplier tube exploits the photoelectric effect: a photon of sufficient energy strikes a metal plate and knocks	knocks	VERB	free	VERB	 free
In contrast, drugs that induce cytochrome P450 enzymes, such as St John's wort, the antibiotic rifampicin	rifampicin	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Vanadium phosphates have been proposed as the cathode in the Lithium Vanadium Phosphate Battery, another type of lithium ion	ion	NOUN	battery	NOUN	 battery
Other than some dubious collections in the 1830s and 1840s, no further sightings are known to have been made	made	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Both proposals had been absorbed into the Great Northern Railway (GNR) by the time an Act of Parliament	Parliament	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
See also United States v. Buras (argument that the taxpayer can be subject to an excise tax only if	if	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Following problems with his power unit in both the Chinese and Russian Grand Prix, Lewis Hamilton received a redesigned	redesigned	VERB	MGU	PROPN	 MGU
The first strikes in the country since the start of the war broke out in 1915, steadily increasing in	in	ADP	frequency	NOUN	 frequency
The second CD, titled Primal Feather, was released on 25 April 2012, followed by a third CD	CD	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Seen as a problem in geometry, the task is to compute the vector to a starting point by adding	adding	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was given the Ensign C. Markland Kelly, Jr. Award in 2006 in recognition of being the best National	National	PROPN	Collegiate	PROPN	 Collegiate
The writer and poet Blake Morrison treated the subject in his suite of poems Pendle Witches, published in 1996	1996	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the game characterized by Merkle's Boner, Tinker hit an inside the park home run against Christy Mathewson	Mathewson	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Smith was a notoriously reticent and shy individual that only granted one interview during his lifetime, in which he	he	PRON	relayed	VERB	 relayed
She also created a mobile temporary work for Chanel that was displayed in Hong Kong, Tokyo and New York	York	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The fungus produces tiny yellow cups up to 3 mm (0.12 in) in diameter, often without stalks	stalks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eternal Punishment begins when Maya is sent to write a story about the Joker phenomenon: according to rumor,	,	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
The two advanced south to face Ragnall, and this led to a battle somewhere on the banks of the	the	DET	River	PROPN	 River
In a January – February 11 game homestand, the Rage only won 2 games, falling to 9 32	32	NUM	3	NUM	 3
Bultmann believed that the cultural embeddedness of the Bible could be overcome by demythologising the Bible, a process which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
They fired 125.85 kilogram (277.5 lb) projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 840 m / s (2,800	2,800	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
Nobody would have dreamed of calling himself an atheist. " Atheism was first used to describe a self avowed	avowed	VERB	belief	NOUN	 belief
She won a few local races and trained with Canisius ' men's cross country team. Wittenberg also trained	trained	VERB	with	ADP	 with
) The Increased Performance Engine (IPE) program led to the 29,588 lbf (131.6 kN) F110 GE	GE	PROPN	129	NUM	 129
Wenemouet then took up the peace cause within the wider Wabanaki Confederacy, sending belts of wampum representing peace to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Iona was an early religious centre, and was said to be the burial place of the kings of Alba	Alba	PROPN	until	ADP	 until
Lento (Ahir Bhairav) 7: 52 minutes, III. Scherzo (DoGa Kalyan) 8: 49	49	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Rather than follow the valley of the River Chess, which would have been the most convenient route to Chesham	Chesham	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The west tower is almost internal, barely projecting beyond the rounded corner of the curtain wall, and could	could	AUX	only	ADV	 only
A later study, while agreeing that the pigmented area represented something originally inside the body, found no defined	defined	VERB	structure	NOUN	 structure
They defeated Dynamo Dresden and Portuguese team Benfica in the second round and quarter finals, respectively. In the	the	DET	semi	ADJ	 semi
The division's personnel and equipment were transferred to the newly raised 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile). Inspired	Inspired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
With DARPA funded research, SRI contributed to the development of speech recognition and translation products and was an active	active	ADJ	participant	NOUN	 participant
" John Lannert described Mi Tierra for the Sun Sentinel as " Estefan`s Latin ' unplugged ' album " and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
On a surprise inspection of the Palm Island Prison during an official visit in the late 1960s, Senator Jim	Jim	PROPN	Keeffe	PROPN	 Keeffe
Inland, ducks such as mallard, teal, wigeon and pochard can be found along with heron, snipe	snipe	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Cameron felt the Titanic sinking was " like a great novel that really happened ", but that the	the	DET	event	NOUN	 event
In most Western music, tone clusters tend to be heard as dissonant. Clusters may be performed with almost	almost	ADV	any	PRON	 any
Even then, there was a great deal of mistrust between Wayne and his men; Wayne had to keep	keep	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The enzyme aminoacyl tRNA synthetase " charges " the tRNA molecules with the correct amino acids. The growing polypeptide	polypeptide	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Water and Land Company soon went bankrupt, but William Beardsley would keep the project alive. Work had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Kepler 10b's discovery excited astronomers, who hoped to use data about it to inquire into the formation and	and	CCONJ	structure	NOUN	 structure
However, it has not been known when and where the animals have been introduced to Africa. In Cameroon	Cameroon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On the other hand, many Koreans did not speak Japanese well, and the eagerness of Okinawans to engage	engage	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Dr. Hatcher, the President of LSU, resigned his position in February 1947 because of ill health. The	The	DET	search	NOUN	 search
He also had two daughters, Constantina and Helena, wife of Emperor Julian. Although he earned his honorific	honorific	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This latter fact was reflected in the game's point spread. On December 9, shortly after the matchup	matchup	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Mysterio, Morrison, and Jericho entered first and were locked into pods. The Undertaker was the fourth to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
The Easys go on to have a reconciliation scene which is much more low keyed and tasteful than that in	in	ADP	Love	PROPN	 Love
To many people across the world, the house sparrow is the most familiar wild animal and, because of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Shortly after, Byrom added a fourth goal to his tally in Stevenage colours in April 2010, scoring from	from	ADP	six	NUM	 six
They formed Johnson Voorsanger Productions, and serious work on the game began soon after. Their status as commercial	commercial	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
The prisoners ' library had grown during the 18th century, mainly through ad hoc purchases and various confiscations by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Within five years, nearly all the prickly pear cactus of southern Madagascar had been completely wiped out, sparking	sparking	VERB	a	DET	 a
It also marked the third consecutive year with pre season tropical or subtropical cyclones in the basin. Ana formed	formed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The magnitude of the electromagnetic force, whether attractive or repulsive, is given by Coulomb's law, which	which	PRON	relates	VERB	 relates
Spiders have been present for many decades both in film and on television, predominantly in the horror genre.	.	PUNCT	Those	PRON	 Those
Farrell graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in civil engineering in 1912. During World War I,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
To accommodate production of its new airliner, Boeing doubled the size of the Everett factory at the cost of	of	ADP	nearly	ADV	 nearly
The album reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart and the lead single, " Makes Me Wonder	Wonder	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Tides at Lake Pontchartrain were 2 feet (0.61 m) to 3 feet (0.91 m) above normal	normal	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Her final years were spent in relative financial comfort; several years before his death, Worsley had invested in	in	ADP	shares	NOUN	 shares
Townsend died in Fairfax on 25 January 1976 at the age of 75. Historians have noted the stridency with	with	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Vincent and the Grenadines, currently Sir Frederick	Frederick	PROPN	Ballantyne	PROPN	 Ballantyne
Between 1879 and 1885, the Willamette River was charted by Cleveland S. Rockwell, a topographical engineer and cartographer	cartographer	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
During the early stages of the occupation, they campaigned for harsher anti Jewish laws. Both Rex and the	the	DET	VNV	PROPN	 VNV
Demonstrators frequently used the slogan that was used by demonstrators the day before the coup, " Better the war	war	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
Originally, the game was based around a shooting mechanic with very different controls. A desire to focus on	on	ADP	jumping	NOUN	 jumping
The Animatrix (2003), based on the The Matrix trilogy, contains an anime short film in classic	classic	ADJ	noir	ADJ	 noir
Groza had a 52 yard field goal in the game, a record for a championship or Super Bowl that	that	PRON	stood	VERB	 stood
From the end of July to mid August during the game's original release, it was featured in a	a	DET	crossover	NOUN	 crossover
The phalanx was vulnerable to being outflanked by cavalry, if caught on the wrong terrain, however. The	The	DET	hoplite	NOUN	 hoplite
US 395 ran concurrently along the route from downtown San Diego to the intersection with Fairmount Avenue. By 1942	1942	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Valve decided to create a platform that would update games automatically and implement stronger anti piracy and anti cheat measures	measures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It primarily targeted upper class readers as well as an aspirational middle class audience, featuring photographs, poems,	,	PUNCT	fiction	NOUN	 fiction
In secret, however, he lives a double life as a member of an all animal espionage organization referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Along with parts of Moss Side and Withington, in 1885 Bradford, Harpurhey and Rusholme became part of the	the	DET	City	PROPN	 City
With it, Cortana activates a new ringworld being constructed. While the Flood are destroyed as planned, the	the	DET	slipspace	NOUN	 slipspace
While serving as Scott Heron's and Jackson's only album for the independent label, Winter in America helped	helped	VERB	Strata	PROPN	 Strata
The storm caused a total of about $20 million (2002 USD) in damage and three fatalities.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The vocals on the album were always live after rehearsing each song five or six times, according to saxophonist	saxophonist	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the 1980s, his lifestyle was considered modest in comparison to those of many other Arab leaders. Gaddafi	Gaddafi	PROPN	allegedly	ADV	 allegedly
The genus currently includes the following species: Oryzomys contains medium sized, semiaquatically specialized oryzomyine rodents. They have	have	VERB	long	ADV	 long
Six years later, a second law was passed that moved the main office for the school to a newly	newly	ADV	constructed	VERB	 constructed
During the season, he was also selected to the initial squad for the AFL Hall of Fame all star	star	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
Fico slowly weakened as it turned to the northwest over cooler waters, and became an extratropical cyclone on July	July	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Mulder interviews Michelle Wilkes (Jennifer Clement), Betts ' former partner, who recollects his ability to detect	detect	VERB	cancer	NOUN	 cancer
Mary denied writing them, arguing that her handwriting was not difficult to imitate, and insisted they were forgeries	forgeries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Magic effects creator Sean Field stated of Angel this year that, " Criss Angel is the biggest name in	in	ADP	magic	NOUN	 magic
The song's lyrics tie in with a number of themes common in OK Computer, including insanity, violence	violence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Among them was " Die Erscheinung " (D 229), written in July that year; John Reed	Reed	PROPN	sees	VERB	 sees
However, the offense continued to be a disappointment. Brown had been jettisoned and replaced by Kanell and Kent	Kent	PROPN	Graham	PROPN	 Graham
In addition, many tribal councils have passed resolutions or issued statements regarding their opposition to the name of the	the	DET	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
As part of the preparation, IBM constructed a mock set in a conference room at one of its technology	technology	NOUN	sites	NOUN	 sites
Mulder hears footsteps behind him and turns around to see Linda Bowman pointing a gun at him; " Linda	Linda	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
During the period 1142 – 1148 Chesney forced Gloucester Abbey, then under the abbacy of his nephew Gilbert Foliot	Foliot	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Act includes a number of miscellaneous points, mainly in Sections 5 and 6. The Act and its	its	PRON	provisions	NOUN	 provisions
The more she worked with the poor in her foundation, the more she adopted an outraged attitude toward the	the	DET	existence	NOUN	 existence
Designing each item required the developers to go word by word. Slaczka stated that certain kinds of words,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Work was halted on 31 December 1914. By this time Greece had only paid AG Vulcan £450,000.	.	PUNCT	Bethlehem	PROPN	 Bethlehem
Brody is vindicated when more shark attacks occur at the crowded beach in broad daylight. Sinyard calls the film	film	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Large flight feathers are found on the wings and tail, contour feathers cover the bird's surface and fine	fine	ADJ	down	ADV	 down
The riders then began the climb of the Col de Tamié, which was followed by the ascent of Col	Col	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle for its children's supplement Le Petit Vingtième, it was	was	AUX	serialised	VERB	 serialised
Research conducted about the show's affects showed that viewers gained in four major areas: basic knowledge, blood	blood	NOUN	safety	NOUN	 safety
This problem was first alluded to in 1958 in public talks that mentioned Zeus ' inability to discriminate targets.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
On 25 May 1871 Pedro II and his wife traveled to Europe. He had long desired to vacation abroad	abroad	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In 1669 Frances Conyers of New Hall had " cole pits " in Middleton. The pits were small and	and	CCONJ	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
Technically this was not Wolfe's first sale, as he had already had " The Dead Man " published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Chlorophyll absorbs green light poorly because it first arose in organisms living in oceans where purple halobacteria were already exploiting	exploiting	VERB	photosynthesis	NOUN	 photosynthesis
While the third story was the residence of the Dalai Lama, the second floor had the images Amitayus and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
In the United Kingdom, she shared her time between Spencer House, London, the residence of her youngest	youngest	ADJ	son	NOUN	 son
This force was far too small for the tactics that he wanted to use. He flew in the lead	lead	NOUN	plane	NOUN	 plane
He was not selected for any of the social clubs that dominated campus life, and he felt this exclusion	exclusion	NOUN	keenly	ADV	 keenly
Named after Vancouver's commuter rail service, the line consisted of Markus Naslund at left wing, Brendan Morrison	Morrison	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The nominate subspecies, A. p. parulus, is found in western Chile and in southwest Argentina south to Tierra	Tierra	PROPN	del	PROPN	 del
In 1989 the Florida Cracker Horse Association was founded and in 1991 a registry was established. After the registry	registry	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Unryū was initially equipped with 16 triple 25 mm (1 in) Type 96 and 3 single Type 96	96	NUM	AA	PROPN	 AA
The spokesperson further indicated that the ministry had not at that time received official filming requests from Valkyrie's producers	producers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is designed to retool Brawl to play more like its two predecessors, Super Smash Bros. (1999)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The drama documentary Codebreaker, about Turing's life, was aired by UK's Channel 4 in November 2011	2011	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The second completed the mission but was found to have lost brake power as it was returning to Tengah,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The pantropical subfamily Nasutitermitinae has a specialised caste of soldiers, known as nasutes, that have the ability to	to	PART	exude	VERB	 exude
Traffic was redirected, making all four lanes northbound to allow evacuations. Likewise, military installations such as NAS	NAS	PROPN	Pensacola	PROPN	 Pensacola
It is the seventh published game in the Metroid series, a direct sequel to Metroid Prime, and the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
From this log, transections were cut, and other divisions of it produced lumber, tabletops, and novelty	novelty	NOUN	items	NOUN	 items
Tolkien sent this revised version of the chapter " Riddles in the Dark " to Unwin as an example of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He immigrated to the United States in 1929 and joined his first strike in 1930; Itliong was only 14	14	NUM	when	SCONJ	 when
A few thick volumes, such as the 1967 paperback of Frank Herbert's Dune, were priced at 95	95	NUM	cents	NOUN	 cents
He finished the loan spell with 21 appearances, and after returning to Wrexham he was released after spending around	around	ADP	a	DET	 a
Armstrong flew the plane back to friendly territory, but due to the loss of the aileron, ejection was	was	AUX	his	PRON	 his
Shashthi explained the reason for the mother's ordeal and told her to ask pardon of the cat. The	The	DET	mother	NOUN	 mother
Older respondents are opposed to a name change, but those between 18 and 29 are strongly (70%	%	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The 1965 bell ringing was broadcast over the public address system at Wrigley Field in Chicago. Over the years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
M 130 ran along the northern banks of the river passing through primarily agricultural areas. The rural surroundings dominated	dominated	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
The piece is in the quick tempo allegretto (quickly), at 92 quarter notes per minute. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Tropical Depression continued its course and eventually dissipated over western Oklahoma on August 3. The remnants of Chantal then	then	ADV	moved	VERB	 moved
As part of his command duties, Howe was chosen by Washington as president of the court – martial convened	convened	VERB	to	PART	 to
In fact, Ra. One will be the first superhero based movie in the world in which the superhero	superhero	NOUN	lives	VERB	 lives
A month after disappearing the Viet Cong 274th Regiment had emerged without warning and had caught 7 RAR by surprise	surprise	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
No. 14 Australian General Hospital on the Suez Canal was full of malaria cases from the Jordan Valley with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Attendance was in decline across the league as the Great Depression took hold. The Habs posted a losing record	record	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Her acting and modeling career has included appearances in a variety of media, including films, television programs and	and	CCONJ	advertisements	NOUN	 advertisements
They indicate that the woodworking was positioned much lower than Bouts had intended; generally works painted on commission were	were	AUX	placed	VERB	 placed
According to Vulliamy, the detainees drank water from a river that was polluted with industrial waste and many suffered	suffered	VERB	from	ADP	 from
You can get lost in the cityscapes. " The Asian characters occasionally speak in their native tongues, their	their	PRON	words	NOUN	 words
As Tommy grows older, he discovers that he can feel vibrations sufficiently well to become an expert pinball player	player	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Offshore Kingscliff, New South Wales, a yacht capsized, forcing its two occupants to swim to land.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The survivors reunite at 815's cockpit. Jack knocks Locke to the ground, takes his gun and pulls	pulls	VERB	the	DET	 the
She was a drawing class assistant for Frank Weston Benson after graduation and the following year became an assistant drawing	drawing	NOUN	instructor	NOUN	 instructor
An agent in the New York office sent an e mail to FBI headquarters saying, " Whatever has happened	happened	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A total of $800,000 was spent between 1996 / 97 and 1998 / 99 on works that included restoring	restoring	VERB	the	DET	 the
In March 2012 it was announced that The Sword had signed a multi album worldwide deal with New York based	based	VERB	label	NOUN	 label
" In turn, flies hunt the mosquito " which is the food that they like best, " and	and	CCONJ	predators	NOUN	 predators
The pair made their observations independently on 4 December that year (24 November under the Julian calendar then used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After moving to 17 Queenscourt Road in 1948, where the Bests lived for nine years, Rory Best saw	saw	VERB	a	DET	 a
During the caution, the leading drivers, including Kenseth, elected to make pit stops for tires. Gordon	Gordon	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
In court he highlighted the list's longevity, and claimed that " nobody had ever been prosecuted for publishing	publishing	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In this rendition, a " ghost image " separates from Ishaan after the art competition and runs to the	the	DET	sports	NOUN	 sports
It was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Dennie Gordon. The episode first aired on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Amphetamine, for example, is a stimulant that increases release of norepinephrine as well as dopamine. Monoamine oxidase	oxidase	NOUN	inhibitors	NOUN	 inhibitors
Historians have reached a limited consensus on the basics of Jesus ' life. Jesus was Jewish and born to	to	ADP	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
By 1918, UVX also had its own smelter in its own company town, Clemenceau, a part of	of	ADP	Cottonwood	PROPN	 Cottonwood
However, neither of the two add ons were particularly well received by critics. StarCraft also marked the debut	debut	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Juristic discretion is defined as: A means to seek ease and convenience, To adopt tolerance and moderation,	,	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
Such faith as theirs & such conscientiousness set us a gt. example. " At Balmoral Castle, the	the	DET	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
Three plays later Mark Ingram ran it in from two yards out, and Alabama went ahead 7 – 6	6	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The song features guitar and bass instrumentation, and according to the Daily Mail, evokes the music of harmony	harmony	NOUN	groups	NOUN	 groups
Phantasia and Eternia have also received anime adaptations. The series ' first theatrical film, a prequel to Vesperia	Vesperia	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
However, the King and Queen drove down from Windsor to visit the dying man on 14 October. He	He	PRON	received	VERB	 received
It also explains the frequent use of ostraca and limestone flakes as writing media for shorter written works. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Already in 1878, voices sounded for Reitz to run for the presidency, but President Brand's position was	was	AUX	still	ADV	 still
This raised concerns as to the pace of the character's movement. Taking into account similar criticisms from fans	fans	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It consisted of 17 nonpartisan members who were elected or appointed from three different Norwegian groups — SNSK employees,	,	PUNCT	government	NOUN	 government
Sir Alf Ramsey briefly managed the club before Jim Smith took over in 1978. With relegation a certainty,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This scale was devised in 1971 to categorize tropical cyclones based on their maximum sustained winds. The storm is	is	AUX	estimated	VERB	 estimated
On the introduction of young Sherlock, Moffat noted that it was the logical course to take after the introduction	introduction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The judge tells Tritter that she does not believe House to be the drug dealer that Tritter tried to show	show	VERB	him	PRON	 him
" Thank God I Found You was performed live at the 2000 American Music Awards as well as on several	several	ADJ	European	ADJ	 European
Piper also stated that a figure of as many as 1.5 million total deaths was possible. By nation,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In response to Syria's worsening economy, which Nasser attributed to its control by the bourgeoisie, in July	July	PROPN	1961	NUM	 1961
" Desi Arnaz, Jr. voiced his support of the film, stating that he and his sister Lucie Arnaz	Arnaz	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the speech, he lampooned the remote town of Duluth, Minnesota. The Duluth speech was eventually reprinted	reprinted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Mountfort notably altered the use of a segmented arch rather than one in the Romanesque style; the latter of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
It is the fifth and final consecutive Bond film to be directed by John Glen. It also marks Timothy	Timothy	PROPN	Dalton	PROPN	 Dalton
Heartbroken over the loss of his lover, Wright did not mark the grave because he could not bear to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Will walks out on her and spends the night at the school, sleeping on one of the mattresses given	given	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Brown has supported a presumption of shared parenting after divorce and was a co sponsor of Fathers and Families HB	HB	PROPN	1460	NUM	 1460
Fellig takes a photo just as Ritter enters and shoots. The bullet passes right through the camera and through	through	ADP	Fellig	PROPN	 Fellig
Gough and Millar believed that Lana's behavior toward Clark (for refusing to reveal his secret) made her	her	PRON	come	VERB	 come
Licking and Harrison townships were original to the county. Washington Township, which is named after President George Washington	Washington	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Kofi Annan praised him as " an inspiration for all of us to act when we can and to have	have	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Constitution was the product of a series of constitutional conventions in the 1890s. The issues of religious freedom	freedom	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Drew Grant of The New York Observer, Claire's season long storyline was similar to the real	real	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
In 1938, he and Walter Grant oversaw excavations at the Neolithic settlement of Rinyo; excavation ceased during the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
A total of 102,069 were under the age of six, comprising 52,275 males and 49,794 females. The average	average	ADJ	literacy	NOUN	 literacy
The novel provides motivation and backstory to Snake and Hauk — both disillusioned war veterans — deepening their relationship that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He met Morton at a dinner party during World War I, in her hometown of Washington, D.C. Before	Before	ADP	the	DET	 the
Because of the physical size of the end fire array, few concert venues are able to implement it.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, at 230 South LaSalle Street, was built in a Greco Roman style	style	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The next day, Grant and Eric hear Paul's satellite phone ringing and are reunited with the Kirbys and	and	CCONJ	Billy	PROPN	 Billy
Several other authors suggested similar taxonomic rearrangements around the same time. In 1979, Herbert Thomas and Surinder Verma	Verma	PROPN	agreed	VERB	 agreed
Flight 232 took off at 14: 09 (CDT) from Stapleton International Airport, Denver, Colorado,	,	PUNCT	bound	VERB	 bound
Located at the intersection of Blackstone Avenue, Lake Park Avenue, and Forty Ninth Street, the library is	is	AUX	modeled	VERB	 modeled
The use of dried beef was so widespread that it was often called " Quaker gravy " in the 18th	18th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
His AIF appointment was terminated on 30 September 1916 and he was posted to the 5th Military District, the	the	DET	military	ADJ	 military
They composed the song and recorded Carey's vocals. Knowing she wanted to introduce a male vocalist on the	the	DET	track	NOUN	 track
Whitmore was replaced in the lead role by comedian Paul Lynde and Asher was replaced as producer by Duke Vincent	Vincent	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
USC was also at the top of the first AP Poll, released on August 18, with 62 of	of	ADP	65	NUM	 65
The cameras were fitted with Zeiss digital zoom lenses, making U2 3D the first 3D film shot using a	a	DET	zoom	NOUN	 zoom
Havers added, " He's been feeling terrible because he did the dirty on her and he wants to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Several more anti Christian outbursts followed. By 1736, there were better relations between the two groups. From	From	ADP	1761	NUM	 1761
He missed five weeks during the middle of the season and, although he was named best on ground in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
As the eruption continues, pressure and heat decrease and the chemistry of the lava becomes slightly more silica rich	rich	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Players not good enough to fall under the 140 Rule had their scholarships withdrawn before the end of each year	year	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
She was awarded a Worst Actress Razzie Award in 2005 for this role. She appeared at the ceremony to	to	PART	accept	VERB	 accept
The membership clause was in the portion of the Smith Act that made it a crime " to organize or	or	CCONJ	help	VERB	 help
Compton returned upon the fall of the fifth wicket to revive the innings and Lindwall ended with 4 / 99	99	NUM	after	ADP	 after
As mentioned, there are grounds for instead referring to this compound as astatine hydride. It is easily oxidized	oxidized	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Another trademark of Diamond Rio's sound is the custom built B Bender guitar played by Olander. He refers	refers	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The River Mersey forms Didsbury's southern and southwestern boundaries and certain stretches of the river also demarcate the boundaries	boundaries	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The book was adapted into a two part episode for the Goosebumps television series. Airing as episodes 8 and	and	CCONJ	9	NUM	 9
Despite this, they were always painted in whichever colour scheme was currently in use by the LSWR (SR	SR	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
The strongest winds were confined to a very small area near the edge of the convection. Initially, the	the	DET	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
This is, nonetheless, the only surviving 1215 copy still to have its great seal attached. Lincoln Cathedral	Cathedral	PROPN	's	PART	's
) The years since its initial release have solidified the high estimation of La Strada. It holds a 97	97	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Phosphorylation of a protein by a kinase can activate this cascade such as the mitogen activated protein kinase cascade.	.	PUNCT	ATP	PROPN	 ATP
Services were held in people's homes in Lynn and later in Hawthorne Hall, Boston. On January 31	31	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The band did a large amount of writing before leaving on tour, but upon completion of the tour,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Wilkins gave credit to other movements, such as the Freedom Rides, the integration of the University of Mississippi	Mississippi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1985, football ground writer Simon Inglis described the view from the main stand, which was still the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Other politicians who attended UH include Gene Green, a Democratic politician and a U.S. congressman from the state of	of	ADP	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
" Johansson received her fourth Golden Globe nomination, and one from the Chicago Film Critics Association, for Best	Best	PROPN	Supporting	VERB	 Supporting
Women are capable of rationality; it only appears that they are not, because men have refused to educate	educate	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Although I felt there were excellent interpretations of baroque music performed on modern instruments, I sensed that we'd	'd	AUX	come	VERB	 come
The occasion was marked by a parading of the Queen's Colour and a flypast by six CT 4s in	in	ADP	front	NOUN	 front
It was broadcast on July 17, 2011, and was the first original Breaking Bad episode in 13 months	months	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nevertheless, the book managed to break records regarding the number of copies pre ordered before the release. Nicholas	Nicholas	PROPN	Callaway	PROPN	 Callaway
He officially assumed that position when the 109th Congress convened on January 4, 2005. On March 9,	,	PUNCT	2006	NUM	 2006
It is known to have appeared in Missouri, United States, at least 4,000 years ago. Debates about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
At her old school, meanwhile, her classmates have been led to believe that she was chosen for an	an	DET	elite	ADJ	 elite
The standard Z 7 was fitted with Bramo 323P 1 radial engines and had a crew of three airmen.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
This species is mainly diurnal, especially in the north of its range. Further south it is said to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
India's higher speed rail will be in the range of 160 and 200 km / h (99 and	and	CCONJ	124	NUM	 124
In 1977, the pilot episode of The Amazing Spider Man television series was released by Columbia Pictures as a	a	DET	feature	NOUN	 feature
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, attended the funeral, the second time in the	the	DET	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
The Cyclops class ships had a complete waterline belt of wrought iron that was 8 inches (203 mm)	)	PUNCT	thick	ADJ	 thick
The French Air Force bombarded Antioch for 17 days until the rebels withdrew to Narlija. On 18 April,	,	PUNCT	taking	VERB	 taking
Lanthanum was first found by the Swedish chemist Carl Gustav Mosander in 1839 as an impurity in cerium nitrate –	–	PUNCT	hence	ADV	 hence
The city assumed maintenance of the road on May 1, after it had been paved from Tide Street to	to	ADP	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
" The Power of Equality " confronted topics concerning racial equality, prejudice and sexism. Kiedis wrote " I	I	PRON	Could	AUX	 Could
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer described helping Brown win the Mayoral race as his " biggest campaign priority "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, from 16 April onwards, it was apparent that the Nivelle Offensive was failing and Haig came under	under	ADP	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Polonius, spying on the conversation from behind a tapestry, makes a noise. Hamlet, believing it is	is	AUX	Claudius	PROPN	 Claudius
Some of them were seized by the protesters, who also broke into the local government buildings. 57 people	people	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Like much else concerning the tradition, its origins are not well understood, although the valleys around Tequila,	,	PUNCT	Jalisco	PROPN	 Jalisco
Biographer Barney Hoskyns observed that both the seclusion of Woodstock and the discipline and sense of tradition in the Hawks	Hawks	PROPN	'	PART	 '
During that same academic term, College President James O. Freedman predicted that the Greek system at Dartmouth would be	be	AUX	coeducational	ADJ	 coeducational
Johnson led on the lap 238 restart. Four laps later Kvapil made heavy contact with the wall after being	being	AUX	bumped	VERB	 bumped
Farmers resisted forced resettlement and petitioned for permanent land rights to the irrigated land (which was usually held as	as	ADP	property	NOUN	 property
He can do it by setting the negro free. Suppose that was an awful big snake down there,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
The song debuted at number 57 on the UK Singles Chart and number six on the UK R & B	B	PROPN	Singles	VERB	 Singles
" All the Best Cowboys Have Daddy Issues " received a 6.8 in the ages 18 – 49 demographic in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Adjacent to Polk Place is a sunken brick courtyard known as the Pit where students will gather, often engaging	engaging	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 18.2 knots (33.7 km / h; 20.9 mph) and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Infection by the fungal species Anthracostroma persooniae results in leaf spot disease. P. levis is the food plant of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She reminds Kurt that the club members value him highly and that he is not alone, and asks him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
Amaro received a standing ovation from the audience and panel of judges alike. The performance of Amaro also brought	brought	VERB	Nicole	PROPN	 Nicole
The Planning Screen has two maps; the smaller one on the bottom left shows the operational area and the	the	DET	larger	ADJ	 larger
His book provided a list of types of death (strangulation, drowning, poison, blows, etc.	.	X	)	PUNCT	)
Meanwhile, a broad high pressure area moved over the United States behind an intense storm that moved eastward into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
They now begin to manufacture their own army of Sunstreaker bodies. Shockwave and the Dynobots are excavated up by	by	ADP	archaeologists	NOUN	 archaeologists
A versatile athlete, he played as goalkeeper for the football clubs Hajduk in Osijek and HAŠK in Zagreb.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The album was originally intended to be frontman Neil Finn's third solo release. In the wake of Paul	Paul	PROPN	Hester	PROPN	 Hester
He turned down the offer of a posting home to Southern Rhodesia as an instructor and, after a refresher	refresher	NOUN	course	NOUN	 course
In 1897, the Hungarian government decided that only Hungarian place names should be used and prohibited the use of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Outside Poland, Sienkiewicz's popularity declined beginning in the interbellum, except for Quo Vadis, which retained relative	relative	ADJ	fame	NOUN	 fame
NY 32B was gradually truncated as time went on. In the early 1940s, NY 32B was cut back	back	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Durkheim's period in Germany resulted in the publication of numerous articles on German social science and philosophy; Durkheim	Durkheim	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In a BBC interview in 1971, Sellers had said that more than anything else, he wanted to play	play	VERB	the	DET	 the
Randall Roberts of Los Angeles Times saw the video as " basically like 20 different Vogue shoots documented and spliced	spliced	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The terminal building at L.F. Wade International Airport was flooded after the storm compromised its roof and sprinkler system.	.	PUNCT	Along	ADP	 Along
In 1975, Jones registered as a Democrat, citing his disenchantment with the Nixon administration and his desire to	to	PART	participate	VERB	 participate
A rigorous quarantine policy was implemented in Australia; although this reduced the immediate impact of the flu, the	the	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
' And then when Wayne got on it ' Look at Me Now ' became a radio record. It	It	PRON	just	ADV	 just
They belittled the role of the masses and the role of the Party, disparaged collective leadership, undermined inner	inner	ADJ	party	NOUN	 party
When they reached the moor Brady took the child with him while Hindley waited in the car. Brady sexually	sexually	ADV	assaulted	VERB	 assaulted
Paired with Usher, Beyoncé dances seductively and flirts with him to portray a naughty girl. She felt that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Instead, a wheelchair lift was installed, but it proved not to work. The area around the doors	doors	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
It is the tenth track on their 1987 album The Joshua Tree. " Exit " was developed from a	a	DET	lengthy	ADJ	 lengthy
Whereas previous incarnations of the system had not allowed for national servicemen to be sent overseas (within various definitions	definitions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She displaced 23,088 long tons (23,458 t) at normal load, and 25,086 long tons (25,489 t	t	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
When it was Bobby Lashley's turn his pod wouldn't open, he could not exit it because Heyman	Heyman	PROPN	's	PART	's
The bridge was poorly designed and dangerous both to its users and to passing shipping, and boats often collided	collided	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The team's time on each was calculated by taking the best three riders from that team and adding their	their	PRON	times	NOUN	 times
Howe was sent to North America in March 1775, arriving in May after the American War of Independence broke	broke	VERB	out	ADP	 out
When Derek and Sharon return home after dinner, they discover that Lisa had been in the house and seemingly	seemingly	ADV	abducted	VERB	 abducted
Eleven British alpine skiers took part in the Games, ten in the men's events and one in the	the	DET	women	NOUN	 women
Meanwhile, it was revealed that SingNet had consented to Odex's application, had not instructed its lawyers to	to	PART	attend	VERB	 attend
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, the census locality (town and sub area) of Giffnock had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
He has been described as an " immensely talented striker " who is " strong and powerful " and "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Patrick Kolan of IGN Australia gave the film an enormous amount of praise, awarding it a perfect 10 /	/	SYM	10	NUM	 10
After the summer season ended in early October 1960, Storm and the Hurricanes were free to travel to Hamburg	Hamburg	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Irreemplazable peaked at number 105 on the Billboard 200, and has sold 57,000 copies in the United States.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Together with the 1972 Apple concert film directed by Saul Swimmer, the album gained Indian classical music its largest	largest	ADJ	Western	ADJ	 Western
" The single peaked at number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100, while reaching 67 in Austria and 57	57	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Similar behaviour is seen in species that practice resource defence polygyny. The territories probably provided all the food the	the	DET	birds	NOUN	 birds
In 2011, Zinta made her television debut as the host of the show Guinness World Records – Ab India	India	PROPN	Todega	PROPN	 Todega
One of the forward bases used for these operations was at Bound Brook, located on the Raritan River upriver	upriver	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The European nightjar feeds on a wide variety of flying insects, including moths, beetles, mantises, dragonflies	dragonflies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He did not breathe in the last ten metres, and claimed to be laughing for the final five metres	metres	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bickerton (1973: 641) even went so far as to claim that principled description of interdialectal code switching	switching	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The Allied armies had enacted their Dyle plan on the morning of 10 May, and were approaching the Belgian	Belgian	ADJ	rear	NOUN	 rear
An on screen clock tracks the day and time. Link can return to 6: 00 am on the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
" Despite his criticism of the AI, GameSpot's Craig Beers scored the game 8.4 out of 10,	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
The Jets recovered to 7 – 6, but then lost to the Atlanta Falcons on December 20, a	a	DET	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
In 2012 the museum was headed by Sujatmiko. That year David Kristian Budhiyanto of Petra Christian University wrote that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Thüringen and her sisters were eventually ceded to the victorious Allied powers as war reparations; Thüringen was transferred to	to	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
The updated setting also allowed the First World War to account for the lack of male staff at the house	house	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He is the 16th head coach of the Michigan Wolverines. The 2015 – 16 season is his ninth at	at	ADP	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
It is assumed that the Saxons occupied the rest of Somerset about this time. The Saxon rule was consolidated	consolidated	VERB	under	ADP	 under
It states that one of the daughters married Fergus of Galloway; while the other married John, Lord of	of	ADP	Mull	PROPN	 Mull
In 2000, Egypt's co production, entitled Alam Simsim (عالم سمسم), began to air throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Beginning in Pula, the largest city on the Istrian peninsula, it runs north to the Croatian motorway and	and	CCONJ	expressway	NOUN	 expressway
After the funeral, Eleanor packed and moved out of the White House, returning to Val Kill. In	In	ADP	instructions	NOUN	 instructions
The dative case can be either grammatical or semantic, depending on the syntactic requirements of the verb. Demonstratives	Demonstratives	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
His direct reporting style in his column Red Privada (" Private Network "), which publicly exposed government	government	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After completion of the palace, Hunt remained at Alupka working on an assortment of projects in and around the	the	DET	estate	NOUN	 estate
An Antarctic hiatus followed the return of Quest, there being no significant expeditions to the region for seven years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is also known under the alternate title of A Blonde in Love. The fiction film tells the story	story	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Brown had stated that win or lose in his 2014 New Hampshire Senatorial bid, he planned to remain a	a	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The second cycle, the Devils Hill eruptive cycle, was similar in result, but was caused by the	the	DET	intrusion	NOUN	 intrusion
The Anglo Saxon kings built up a set of written laws, issued either as statutes or codes, but	but	CCONJ	these	DET	 these
Almost immediately, the Partisan 3rd Corps commenced an offensive, attacking II / 28 at Srebrnik. It held	held	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Zagzebski argues that things in the world have objective moral properties, such as being lovable, which are given	given	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The song begins with an emotionally frayed spoken word introduction by Leigh Anne Pinnock, " She captures her reflection	reflection	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
" For Balukas's part, she returned to Bay Ridge, took over management of her family's pool	pool	NOUN	hall	NOUN	 hall
Just before the cobble section of the Haaghoek, a neutral car by supplier Shimano tried to overtake the leading	leading	VERB	group	NOUN	 group
Wade Keller of the Pro Wrestling Torch rated the Ultimate X Challenge 4 and a fourth stars out of 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Our people then fired over one another ’ s heads, being in a long column, two and two	two	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
The use of molecular phylogenetics confirmed that these morphologically diverse fungi form a distinct lineage, first termed the "	"	PUNCT	russuloid	NOUN	 russuloid
This would have meant that there were a relatively small proportion of available workers to the number of mouths to	to	PART	feed	VERB	 feed
Among the deities said to take the form of a fish are Ika Roa of the Polynesians, Dagon of	of	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
" Regarding the resolution of the character at season four and dropping of Kartheiser from regular cast, Minear says	says	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The findings and recommendations of the committee were later presented to the Gillard Government in November 2011, whereafter deliberations	deliberations	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Matsui worked in China between 1907 and 1911, and then again as resident officer in Shanghai between 1915 and	and	CCONJ	1919	NUM	 1919
The ships were powered by two horizontal 2 cylinder single expansion steam engines; these drove a pair of 3	3	NUM	bladed	VERB	 bladed
After the Restoration the formal frontier with England was re established, along with its customs duties. Economic conditions	conditions	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
A second video of the recording of the album surfaced subsequently on YouTube, depicting the band (this time	time	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
However, his continuing correspondence with Saint Germain was not noble. Although Marlborough did not wish for a Jacobite	Jacobite	PROPN	restoration	NOUN	 restoration
Shiva also has Dasha Sahasranamas (10,000 names) that are found in the Mahanyasa. The Shri Rudram Chamakam	Chamakam	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Yami is also the ruler of the demons. Before battle, he drains Amaterasu of her powers and leaves	leaves	VERB	her	PRON	 her
' " and further described him as an " aristocrat among Anglican scholars ". Other obituaries and appreciations describe	describe	VERB	how	SCONJ	 how
Kindt returned to play for the Badgers in October 1945. In his return, Kindt shared the halfback position	position	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He stated, " I feel heavy responsibility as a yokozuna that I have caused trouble to so many people	people	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Watt later commented that Double Nickels on the Dime was the " best album I ever played on.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This generated a fourth combination, O. anomala. Since Descourtilz's description pre dates that of Beccari, Zombia	Zombia	PROPN	antillarum	NOUN	 antillarum
The episode premiered on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on September 30, 2007. It was written by	by	ADP	series	NOUN	 series
In the management community the topics of management theory, positioning strategy, brand management, strategic management, advertisement	advertisement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was a similar tale in the second innings, as Loxton removed opener Jack Davies for a duck and	and	CCONJ	ended	VERB	 ended
Three airborne divisions were initially chosen to participate in the operation, these being the British 6th Airborne Division,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Upset by this, Peter takes Stewie to train at the local gymnasium. A trainer notices Stewie struggling with	with	ADP	barbells	NOUN	 barbells
Park had two children by Carol, Jeremy and Rachael. Gordon and Carol also adopted their niece Vanessa when	when	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
because otherwise White plays 11.c5! and gets a clear advantage immediately. For example 10... b6? loses	loses	VERB	a	DET	 a
In Iloilo, a lot of the colonial edifices constructed during the American occupation in the country can still be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
In 1974, public spending cuts led to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project. In response to	to	ADP	this	PRON	 this
In the 1995 presidential election, Le Pen rose slightly to 15% of the vote. The FN won	won	VERB	an	DET	 an
Completed in 1927, it functioned as a toll bridge until the Great Depression, when it was transferred to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since 1996 it has formed part of the unitary East Renfrewshire council area; East Renfrewshire Council is the local	local	ADJ	authority	NOUN	 authority
In addition, oral histories suggest that sovereigns among the Merina, Tanala and Antanosy may have had ancestors who	who	PRON	migrated	VERB	 migrated
Cardiff was launched on 22 February 1974 by Lady Caroline Gilmore. Following fitting out and sea trials, Cardiff	Cardiff	PROPN	commissioned	VERB	 commissioned
The naval men's profession is emphasised by the frequency of wearing their uniforms, in contrast to other adaptations	adaptations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She replied saying, [The song] just fit right in with my own personal zeitgeist of standing up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The last of the company's dray horses was retired in 1947. Horses had delivered beer to all the	the	DET	areas	NOUN	 areas
Baylinc is a public transportation bus service provided by the Baldwin Rural Transit System in cooperation with the Wave Transit	Transit	PROPN	System	PROPN	 System
First published in book form by The Religious Tract Society, London, 1889. The Willoughby Captains Serialised in	in	ADP	B.O.P.	PROPN	 B.O.P.
During this time period, he was mentioned in official reports and dispatches. On April 5, 1864,	,	PUNCT	Major	PROPN	 Major
The remnants of the storm eventually dissipated early on August 26 over northern Mexico. Along the Texas coastline,	,	PUNCT	Bret	PROPN	 Bret
From the late eighteenth century there are a handful of examples of work from Scottish artists. These included statues	statues	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With DeGeneres hinting at her and her character's coming out both off screen and within the show, the	the	DET	rumors	NOUN	 rumors
Other notable plants include shrubs such as Rhodomyrtus tomentosa, Gaultheria fragrantissima, herbs, Exacum trinervium, E. walkeri	walkeri	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In stark contrast, Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union support for Ryzhkov's economic reform plan increased. Ryzhkov	Ryzhkov	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The idea was credited with driving interest in the mission. Chinese researchers used the Deep Impact mission as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
There are hinge points in the center of each arch. The deck is wood covered with an asphalt driving	driving	VERB	surface	NOUN	 surface
Erasmus issued editions in 1516, 1519, 1522, 1527, and 1536. Notable amongst these are the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In November 2006, more than 30 restaurant patrons, including a group of tourists and Democratic Alliance councillor Masizole	Masizole	PROPN	Mnqasela	PROPN	 Mnqasela
This is the period of advancing and retreating glaciers. The Rove region has multiple tilted layers of volcanic rocks	rocks	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Two years later President Megawati Sukarnoputri declared that the Chinese New Year (Imlek) would be marked as a	a	DET	national	ADJ	 national
Additionally, the song peaked at number one on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart, at number 23 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
After Vietnam gained independence in 1954, the Geneva Accords partitioned the country into a communist north and an anti	anti	ADJ	communist	ADJ	 communist
At 16: 00, both battered Spanish vessels surrendered, although as the British ships launched boats to take	take	VERB	possession	NOUN	 possession
Welsh cakes, or pice ar y maen meaning " cakes on the stone ", are small round spiced	spiced	ADJ	cakes	NOUN	 cakes
This design proved to be too vertical for the film's opening shot, in which the camera pans out	out	ADP	to	PART	 to
Following guidelines established by the IAU that classical Kuiper belt objects be given names of mythological beings associated with creation	creation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Through threadbare clues and supposition, mostly centred around a relatively wealthy couple that perished during a plague, believed	believed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The signal on the approach from Goudhurst had arms for traffic from both directions. Leaving Horsmonden, the branch	branch	NOUN	crossed	VERB	 crossed
The exception was the Far West, where for the most part, only gold and silver were acceptable currencies	currencies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This can be abated by changing the air flow over key parts, such as the windshield. A variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Silesian army, composed of Prussians and Russians, left 50,000 men in the Province of Silesia and moved	moved	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Despite their relationship having declined from friendship to hatred, Bogdan Pitești's style and his mundane interests are	are	AUX	occasionally	ADV	 occasionally
Konkona admitted in an interview that playing the role of a Tamil Brahmin did not come easy. The director	director	NOUN	forced	VERB	 forced
Without appointing a crown prince, Aurangzeb died in 1707 when Mu ' azzam was governor of Kabul and his	his	PRON	half	ADJ	 half
Geoffrey excommunicated anyone who attempted to collect the tax in his archdiocese, but the king confiscated Geoffrey's estates	estates	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This made existing Russian plans obsolete, and Polish forces started a pursuit that ended with the victorious Battle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Main Street then turns northeasterly, passing Mission Point Resort (the former Mackinac College), after which the	the	DET	road	NOUN	 road
This highway was numbered M 151. In 1933, the section of US 112 from Union to Elkhart was	was	AUX	renumbered	VERB	 renumbered
It marked the 5th time Davis had 25 points, 10 rebounds and 5 blocks since the beginning of the	the	DET	prior	ADJ	 prior
Eden remained with the company until being converted to a hulk, and she was finally scuttled in 1933.	.	PUNCT	Bega	PROPN	 Bega
Sasha included several of his own tracks made specifically for the game. The game disc is a Mixed Mode	Mode	PROPN	CD	NOUN	 CD
On July 2, he had all four Devil Rays ' RBI and hit a three run home run against	against	ADP	Pedro	PROPN	 Pedro
For example, Sommers said he believed invisibility was impossible, but the virtual invisibility provided by camouflage camera that	that	PRON	projects	VERB	 projects
The film was released in 2,550 cinemas across 3,550 screens in India, and across 700 screens internationally — including	including	VERB	196	NUM	 196
Three Vulcan missions were flown against the airfield, a further two missions in which missiles were launched against radar	radar	NOUN	installations	NOUN	 installations
As such, early attractions created under Kings Entertainment Company were named after knights, Don Quixote, Vikings,	,	PUNCT	dragons	NOUN	 dragons
Work on the parkway resumed on March 15, 1932. The new stone walls guarding the new highway cost	cost	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Rockefeller spent $600,000 ($11,082,100 in 2015), making it the largest single real estate transaction in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After sailing to the UK as Kalani, the ship was renamed Empire Cheetah and sailed in transatlantic convoys,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
He was again controversial, with his November 2007 tackle of Internazionale midfielder Luís Figo breaking the Portuguese player's	's	PART	fibula	NOUN	 fibula
They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by	by	ADP	three	NUM	 three
On 21 September 1953, the Acting State Secretary of Johor, responding to a query from the Colonial Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
As of February 2013, there were in the country about 70 Leafs deployed as taxis, 20 in Mexico	Mexico	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The word " Shavian " has entered the language as encapsulating Shaw's ideas and his means of expressing them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Pelicans, ducks, and raptors are among the birds frequenting the Harney Basin wetlands, a stopping place on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nansen had by now retired from polar exploration, the decisive step being his release of Fram to his fellow	fellow	ADJ	Norwegian	PROPN	 Norwegian
Foreigners may be arrested and detained for up to 15 days then deported, or fined up to 5,000 rubles	rubles	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
These cookers reach temperatures of 315° C (599° F) and above but require direct light to	to	PART	function	VERB	 function
Relations between Indonesia and the Netherlands continued to be poor, specifically in regard to control of West Papua,	,	PUNCT	historically	ADV	 historically
" The Yankees offered Taylor $300,000 to sign a minor league contract, the typical amount given to the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The analysis would find an unexpected level of 226 parts per million (ppm) of lead in the crewman	crewman	NOUN	's	PART	's
The two largest users of the Harrier were the Royal Air Force and the United States Marine Corps (USMC	USMC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The Galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon's shape in 1998, but the images remain poor.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On 13 January 2013, the band announced that the album would be released in June under the title 13	13	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Vedder later said that " the day that we found out about Kurt... I was just spinning.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Early on in the school's history, the Vanderlips decided to change the school's system from the Montessori	Montessori	PROPN	method	NOUN	 method
" Back to square one again ", McAuliffe said at the time. The band decided to go back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
In 1932, Whitlam's father transferred him to Canberra Grammar School where, at the Speech Day ceremony that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Rivers were the main means of transportation and most cities were founded on them. This was especially so in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
Additionally, during this first term as mayor, Armstrong also oversaw the city's festivities on George V's	's	PART	coronation	NOUN	 coronation
He took on an operational involvement in The Cincinnati Enquirer, the town's only morning newspaper. He interfered	interfered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During the war, British test pilot Eric Brown evaluated many Luftwaffe aircraft. Among them was a He 111	111	NUM	H	NOUN	 H
While it is often weaker than most of its land counterparts, stronger versions spawned by mesocyclones do occur.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The added security of the prison being on water has prevented at least four attempted escapes. The barge is	is	AUX	named	VERB	 named
dB magazine said the title of " Stumblin ' ", released as a single from These Days: Live	Live	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On his return against the Minnesota Vikings on November 11, he sacked quarterback Tommy Kramer four times in a	a	DET	19	NUM	 19
Stenting involves the catheterization of the affected artery during angiography, and the insertion of a mesh like tube;	;	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
Shoji's right wing units did not participate in the attacks, choosing instead to remain in place to cover	cover	VERB	Nasu	PROPN	 Nasu
Dunstanburgh formed part of the barony of Embleton, a village that lay inland to the west, traditionally owned	owned	VERB	by	ADP	 by
They, nevertheless, do not attempt to hurt anyone, except when they find someone before them, and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Despite the arrival of Roman reinforcements from Europe, he won another victory in 604, while Dara fell after	after	ADP	a	DET	 a
The fort was sited with Lake Champlain to the east, with Mount Independence rising on the far side.	.	PUNCT	Immediately	ADV	 Immediately
The phrase " purport to confer a benefit " was originally found in the 1937 Law Commission paper, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
" When Leigh returned from the beach, she was bleeding between her legs, distressed, crying and seeking	seeking	VERB	assistance	NOUN	 assistance
Smallpox is highly contagious, but generally spreads more slowly and less widely than some other viral diseases, perhaps	perhaps	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
Successively he petitioned the Foreign Office, the Treasury, the Privy Council, and Perceval himself; in each	each	DET	case	NOUN	 case
The Lelwel hartebeest is a reddish tan. Coke's hartebeest is reddish to tawny in the upper parts,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The convection then moves east and toward the equator into the warm sector, parallel to low level thickness lines	lines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Instruments also appear in art of the period, with a ceiling at Crathes Castle showing muses with lute,	,	PUNCT	bass	NOUN	 bass
" He denied that he had authorised any payment to Newton or to anyone else connected with the case.	.	PUNCT	Newton	PROPN	 Newton
Wenger, dismayed by the arrangement, campaigned for a purpose built, Arsenal owned ground that housed the latest	latest	ADJ	training	NOUN	 training
In an interview with USA Today, English singer songwriter Elton John praised " Tennis Court ", describing it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Perhaps because Thảo divulged the tour details to Vietcong guerrillas, each of McNamara's stopovers was punctuated by bloody	bloody	ADJ	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
A tour taken by local councillors and media concluded with an account that " chunks of masonry are falling from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the cyclone the Tongan Government requested and received emergency aid, from the governments of several countries including France	France	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 105th meridian west of Greenwich, the longitudinal reference for the Mountain Time Zone, passes directly through Denver	Denver	PROPN	Union	PROPN	 Union
A tropical wave moved off the northwestern coast of Africa on August 16. The wave moved west through the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Maryland closed the season with losses to Penn State, Clemson, and Virginia to again finish with a 2	2	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
President McKinley did his best to help Hanna, sending a letter to one Republican whose vote was doubtful,	,	PUNCT	delivered	VERB	 delivered
Also in one video, he mentions " martyrs like Eric and Dylan ", almost certainly referring to Eric	Eric	PROPN	Harris	PROPN	 Harris
These claims are controversial because of the complicated Cross Strait relations, and has been one of the most important	important	ADJ	principles	NOUN	 principles
Baryonyx had many finely serrated, conical teeth, with the largest teeth in front. The neck was less	less	ADV	curved	ADJ	 curved
Uncooked durian seeds are toxic due to cyclopropene fatty acids and should not be ingested. Young leaves and shoots	shoots	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ordinary fans bought debentures for between £1,000 and £1,650 each, which guaranteed the right to buy season	season	NOUN	tickets	NOUN	 tickets
Sylvester says that Angelou uses the same technique in " Letter to an Aspiring Junkie ", in which understatement	understatement	NOUN	contained	VERB	 contained
Seventeenth century Rome, under autocratic papal rule, was perceived by republican Venetians as a direct threat to their	their	PRON	liberties	NOUN	 liberties
Healing spells and abilities restore a target's HP and can be used outside of combat. Certain spells and	and	CCONJ	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
In the production process, Knowles assumed more control in co producing and co writing almost the entire album.	.	PUNCT	Survivor	NOUN	 Survivor
P. fimbriata catches Euryattus females by mimicking the vibrations made by Euryattus males as part of their courtship, and	and	CCONJ	this	DET	 this
The district court found substantial equality as to all such factors. The lower court, in its opinion,	,	PUNCT	noted	VERB	 noted
Turnbull later announced he would leave Parliament at the end of his term, before changing his mind within weeks	weeks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is slightly more common in males than females. It occurs most often in autumn. Before vaccination,	,	PUNCT	croup	NOUN	 croup
In 2014, the RNLI's income was £182 million, while its expenditure was £149.6 million.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Before working on the film, O'Mahoney had been a United Nations peacekeeper in Bosnia and an attorney in the	the	DET	Netherlands	PROPN	 Netherlands
Murder requires an intention to kill or an intention to commit grievous bodily harm. If this intention is present	present	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
" I Can't Watch This " (orig. MC Hammer, Rick James, Alonzo Miller, arr	arr	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Other new features include raked wingtips, redesigned main landing gear, and additional structural strengthening. As with the	the	DET	-300ER	PROPN	 -300ER
This specimen was described by Comte de Buffon in 1779. Based on morphological features, the Alexandrine parakeet has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The operating deficits are covered through subsidies by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications. The trackage and other	other	ADJ	infrastructure	NOUN	 infrastructure
Following the German led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, he joined the Yugoslav Partisans and distinguished himself	himself	PRON	during	ADP	 during
Wagner also noted that " Harry Patch and Henry Allingham escaped death, but never the effect of that awful	awful	ADJ	war	NOUN	 war
Although later accounts of the siege claimed Vetch's detachment was part of a strategic plan to surround the fort	fort	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The most important event in M31's history was the merger mentioned above that took place 8 billion years ago	ago	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The U.S.-aligned countries included: Israel, Japan, South Korea and the Philippines The neutral countries included: Austria	Austria	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Some names refer to the plant's size and shape: " shepherd's club (s) " or	or	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Her articles were filled with vitriol against what she perceived as the " schemes " of Jewish organizers opposed to	to	ADP	Zionism	PROPN	 Zionism
The flight plans often made procedures for mutual control of procedures impractical, and they were commonly skipped. The	The	DET	commission	NOUN	 commission
A deeper study of logarithms requires the concept of a function. A function is a rule that, given	given	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Its pelvis is like that of saurischian dinosaurs, but it has a bony acetabulum (where the femur meets	meets	VERB	the	DET	 the
What am I doing? Hello? " In reality, McDaniel recalled that she was overawed by Madonna's	's	PART	big	ADJ	 big
Leeds Museums and Galleries, Temple Newsam House. Self Portrait, n.d. Terracotta, 63.5 cm. National	National	PROPN	Portrait	PROPN	 Portrait
The more expensive grades of the Model 1897 were the standard, trap, pigeon, and tournament grades.	.	PUNCT	These	PRON	 These
In 1962, Verville was selected as a fellow of the Smithsonian's National Air Museum. He was honored	honored	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Rachel Dresbeck wrote favorably of the magazine in her 2007 book Insiders ' Guide to Portland, Oregon. The	The	DET	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Based on satellite imagery, it is estimated the system organized into Tropical Depression Nine by 1200 UTC on September	September	PROPN	11	NUM	 11
In search of more permanent employment, Shackleton applied for a regular commission in the Royal Navy, via the	the	DET	back	ADJ	 back
Fielding's ninth play, the unsuccessful The Letter Writers Or, a New Way to Keep a Wife at	at	ADP	Home	NOUN	 Home
DALI's actual alignment process requires a similarity search after the two proteins ' distance matrices are built; this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
" I am treated by Mr. Dudley worse than by Mr. Danforth ", Randolph wrote, unfavorably comparing Dudley	Dudley	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
The service was created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005. In November 2006, it was bought	bought	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Before dying, Kandori reveals that the Maki who has been traveling with the party is the " Ideal Maki	Maki	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The family's names and titles are given in inscriptions placed on either side of the children and on the	the	DET	horizontal	ADJ	 horizontal
As he caresses the female in the dressing room, Carey sees them, and walks by them, bumping	bumping	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The Emblem Editor is a tool set for decal creation. F Zero GX is the first F Zero game	game	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Mario Party 5 received " average " reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Game Informer's Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	Reiner	PROPN	 Reiner
Since the 1970s, critics who have looked more closely at both her work and Burke's, have come	come	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Other key ideas such as the reduction of all life processes to biochemical reactions as well as the incorporation of	of	ADP	psychology	NOUN	 psychology
According to Magnet magazine's Bryan Bierman, " the hip, ' with it ' kids [sat]	]	PUNCT	side	NOUN	 side
The producers hired Brenton for his " radical " and " provocative " style. By the time he was	was	AUX	hired	VERB	 hired
Group 15 is situated immediately north of Group 13 and some structures are shared by both groups. Ceramic fragments	fragments	NOUN	recovered	VERB	 recovered
Mathurin Jacques Brisson coined the genus name Raphus (referring to the bustards) in 1760, resulting in the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
It remains unclear whether prokaryote genes are the descendants of an ancestral prokaryotic serpin or the product of horizontal gene	gene	NOUN	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
They returned home safe. Eventually, things got to the stage where Angelina's father forced Kevin to marry	marry	VERB	his	PRON	 his
However, the people looked at were at relatively higher risk than most people who have never had a heart	heart	NOUN	attack	NOUN	 attack
A. O. Scott in The New York Times writes that director Scott's " professionalism is, as ever,	,	PUNCT	present	ADJ	 present
Will refuses, stating that Spears is a bad role model. He is supported by club member Brittany (	(	PUNCT	Heather	PROPN	Heather
Senior aides such as White House Counsel John Dean faced prosecution; in total 48 officials were convicted of wrongdoing	wrongdoing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The victory also allowed Ryan to become the Jets ' first rookie head coach to win his first three games	games	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Body Language entered and peaked at number eight on the Swiss Albums Chart, and spent a total of 17	17	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Mining for lead was not profitable, however, and the works were abandoned. Red marl from the Triassic	Triassic	PROPN	Period	PROPN	 Period
The rock band Korn filmed a similar show, Korn Live: The Encounter, in June 2010 to promote	promote	VERB	their	PRON	 their
There was consternation at the palace as the fire continued implacably westward; " Oh, the confusion there was	was	VERB	then	ADV	 then
In 2008, Novak credited low US sales as being the result of a lack of new ideas and menu	menu	NOUN	items	NOUN	 items
It is set in common time and has a ballad tempo of 72 beats per minute. It is written	written	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The first approximation represents the waiting time until the first mutant destined for loss, with loss then occurring relatively	relatively	ADV	rapidly	ADV	 rapidly
This became one of the reasons for the Pixies ' 1993 split. However, the two appeared at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
On 13 November, Malaysia's Agent, Ambassador at Large Abdul Kadir Mohamad, alleged that Singapore was trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
” Roz Kaveney, in his essay " A Sense of the Ending: Schrödinger's Angel, " praised	praised	VERB	the	DET	 the
According to Disney, 65% of foreign grosses originated from five key markets; Japan, Australia, Brazil	Brazil	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He largely immersed himself in his decades long work, in effect a multilevel historical narrative covering the history of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Theories that stress continuity often look at animals to see if, for example, primates display any traits that	that	PRON	can	AUX	 can
From that day, the maiden was known as Ucchishta matangini. The Pranotasani Tantra narrates that once Parvati longed	longed	VERB	to	PART	 to
This fort, built after 1640, covered a bridgehead over the Guadiana river, thus guarding access to the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Groves was appointed to head the project on 17 September 1942. Groves was also a colonel, and ranked	ranked	VERB	below	ADP	 below
She has a line of GK Elite leotards and grips and a line of pink gymnastics equipment from AAI.	.	PUNCT	People	PROPN	 People
While the similarly discussed Star Wars prequel trilogy (Episodes I, II and III) was ultimately released between	between	ADP	1999	NUM	 1999
Then, in September, Crosby refused to participate in the recording of the Goffin – King song " Goin	Goin	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Al Adil further encouraged Uthman to act in order prevent al Afdal's incompetence putting the Ayyubid empire in jeopardy	jeopardy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The entire church, except for its surviving crossing structure and offices, was dismantled stone by stone, which	which	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Antonio died in 1841 without leaving a will. On his deathbed, he decided he wanted to reconcile with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
From the strong principle of inheritance, any selected variety will tend to propagate its new and modified form.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
By now, the Port of London had sustained heavy damage with a third of its warehouses destroyed, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
MacVeagh concluded, " You will please, therefore, proceed with the coinage of the new nickel. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" He maintained a side interest in film, writing scripts and the screenplay for a low budget horror movie	movie	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Many of the locations in the film were used without permission, and most of the extras were people who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In 1984 the law school established the Center for Dispute Resolution, an alternative dispute resolution program. In 1992	1992	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Diderot's main battery consisted of four 305 mm / 45 Modèle 1906 guns mounted in two twin gun turrets	turrets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Madeleine's parents are both physicians and practising Roman Catholics. Kate Marie McCann, née Healy (born 1968	1968	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Devotees offer Ganesha sweets such as modaka and small sweet balls called laddus. He is often shown carrying a	a	DET	bowl	NOUN	 bowl
According to the Rio Tinto Group, in 2002 the diamonds produced and released to the market were valued at	at	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
These experiments are run at various concentrations of mesogen in order to analyze that impact. Lyotropic liquid crystalline phases	phases	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
He and Daniel played primarily on the Canucks ' third line. Henrik improved to 36 points in his second	second	ADJ	NHL	PROPN	 NHL
After the foreign forces left Finland, the militant factions of the Red and White lost their backup, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Sclerus met with their two leaders, Árpád and Kurszán, at the Lower Danube. Sclerus's mission succeeded	succeeded	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
On December 21, 1981, the Tony Award winning musical Dreamgirls opened at the Imperial Theatre on Broadway and	and	CCONJ	ran	VERB	 ran
Australia collapsed for 162 in the second innings, with the Surrey spin twins of Jim Laker and Tony Lock	Lock	PROPN	taking	VERB	 taking
gave the episode three out of five stars and wrote, " I ’ m going to go out on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rob Thomas was giving an interview and happily saying, ' Oh yes, and we ’ re very excited	excited	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
A separate study of the three daughters, Emilia Mary, Maria and Juliana, was sold by the auction	auction	NOUN	house	NOUN	 house
She bore him a daughter, Emily, in 1933, and a son, Oskar Jr, in 1935	1935	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He is one in many million. " Co Producer Paul Rabwin said of the episode " An instant classic	classic	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite his personal opinion of himself, the judiciary as a whole felt that his mix of humanity and common	common	ADJ	sense	NOUN	 sense
Governor Macías ordered Captain Salvador Meca and his 3rd company of the 25th Patria Battalion from Yauco to head for	for	ADP	Guánica	PROPN	 Guánica
In his final year as an amateur athlete, he spent much of early 2008 battling a hamstring injury.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The rock cut cave temples of the Rockfort, along with the gateway and the Erumbeeswarar Temple, are listed	listed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
On 16 November 1912, he was granted a commission as a lieutenant in the Administrative and Instructional Staff of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The site was purchased by the government in 1978 and added to the then Anstey Hill Reserve. During the	the	DET	1970s	NOUN	 1970s
Galatasaray in response asked for the match to be played at a neutral venue or for Leeds fans to be	be	AUX	banned	VERB	 banned
He served under Frank Weston, the Bishop of Zanzibar, a staunch Anglican with whom Keable clashed: Keable	Keable	NOUN	objected	VERB	 objected
In support of the album, Hamasaki held the (Miss) understood arena tour, which spanned three months	months	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He concluded for the album, " [it] hits you with recognizable hit after recognizable hit, and	and	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
By the time the Washington Treaty had been fully implemented in Japan, only three classes of World War I	I	PRON	era	NOUN	 era
Since the old road would be flooded, a $14.8 million new alignment, much of it four lanes	lanes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Apu then goes to take the test, and because he originally knew a lot about the history of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The race restarted on lap 162 with Biffle in the lead, ahead of Kenseth and Jeff Gordon. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
He has made guest appearances on television shows such as Weakest Link, Mind of Mencia, Deal or No	No	PROPN	Deal	PROPN	 Deal
Boletus edulis, as its name implies, is an edible mushroom. Italian chef and restaurateur Antonio Carluccio has	has	AUX	described	VERB	 described
The French news magazine L ' Express noted the audience " dropped like flies " during the heterografting scene.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Cook named it among Davis ' best works and the culmination of the music he had begun to explore on	on	ADP	Bitches	PROPN	 Bitches
Stevenson thought this was a new species different from any previously described Limacella because of its larger size and amyloid	amyloid	NOUN	spores	NOUN	 spores
" Pérez arrived in Kansas City amid widespread anger over the departure of fan favorite Dye. Facing off against	against	ADP	Dye	PROPN	 Dye
It is reported that nine members of MacIntyre of Camus na h erie were taken prisoners in the 1745 rising	rising	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
New Orleans detective Mitchell (Kasi Lemmons) is reluctant to investigate Binder's disappearance until his charred body is	is	AUX	discovered	VERB	 discovered
The United States has restricted her access into and out of the country during her career since the release of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
In addition to these concerts, The Black Mages made live appearances at two Final Fantasy concerts, More Friends	Friends	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The main character in the first series is Firestar, a young kittypet who decides to join the Clans as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The castle lies on the top of a steep hill called the Tor, and has been fortified since the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
Many upset passengers demanded refunds, to which the cruise line offered discounts for future cruises and a $40	40	NUM	credit	NOUN	 credit
The monks then elected Stephen Langton, with Innocent's approval. John did not accept Langton's candidacy however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
At 03: 52, the battleship was attacked by a large formation to the north commanded by Rear Admiral	Admiral	PROPN	Jesse	PROPN	 Jesse
With Argentina no longer in compliance with the conditions of the expanded IMF supported program, the IMF decided to	to	PART	suspend	VERB	 suspend
In 2012, East Lake improved to 11 – 2, but again lost in the FHSAA Class 8A region	region	NOUN	final	ADJ	 final
After receiving hits, the Bf 109's hood was jettisoned and the pilot baled out. Several No.	.	NOUN	145	NUM	 145
The HD Edition features some of the content from the Subsistence version, such as the third person camera,	,	PUNCT	demo	NOUN	 demo
Saintsbury secured a role for Chaplin in Charles Frohman's production of Sherlock Holmes, where he played Billy the	the	DET	pageboy	NOUN	 pageboy
Produced by Rick Rubin, it was the band's first record released on Warner Bros. Records. The musical	musical	ADJ	styles	NOUN	 styles
In fall 2009, Conrad collaborated with Kohl's to launch her second fashion line LC Lauren Conrad, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The office vacancy rate decreased to 10.65% in 2012 from 12.08% in 2011, while the flex vacancy	vacancy	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
After spending years modeling and acting, Candice Michelle was hired by WWE in 2004, after she participated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hix had previously created a mutton and crayfish for a festival aimed at increasing the use of the meat,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Most of the construction funding will come from federal ($62.5 million), state ($37 million	million	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Winnie runs the story, and Bretton James is exposed. The investors, including Steinhardt, promptly abandon Bretton	Bretton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
McBride then held a contest to name the team in May 1945; " Cleveland Panthers " was the most	most	ADV	popular	ADJ	 popular
Daniil Kvyat was unable to set a timed lap as his team worked to solve an electrical problem. Qualifying	Qualifying	PROPN	consisted	VERB	 consisted
Here, Miles realizes that he himself caused his father to order his mother and his three month old self	self	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Most of the 4- and 5 year olds understood that Big Bird and the adults were sad. Most children	children	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Enhanced Fujita (EF) Scale was an update to the older Fujita scale, by expert elicitation,	,	PUNCT	using	VERB	 using
I had to write to him — he does handwritten letters, not e mail — and explain why I	I	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
This stage's map is identical to worlds 2 2 and 7 2 and upon entering the warp pipe at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Founded in 1948, UUCA was the first Unitarian church in Washington, D.C. ' s suburbs. Throughout its	its	PRON	history	NOUN	 history
The PC port was less positively received. Turok was often called a " Doom clone " for its similarity	similarity	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In response to the closure of local Youth Clubs and declining state support for local transport, the charity combats	combats	VERB	issues	NOUN	 issues
The dominant parties of the new republic were the Christian conservative Austrian People's Party and the Socialist Party.	.	PUNCT	Both	PRON	 Both
Kawan Bergeloet contains twelve short stories or sketches written by Soeman, seven of which had initially been written for	for	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The band went on tours with Matchbox Twenty and 3 Doors Down as an opening act before going on their	their	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Ryholt further posits that the son of Sheshi and Tati was Nehesy, whose name means " The Nubian "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
However, Luna broke her arm and Sherri left the WWF in July 1993, however, forcing the WWF	WWF	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The effects in the film were notably more intricate than the simple ones featured in Raimi's prior projects,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
We can put a president in the show. ' And a good one too. We're going to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
Alfonsín met with Menem and agreed to support the proposal in exchange for amendments that would place limits on presidential	presidential	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
Sensing an opportunity during a weak period in the Chalukya rule, Dantidurga trounced the great Chalukyan " Karnatabala "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
Initially, Monteverdi had little enthusiasm for Le nozze di Tetide, and sought ways of avoiding or delaying work	work	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
While his interpretation of hadrosaurids as terrestrial animals has been generally accepted, the Senckenberg plant fossils remain equivocal.	.	PUNCT	Kenneth	PROPN	 Kenneth
It was written by actor Paul Lieberstein and directed by Lost series creator J. J. Abrams, his first such	such	ADJ	credit	NOUN	 credit
Liverpool was the ninth highest earning football club in the world for 2013 – 14, with an annual revenue	revenue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The two men escaped out the back of the shop while their guard waited at the front counter. Wiesenthal	Wiesenthal	PROPN	did	AUX	 did
Kariya also received Hockey East First All Star Team honours alongside teammates Jim Montgomery, Chris Imes and Mike Dunham	Dunham	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Hōshō's designed speed was reduced to 25 knots (46 km / h; 29 mph), based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
At the event, Edge retained the title by pinning Cena after he hit him in the back of the	the	DET	head	NOUN	 head
] When I released Church Clothes earlier this year, it was the precursor of what's come with this	this	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Burdette terms Barber's designs, " typically mediocre imitations of the current French style — hardly better than the	the	DET	arcane	ADJ	 arcane
Support for the Xbox, a variant IA 32 architecture, was added through the use of an architecture specific	specific	ADJ	HAL	PROPN	 HAL
When Lee strayed too far from his army on December 12, his exposed position was betrayed by Loyalists,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Wave of Sorrow (Birdland) " is a completed version of the demo " Birdland ", and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The inquiry heard that Arthurworrey was overworked, taking on more cases than guidelines allow. Carole Baptiste, Arthurworrey	Arthurworrey	PROPN	's	PART	's
An analysis of the team's mechanical problems further suggested that there was a critical fault in the internal combustion	combustion	NOUN	chamber	NOUN	 chamber
In contrast, the portrayal of the mythos in Type 0 was praised by RPG Site's Erren Van Duine	Duine	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
She developed the new technique of autoradiography while working for the United States Atomic Energy Commission at the University of	of	ADP	Rochester	PROPN	 Rochester
A secondary dual purpose armament of eight 5 inch (127 mm) guns was also projected to be carried	carried	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Berries and other soft fruit are preferred, and figs are particularly important for birds preparing to migrate. This	This	DET	predilection	NOUN	 predilection
The new column, " This, Our Town, " was assigned to Watson. Watson's new column	column	NOUN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
Godin and Peter Lerangis, under the pseudonym " A. L. Singer ", wrote the novelization. As with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Philip Morris issued a response to the segment, which received some criticism. The " Tobacco " segment received	received	VERB	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
He fully embraced Yorkshire's hard edged competitiveness in the early 1920s: he questioned the decisions of umpires and	and	CCONJ	sledged	ADJ	 sledged
According to political scientist Taras Kuzio the summit showed that Georgia rapidly moved ahead of Ukraine in its drive to	to	PART	join	VERB	 join
Flight testing began with the first flight of the second AH 56 (s / n 66 8827) in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Its history of British dominance meant that Australia was " grounded in British culture and political traditions that had been	been	AUX	transported	VERB	 transported
Shortly after the match began, Phoenix threw Brooke over the top rope. Soon after, Hall eliminated Maria	Maria	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Another important industry during this period was the manufacture of fusee chains for watches and clocks. In 1790,	,	PUNCT	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
The Auckland Mounted Rifle Regiment's objective was to capture the Damieh crossing from the north east, while the	the	DET	Wellington	PROPN	 Wellington
As well as the cemeteries, the excavations in the 1990s confirmed the presence of a linear settlement, stretching	stretching	VERB	along	ADP	 along
Cleveland Tunnel is 173 feet (53 m) long and runs under Cleveland House, the former headquarters of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Obsidian was said to be inspired by InXile Entertainment's success of using Kickstarter to fund Wasteland 2. Chris	Chris	PROPN	Avellone	PROPN	 Avellone
In May 2011, YouTube reported in its company blog that the site was receiving more than three billion views	views	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
They declare their love for each other and eventually plan to elope. The captain discovers this plan, but	but	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Fibres extracted from the leaf sheath of R. regia have been found to be comparable with sisal and banana fibres	fibres	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lower Clarence settlers were by necessity good oarsmen, and several of them became national and even world champion scullers	scullers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The two have an argument resulting in neither of them wanting to move. They gamble for the apartment and	and	CCONJ	Jerry	PROPN	 Jerry
The portion of the route built to freeway standards is known as the Costa Mesa Freeway (formerly the Newport	Newport	PROPN	Freeway	PROPN	 Freeway
Suddenly, Mulder's heart monitor flatlines. Two weeks earlier, in the Beaufort Sea, crewmen on a	a	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
During this and other fights resulting from Stefan's death, southern and eastern Serbia, including the Monastery of	of	ADP	Daljša	PROPN	 Daljša
" The first thing I did on the Mac was to port a modem game I'd written called Minotaur	Minotaur	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
The Japanese assault on the 2 / 23rd subsequently delayed the 9th Division's advance for several days, and	and	CCONJ	these	PRON	 these
Forming near Hainan Island on May 21 as a monsoon depression, the initial tropical disturbance moved through the South	South	PROPN	China	PROPN	 China
On May 3, it was revealed that Park will be participating in the soundtrack of M. Night Shyamalan's	's	PART	2013	NUM	 2013
Marat had her bow blown off and Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya was badly damaged by multiple bomb hits in September. The	The	DET	former	ADJ	 former
The title is a reference to a line from the 1992 film Wayne's World. The album garnered significant	significant	ADJ	attention	NOUN	 attention
Women currently outnumber men in Biology, Brain & Cognitive Sciences, Architecture, Urban Planning, and Biological Engineering	Engineering	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A force of 14,000 troops was assembled for the opening of the first Federal Parliament on 9 May 1901 in	in	ADP	Melbourne	PROPN	 Melbourne
At Rogowo near Chełmno a Wielbark settlement, an industrial production site and a 2nd to 3rd century bi ritual	ritual	ADJ	cemetery	NOUN	 cemetery
Harrington became the first European to win the PGA Championship in 78 years and was the first winner from Ireland	Ireland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was uncommon on the royal table, although according to the 16th century Polish botanist Marcin of Urzędów –	–	PUNCT	citing	VERB	 citing
According to author David Paul, this may explain why Szabó shifted gears even more dramatically in his next film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The highway heads southeast as two lane Old Philadelphia Road in a forested area between a pair of quarries.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
His first hit of the season came the day after, against California. In the majors that year,	,	PUNCT	Stein	PROPN	 Stein
Blaine grew to enjoy life in his adopted state and became an admirer of Kentucky Senator Henry Clay. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Alabama earned their third SEC championship since the inception of the SEC Championship Game in 1992, and their 22nd	22nd	ADJ	SEC	PROPN	 SEC
In North America, the 3D re release ended its run in theaters on January 12, 2012 with a	a	DET	gross	ADJ	 gross
Hiltebeitel theorizes that both the first (heroic death) and third (marriage) boons originated with the Kuttantavar	Kuttantavar	PROPN	cult	NOUN	 cult
On the extreme left was the hamlet of Papelotte. Both Hougoumont and Papelotte were fortified and garrisoned, and	and	CCONJ	thus	ADV	 thus
They began dating and they married in the spring of 1942. She enrolled in the landscape architecture program at	at	ADP	Harvard	PROPN	 Harvard
One hit a torpedo room, and another burst in the aft 47 mm magazine. That started a fire	fire	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Dhananjayan noted the line also became a text book example of dialogue delivery for aspiring actors. In April 2012	2012	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was the twelfth tropical storm, eighth hurricane, and record breaking fifth Category 4 hurricane in the 1999	1999	NUM	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Shaw and Crompton does not have a mayor, but does have a town crier, a purely ceremonial role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Nevertheless, it is far enough away and has had sufficient time to evolve endemic species. The high degree	degree	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He also authored, co authored, and edited several books. He promoted American football and advocated for retired	retired	ADJ	professional	ADJ	 professional
Popular representations of John first began to emerge during the Tudor period, mirroring the revisionist histories of the time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He made it to the quarterfinals of the 2014 US Open, losing to Novak Djokovic, after earning his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Prus ' stories, which met with great acclaim, owed much to the literary influence of Polish novelist Józef	Józef	PROPN	Ignacy	PROPN	 Ignacy
Boosey had conceived a passionate hostility to the broadcasting of music, fearing that it would lead to the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He followed this with a match haul of 7 / 118 in the following match in Chittagong to take 18	18	NUM	wickets	NOUN	 wickets
It is possible that the work was written principally for the benefit of a Welsh audience. Asser takes pains	pains	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The appeal was heard by the General Assembly on 31 May 1861 with Gregorson Campbell's defence arguing that the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
I love this movie and as soon as it was over, I wanted to see it again. ”	”	PUNCT	James	PROPN	 James
He then asked if twin 380 millimeter (15.0 in) turrets could be used instead. The Germans said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Officers Greene and Stodder were among the last men to abandon ship and remained with Bankhead who was the last	last	ADJ	surviving	VERB	 surviving
Miles Morales ' Spider Man suit is available as an alternate costume for Spider Man (Peter Parker) in	in	ADP	Spider	PROPN	 Spider
The films often include a one liner, often of a sexual nature, at the dénouement. At the	the	DET	close	NOUN	 close
Finn (Cory Monteith) asks Rachel (Lea Michele) for her answer to his proposal since he has	has	AUX	waited	VERB	 waited
Clark had a conversation with Condoleezza Rice in which she told him that the war in Kosovo would not have	have	AUX	occurred	VERB	 occurred
The first players ' union was formed February 12, 1957 by Red Wings player Ted Lindsay who had sat	sat	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In addition, these theories were being developed just as other physicists were beginning to discover quantum mechanics, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The Solicitor General said they would not seek van der Sloot's extradition to Aruba. On 30 June,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Tracking Kreia to Telos, the Exile fights and defeats a corrupted Atris, from whom they learn that Kreia	Kreia	PROPN	plans	VERB	 plans
The combined concentrations of gases in any given tissue depend on the history of pressure and gas composition. Under	Under	ADP	equilibrium	NOUN	 equilibrium
They also moult their fleece naturally, rather than having to be shorn annually, though older individuals do not	not	PART	moult	VERB	 moult
The response from non natives was almost the opposite, with 68% responding that the name is not offensive	offensive	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
He cares little for others, and simply considers people to be " toys " he can sacrifice in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The U.S. produces about 7 percent of the world's farmed trout. Rainbow trout, especially those raised in	in	ADP	farms	NOUN	 farms
In 1979 they released the track, " Some Day " for the compilation album, Home Grown Volume One	One	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
They had: Ayscoghe Boucherett (1817 – 32), Henry Robert Boucherett, J.P. (1818 – 77	77	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Chanderpati was widowed at the age of 37, when Manoj was only 9. Manoj owned an electronics repair	repair	NOUN	shop	NOUN	 shop
On April 9, 2008, reality competition American Idol aired its second annual charity event, titled Idol Gives	Gives	VERB	Back	ADP	 Back
" In the case of computers, two machines are functionally isomorphic if and only if the sequential relations among	among	ADP	states	NOUN	 states
" In 1935, at the age of 18, Anderson left her Brisbane home to live in Sydney.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Brown established his reputation in the early alternative comics scene of the 1980s with the surreal, taboo breaking Ed	Ed	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Somewhere examines similar themes of success and isolation, but from a male perspective. The film explores Marco's	's	PART	seclusion	NOUN	 seclusion
He was honoured with a state funeral, which was followed with a five day period of nationwide mourning.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
" In the autumn of 1857, The Atlantic Monthly was established, and Lowell was its first editor.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
In 1951, the club formed the MCC Youth Cricket Association, of which Allen was a member. Another	Another	DET	part	NOUN	 part
On June 26, Parker was selected no. 2 overall by the Milwaukee Bucks. Just prior to the	the	DET	draft	NOUN	 draft
While the Scottish Enlightenment is traditionally considered to have concluded toward the end of the 18th century, disproportionately large	large	ADJ	Scottish	ADJ	 Scottish
The New Jersey State Highway Department favored the Essex Freeway instead between I 80 in Parsippany Troy Hills to I	I	PRON	95	NUM	 95
Charles Edwards comments: The implication of all this is that the Mercian submission to Alfred – a crucial step	step	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Ford, with 120 points, was fifteen points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third place. Mark	Mark	PROPN	Martin	PROPN	 Martin
A month later, the band released what would be their fifth and final studio album Save Yourself. A	A	DET	posthumous	ADJ	 posthumous
" Barry Nicholson of the NME wrote: " It's hardly love at first listen … Yet across repeat	repeat	NOUN	plays	NOUN	 plays
They begin a relationship and return home. Max begins to take the first steps of his transition. Max	Max	PROPN	's	PART	's
When the network announced the start of season two, the episode was not finished. On his personal website	website	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He competed in two Olympic Games, winning a team silver at the 1996 Summer Olympics and an individual gold	gold	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
All full time faculty have doctoral degrees. Shimer instructors teach across disciplines; the " ideal is that any	any	DET	faculty	NOUN	 faculty
Meanwhile, the Sejm agreed to raise money for the war. The situation of the Commonwealth forces, short	short	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Lobates have eight comb rows, originating at the aboral pole and usually not extending beyond the body to the	the	DET	lobes	NOUN	 lobes
Apparently she was infatuated with him strongly enough to appear at his door with a pair of suitcases, asking	asking	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Manning became the oldest starting quarterback to both play in and win a Super Bowl. Manning also became the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
I took them because I, as governor of the State, could not afford to create a row at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
The games were first released in Japan in late 2002 and internationally in 2003. Pokémon Emerald, a special	special	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Sayes Court was demolished in 1728 9 and a workhouse built on its site. Part of the estates around	around	ADP	Sayes	PROPN	 Sayes
Ernst Haeckel was particularly ardent, aiming to synthesise Darwin's ideas with those of Lamarck and Goethe while still	still	ADV	reflecting	VERB	 reflecting
With warm waters, Tropical Storm Linda gradually re intensified as it slowed down, due to a weakness in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Property must be protected by the state but, in order to secure universal independence, all citizens (including	including	VERB	women	NOUN	 women
In King Toot's music store, when Homer buys Lisa her first saxophone, there is a guitar in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After desperate attempts to fix the leak and pump the ship dry, Shackleton gave the order to abandon ship	ship	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
In a 2009 interview, Cross praised the planning for the invasion and the removal of Saddam Hussein, but	but	CCONJ	said	VERB	 said
In 190 AD, the powerful nobleman Yuan Shao rallies an army of warriors from across the land, including	including	VERB	Cao	PROPN	 Cao
The depression brought widespread rain to northern South India as it passed over the country and its remnants brought scattered	scattered	VERB	rain	NOUN	 rain
" Povenmire was nominated for an Annie Award for Directing in an Animated Television Production for the episode " PTV	PTV	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Hence, the determinant of the matrix M must be zero, providing a new equation in which the variable	variable	NOUN	x	SYM	 x
Enthusiastic about its contents, particularly articles by Portland native John Reed, Bryant began raising subscriptions for it.	.	PUNCT	Emma	PROPN	 Emma
The latest release in the series, Mother 3, has two soundtrack albums: Mother 3 +, released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
His best friend missed out, so he arranged for Flight Lieutenant Keith Johnson an Australian cricket official, to	to	PART	pull	VERB	 pull
, but this decree was provisional, since the draft Constitution (which was passed a day later) explicitly	explicitly	ADV	referred	VERB	 referred
Elsewhere, Fran brought flooding to several states, including Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Ohio, and	and	CCONJ	Pennsylvania	PROPN	 Pennsylvania
The other variety of CS Army uniform jackets and coats is the Zouave. This jacket was meant to be	be	AUX	loose	ADJ	 loose
He said that the biggest challenge with that was to make the gameplay and story work together; the goal	goal	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Research on these specimens by Mikhail A. Fedonkin, initially with Benjamin M. Waggoner in 1997, led to Kimberella	Kimberella	PROPN	being	AUX	 being
" Although Ol ' Dirty Bastard is given co production credit on " Da Mystery of Chessboxin ' " and	and	CCONJ	Method	PROPN	 Method
Ocupațiunea rusească și Regulamentul Organic (" The Romanian Principalities from 1828 to 1834. The Russian Occupation and Regulamentul	Regulamentul	PROPN	Organic	PROPN	 Organic
With his parent's blessing he left for seminary in the summer of 1928, going to Jerusalem to study	study	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" " Kaddish " originally aired on the Fox network on February 16, 1997, and was first broadcast	broadcast	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Revolutionary Generation " celebrates the strength and endurance of black women with lyrics related to black feminism, an	an	DET	unfamiliar	ADJ	 unfamiliar
Andrew Jackson opposed the presence of a group of armed fugitive slaves (although they were in a sparsely populated	populated	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
Other questions are presented in the standard multiple choice format but use recurring concepts, such as questions based on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the summer of 1957, Galland moved to Bonn and rented an office on Koblenzerstrasse, beginning his own	own	ADJ	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
They dealt in furs and possessed guns. Tensions rose between the Ojibwa and Dakota in the ensuing years.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In June 2013, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos stated his hope that Colombia's cooperation with NATO could result	result	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Metro fares vary based on the distance traveled and the time of day at entry. During peak hours (	(	PUNCT	weekdays	NOUN	weekdays
The IOC refused to see the case, stating, " This is a matter for the ISU to decide	decide	VERB	on	ADP	 on
According to internal White House and Commission documents posted in February 2016 by the National Security Archive at The George	George	PROPN	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
There is also one service in the morning departing St Pancras International for Maidstone West. In the evening there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
Gardiner and T & Y Board (and later Metro Planning Board) chairman James Maher personally walked the route	route	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
The scenes featuring Mulder and Scully being decontaminated were based on a similar scene in the 1962 James Bond film	film	NOUN	Dr.	PROPN	 Dr.
Vegetable chips may be fried, deep fried, dehydrated, dried or baked. Many various root vegetables or	or	CCONJ	leaf	NOUN	 leaf
No part of a structure from that period survives; the oldest parts of the present building are the south	south	ADJ	wall	NOUN	 wall
From the late 18th century, European Canadians (and the Canadian government) encouraged assimilation of Aboriginal culture into	into	ADP	what	PRON	 what
Alonso had a similar accident to Hamilton's at Massenet two laps later, and emerged in seventh after pitting	pitting	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Easterly wind shear caused disruption of the storms ' outflow; however, the center, previously surrounded by two	two	NUM	deep	ADJ	 deep
Among the birds, ptarmigan, dotterel and snow bunting in particular may be affected as they depend on high	high	ADJ	altitude	NOUN	 altitude
He was by now treated with the greatest respect in musical circles, but his many activities diminished the time	time	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
Five days later, the Minister for Defense Production informed the House of Commons that Avro was indeed working on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The large.455 Webley revolvers were retired in 1947, although the Webley Mk IV.38 / 200 remained in service until	until	ADP	1963	NUM	 1963
After several days of maneuver and stalemate, Pausanias ordered a night time retreat towards the Allies ' original positions	positions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Igarashi, present in the interview, asserted that making music for handheld game consoles, regardless of the type	type	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Here president Rhee came aboard on 16 September to present the Korean Presidential Unit Citation to the 7th Fleet.	.	PUNCT	Relieved	VERB	 Relieved
Melvyn Bragg commented, in his introduction to the programme, that the poet had given his full cooperation.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Originally, the film, under the working title " Snakes on a Plane ", was going to be	be	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
By 1996, the PlayStation had a considerably larger library than the Saturn, although Sega hoped to generate increased	increased	VERB	interest	NOUN	 interest
The success of Angelou's previous autobiographies and the publication of four volumes of poetry had brought Angelou a considerable	considerable	ADJ	amount	NOUN	 amount
Most destruction was due to Isidore, which caused about $970 million (2002 USD, $1.28 billion	billion	NUM	2016	NUM	 2016
Although it was not his decision to have it on the show, Powter said: " I need every	every	DET	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
Korps and he was appointed commanding officer of the 2. Grenadier Division in April 1957. He was then	then	ADV	posted	VERB	 posted
The report of the American John Murray Forbes to John Quincy Adams, sixth President of the United States,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, the store manager appears and allows her into the shop. She dismisses the masks she sees on	on	ADP	display	NOUN	 display
William of Ockham responded to the Euthyphro Dilemma by ' biting the bullet '. He argued that, if	if	SCONJ	God	PROPN	 God
Personal responsibility is often highlighted, and a strong anti censorship message may be present. Previously lost scenes cut	cut	VERB	by	ADP	 by
With the count at two balls and one strike, Ruth gestured, possibly in the direction of center field	field	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
White recorded the most hit outs in the league in 2002, with 561, playing in all of Melbourne	Melbourne	PROPN	's	PART	's
HMS St. Vincent, commissioned in 1910, was the first of her class and therefore the class of battleship	battleship	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Scully begins to question Berquist's motives, noting that she was the reason Mulder decided to look into this	this	DET	investigation	NOUN	 investigation
At the time, there were no public art galleries in England with permanent collections. In 1816, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He studied under George Russell, whose (1959) Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization Patt edited. Patt	Patt	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
" Requiem " was a story milestone for the series, featuring the alien abduction of Mulder. Mulder would	would	AUX	appear	VERB	 appear
As Japan lacked the industrial capacity to build such warships herself, the ship was built in Britain. She	She	PRON	often	ADV	 often
Each city and town in the game world each has an economy which the player can stimulate by completing jobs	jobs	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
She and her sister had become passionate about the issue of human trafficking as a result of their involvement with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Most of the unit's time during the Phoney War was consumed engaging in intensive training over the Wash which	which	PRON	included	VERB	 included
It had a bore of 48 inches (1,219 mm) and a stroke of 36 inches (914 mm	mm	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In some places, sticks are used instead of swords. Iberian stick dances (paulitos, paloteos, ball	ball	NOUN	de	PROPN	 de
Carlito and Primo invoked their rematch clause the next night on Raw, but were unsuccessful. On the July	July	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
" His first post upon returning to his home country was an advisory position with the Canadian Radio and Television	Television	PROPN	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
By noon, she was 140 miles off the southwest coast of England. This section of the English coast	coast	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He spent the 1963 season as a relief pitcher, sometimes in excruciating pain. Umbricht's health deteriorated soon	soon	ADV	afterwards	ADV	 afterwards
The bar has been restored to its original appearance, with rich wood panelling and leather upholstery and has 25	25	NUM	original	ADJ	 original
In this post Gulf War period, the Royal Navy's first female chaplain also served on board. Cardiff	Cardiff	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
On May 11, selected members of Congress (the congressional leadership and those who serve on the House and	and	CCONJ	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
Six months after Woodford's appointment as COO and President, on 1 October, Olympus elevated him to its	its	PRON	chief	ADJ	 chief
Although Smith lost the presidential race, Franklin won handily and the Roosevelts moved into the governor's mansion in	in	ADP	Albany	PROPN	 Albany
In wasps, as in other Hymenoptera, sex is determined by a haplodiploid system, which means that females	females	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The passenger service was withdrawn north of Tow Law on 1 May 1939. Britain's railways were nationalised on	on	ADP	1	NUM	 1
The skins or heads of taiko are generally made from cowhide from Holstein cows aged about three or four years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1937, the road became Secondary State Highway 2H (SSH 2H) and ran from Primary State Highway	Highway	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
By the later Bronze Age, an open, cleared, landscape predominated on the Wolds. It was used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In addition, the 46 multimember districts were replaced with 39 single member districts — 13 in Adelaide and 26	26	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Unable to do so, Kenneth takes a cardboard cut out of Tracy and pretends to be him as she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Most effectually he has put his critics to shame... [he is] in such a position that if	if	SCONJ	an	DET	 an
Oxbow was third out of the gate. He took the lead down the backstretch and stayed in front until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 9 March the NCRC released Lu ' ay al Atassi from jail, promoted him to the rank of	of	ADP	lieutenant	NOUN	 lieutenant
Another possible explanation for the magnetosphere's alignment is that there are oceans of liquid diamond in Uranus's interior	interior	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The newspapers searched for evidence of past impostures and referenced older publications such as Reginald Scot's Discoverie of Witchcraft	Witchcraft	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The corporation is responsible and involved in clearing encroachment of the tanks. Siruthuli, an environmental organisation founded by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Billboard has also published books in collaboration with Watson Guptill and a radio and television series called American Top Forty	Forty	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In March 2010 the club announced a return to the black and blue stripes for the 2010 – 11 season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This investment spurred Kang to have the Association establish a bank in Torreón, which began selling stock and real	real	ADJ	estate	NOUN	 estate
Ethylmercury, such as in thiomersal, clears much faster from the body after administration than methylmercury, suggesting total	total	ADJ	mercury	NOUN	 mercury
The principal photography for the fourth season was relocated to Los Angeles, California. The theme music of Prison	Prison	PROPN	Break	PROPN	 Break
If the fish was fully frozen, she would use an axe, chainsaw, or blowtorch to break the	the	DET	fish	NOUN	 fish
Okay. ' " Minnette received the role two weeks after his audition. Other cast members included Wilmer Valderrama	Valderrama	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wong was disappointed with director Harry Longstreet, claiming he did not have respect for the script. Longstreet had	had	AUX	failed	VERB	 failed
Spain ordered 19 tanks in 1970, and later agreed to manufacture another 180 tanks in Spain. In 1979	1979	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Victorious Boxers: Ippo's Road to Glory was produced by Entertainment Software Publishing and was adapted from the Fighting	Fighting	PROPN	Spirit	PROPN	 Spirit
They were the only battleships built at that time to adhere to the treaty and even though it soon became	became	VERB	apparent	ADJ	 apparent
Schools of pilot fish (Naucrates ductor) sometimes accompany the great hammerhead. The great hammerhead is parasitized by	by	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
As the population of Sheffield increased, Sheffield Corporation bought 23 acres (9.3 ha) of land at Blackburn	Blackburn	PROPN	Meadows	PROPN	 Meadows
" When Phillip was returned to prison for failing a drug test, Nancy replaced her husband as Dugard's	's	PART	jailer	NOUN	 jailer
It also features a range of multiplayer options, including a co operative mode and traditional deathmatch settings. Technically	Technically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It may supplement its diet with seeds, berries, and fruit in the winter. Males and females prefer	prefer	VERB	different	ADJ	 different
The allegations of corruption earned him the nickname of " Don Readies ". Though Mr Justice Cantley lifted the	the	DET	FA	PROPN	 FA
Kevin Nash was released from the hospital following Bound for Glory. Medical personnel stated he had what appeared to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Brown was drafted 27th overall by the Indianapolis Colts, becoming the first UConn player ever drafted in the first	first	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
It was only when faced with the danger of annihilation by the Franks in 584 that the Lombard dukes elected	elected	VERB	a	DET	 a
The eighth season was Novak's last as a series regular, although he made a few recurring appearances in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the widening shelved, businesses from Feeasterville and Southampton along with State Senator Marvin Keller led a push to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
In 1645, Sir John Owen was appointed governor of the castle instead, however, leading to a bitter	bitter	ADJ	dispute	NOUN	 dispute
Despite the importance of his title, Thơ rarely appeared with Diệm in public and was a figurehead with little	little	ADJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
It is a graph representing production tradeoffs of an economy given fixed resources. It is a graphical representation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Also attempted were two takes of " Medicine Sunday ", a song that later evolved into " Temporary Like	Like	ADP	Achilles	PROPN	 Achilles
Communities are individuals that affiliated regularly with each other, but rarely with conspecifics outside of the community. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It extends for 20.85 miles (33.55 km) from an intersection with NY 39 in the Collins hamlet of	of	ADP	Collins	PROPN	 Collins
Preliminary repairs were completed by 20 June, which permitted the ship to return to Germany. While Scharnhorst was	was	AUX	en	ADP	 en
In the top right corner, Murasaki's friend, the maid Saishō no Kimi, is visible. The	The	DET	large	ADJ	 large
She was mentioned in the Divine Comedy by Dante, was an inspiration for Mirra by Vittorio Alfieri, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Its eye measured 45 mi (75 km) in diameter, and a portion moved over Hatteras and the	the	DET	Pamlico	PROPN	 Pamlico
The AIF's requirements for manpower and equipment constrained the Militia during the early years of the war. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
With even a few hundred missies, the Soviets could afford to target every US bomber base. With no	no	DET	warning	NOUN	 warning
The road was laid out to a width of 160 feet (50 m) from Light Street to Locust	Locust	PROPN	Point	PROPN	 Point
He signed with the San Francisco Giants at the end of June. They initially assigned him to the Class	Class	PROPN	AAA	PROPN	 AAA
Initially, the Regia Aeronautica also participated in this campaign, but after a tragic incident where an Italian bomber	bomber	NOUN	mistakenly	ADV	 mistakenly
He began his senior career in 1909 – 10, appearing in one game with the Winnipeg Monarchs of the	the	DET	Manitoba	PROPN	 Manitoba
Chastain's final two roles of the year were in Wilde Salomé, a documentary based on her play Salome	Salome	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This episode achieved a 3.0 / 8 in the key 18 – 49 demographic, a series high in that	that	DET	category	NOUN	 category
Despite this measure, factors such as a growing population, the division of plots among descendants, peasant debts	debts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was released by New Line Cinema on August 18, 2006, in North America. The film was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
" Inside Mac Games ' Ken Newquist stated the game is " a real find " for players who have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Strong was appointed Head of the German Section at MI14 in August 1939. He liaised with French intelligence until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the absence of evidence that would invalidate the organ harvesting allegations — such as a Chinese government registry showing	showing	VERB	the	DET	 the
After the first performance, Sibelius made some changes, leading to a revised version which was given its first	first	ADJ	performance	NOUN	 performance
For genotype 1 hepatitis C treated with Pegylated interferon alpha 2a or Pegylated interferon alpha 2b combined with ribavirin,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
James Endrst of the Hartford Courant identified her as " a spoiled rich kid ", while the Daily News	News	PROPN	dubbed	VERB	 dubbed
However, many of the pasture fields on the outskirts of the town have evidence of ridge and furrow farming	farming	NOUN	practices	NOUN	 practices
Until the completion of the Flavian Palace on the Palatine Hill, the imperial court was situated at Alba or	or	CCONJ	Circeii	PROPN	 Circeii
They seldom leave their swamp habitat during the daytime. Though sitatunga commonly form pairs or remain solitary, larger	larger	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
Dannatt went on to chair a conference of welfare providers to military personnel in order to show that the Army	Army	PROPN	understood	VERB	 understood
The episode was viewed by 29.1 million viewers, making it the highest rated episode in the series ' run	run	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Both animal and human sacrifices have been found in Liao tombs, alongside indications of Buddhist practice. Indications of	of	ADP	Daoist	PROPN	 Daoist
The cover art is by Julie Bell, who is also the artist for the album Bat out Of Hell	Hell	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
In 1802 he published a legal tract, On Merchants ' Ships and Seamen, which was praised by his	his	PRON	fellow	ADJ	 fellow
Scheele, Henry Cavendish, and Priestley also studied this element at about the same time; Lavoisier named it	it	PRON	in	ADP	 in
There has been a dispute in recent years over whether Moe refers to Homer's garage as a " car	car	NOUN	hole	NOUN	 hole
Joseph McKenna was appointed in 1898, placing two Catholics on the Court until White's death in 1921.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Scribal Habits of Codex Sinaiticus. Gorgias Press LLC. Kenyon, Frederic G. (1939). Our Bible	Bible	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He increased the price of fuels, sold the state shares of YPF to Repsol, fired state employees,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Her propulsion system consisted of one single expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, with steam supplied	supplied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
SkyLoop XT 900 is a concept that has yet to be built. The design of model begins the same	same	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
The disastrous Union defeat at Bull Run led Sherman to question his own judgment as an officer and the capacities	capacities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When Pete refuses to throw a race, his life is put in jeopardy, and he forces Clark to	to	PART	abuse	VERB	 abuse
During his recovery, Laird stated that Campbell Ryce rang him on a weekly basis — " I knew him	him	PRON	previously	ADV	 previously
The first B.2 flew with the second generation Olympus 200 of 16,000 lbf (71 kN) thrust, design	design	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Commentaries helped to solidify legal thinking. At the same time, legal education had stalled, and Blackstone	Blackstone	PROPN	's	PART	's
It plowed through northern Florida and southeastern Georgia while maintaining its intensity and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone off the	the	DET	coast	NOUN	 coast
The lyrics of " Fighter " have been recognized as " empowering ". David Brownie from Entertainment Weekly called	called	VERB	it	PRON	 it
He's nasty, he's mean, he's smart and he's hungry for publicity. Everything's	's	AUX	going	VERB	 going
On November 20, 2012, for the release of The Dark Knight Rises DVD and Blu ray, Warner	Warner	PROPN	Bros.	PROPN	 Bros.
Thornton Tomasetti was the structural engineer. The building is located on ground leased from the City of Chicago,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Encountering a MissingNo. Pokémon is the result of three computing events. The first is the game's random	random	ADJ	battle	NOUN	 battle
P. canaliculata also preys on a common freshwater gymnolaemate, but with less devastating effect. Indigenous snails do not	not	PART	feed	VERB	 feed
Early in 1944, her aircraft provided air support during the Gilbert and Marshall Islands Campaign before she was transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
With the construction of the Sørland Line to Kongsberg, which opened on 10 November 1871, proposals were launched	launched	VERB	to	PART	 to
The rhinarium continues down where it divides the upper lip. The upper lip is attached to the premaxilla,	,	PUNCT	preventing	VERB	 preventing
That designation was deleted when it was renumbered US 11. As a result, PA 39 is one of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
After Glitter fell into developmental hell, Carey postponed the project, and began writing material for a new album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2005, Salzgeber was named as the new dressage training adviser to the Australian national equestrian team. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In 2011, Forbes ranked Perry third on their " Top Earning Women In Music " list with earnings	earnings	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Around 1835 John Bellenden Ker suggested that Jack and Jill were two priests, and this was enlarged by Katherine	Katherine	PROPN	Elwes	PROPN	 Elwes
Per season average attendance for Rosenborg's league matches lay between five and ten thousand people during the 1970s and	and	CCONJ	early	ADJ	 early
In 1903, a monument was erected to honor the battle. In 1945, when French troops arrived in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its linguistic use is more identifiable, with lexical borrowings from Yiddish, Romani, and costermonger slang, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Though Spielberg complied with a request from Zanuck and Brown to cast known actors, he wanted to avoid hiring	hiring	VERB	any	DET	 any
He described all of the tracks as " beautiful ", and felt that the arranged version of " Sound	Sound	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The girls ' Bon Jovi – Rolling Stones mash up was received favorably by Stack and Milzoff — the former	former	ADJ	graded	VERB	 graded
Part of modern day NY 311 from the NY 292 intersection to the route's ending terminus was once part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Randolph ’ s outline the committee replaced that language with a list of 18 specific “ enumerated ” powers	powers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Showrunner Al Jean noted in an interview with Entertainment Weekly that it was easy to cast Lynch, since "	"	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Monsopiad Cultural Village (Kampung Monsopiad) features cultural shows related to the Kadazan Dusun culture. It is named	named	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Furthermore, Spanish law maintained that both husband and wife should share equally in the profits of marriage, and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
In terms of visual arts, the city contains a number of galleries featuring both classical and contemporary Romanian art	art	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I presume they must be few. Though Raspe's book is no longer widely read by English speakers,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Hot to the Touch " was seen by 2.655 million viewers and marked a significant increase in ratings for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to unverified reports it is believed that St. Thaddeus was buried at the site of the St. Thaddeus Monastery	Monastery	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The type's increased range is due to an additional center fuel tank and a higher maximum takeoff weight (	(	PUNCT	MTOW	PROPN	MTOW
Weed procured Seward's triumph at the Utica convention. The election turned on national issues, most importantly President	President	PROPN	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
I think they've been revamped recently in a fun way in the [comic] book. " Feige	Feige	PROPN	reiterated	VERB	 reiterated
Constantine and Martindale bowled up to four short deliveries each over so that the ball rose to head height;	;	PUNCT	occasionally	ADV	 occasionally
" Robert Copsey of Digital Spy felt the production credits for MDNA had fueled " over inflated expectations " for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mario sets off in pursuit to locate and rescue the princess, learning in the process of Bowser's intentions	intentions	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The film earned $26,752,099 on its opening day, and $77,025,481 over its opening weekend, making it	it	PRON	the	DET	 the
In connection to this, he wrote an article in ADDitude Magazine about his personal experience with it. Levine	Levine	PROPN	founded	VERB	 founded
Though Cameron felt Jake and Neytiri do not fall in love right away, their portrayers (Worthington and Saldana	Saldana	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Sweta Kaushal of Hindustan Times praised her for perfecting the body languages and accents of the two women, and	and	CCONJ	Saibal	PROPN	 Saibal
Ventus was designed by director Tetsuya Nomura who wanted to create a character with an important connection with the series	series	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Italian fascism derived its name from the fasces, which symbolised imperium, or power and authority, in ancient	ancient	ADJ	Rome	PROPN	 Rome
During his time as Archbishop he adamantly refused to host lavish social gatherings, which made him popular with the	the	DET	common	ADJ	 common
The largest mining company was the Rockefeller family owned Colorado Fuel & Iron Company. On April 20, 1914	1914	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
From 1640 onwards no readings were held, and barristers such as Sir Edward Coke remarked at the time that	that	PRON	the	DET	 the
The fungus is resistant to its own chemical because its ubihydroquinone has three amino acid residues that prevent the strobilurins	strobilurins	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Two days later, he won Stevenage's penalty in the 93rd minute against one of his former employers,	,	PUNCT	Cambridge	PROPN	 Cambridge
On 20 May 2009, Andreas Mogensen, a researcher at the Surrey Space Centre, was announced as a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
After optionally earning the loyalty of the squad, Shepard visits a derelict Reaper and acquires an IFF transponder necessary	necessary	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
He married for the fourth and final time in Phoenix, Arizona, on October 26, 1969 to Jessi	Jessi	PROPN	Colter	PROPN	 Colter
Phil tries to admit that he has cirrhosis of liver, but she refuses to see him again and he	he	PRON	leaves	VERB	 leaves
It was so rich in all kind of ways. " Although Scott had accepted the job Demme had rejected	rejected	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The tourists were still more than 200 runs in arrears when Loxton came in to join Harvey. On Loxton	Loxton	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
In Sarasota, high tides from the system affected 200 sea turtle nests, of which 20 had to be	be	AUX	transported	VERB	 transported
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985. It was created by TV executive Reg	Reg	PROPN	Watson	PROPN	 Watson
Other Twitter users compared Germany's dominating performance to their military efforts during World War II and The Holocaust,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The AV Club's Todd VanDerWerff noted his enjoyment of the storyline, but he mostly enjoyed the episode's	's	PART	inclusion	NOUN	 inclusion
It was during his junior years that Trenchard and his siblings were educated at home by a resident tutor,	,	PUNCT	whom	PRON	 whom
The clip met with generally positive reception from music critics, who praised its aesthetic and sexual theme and claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Hampden Roar was first noticed in a game against England in 1929. Scotland, who had played the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Three goddesses were associated with Allah as his daughters: Allāt, Manāt and al- ‘ Uzzá. Monotheistic communities	communities	NOUN	existed	VERB	 existed
When eaten fresh and raw, the mushroom has been known to cause an irritant reaction on the lips and	and	CCONJ	tongue	NOUN	 tongue
Irataba assisted Captain Lorenzo Sitgreaves during his 1851 exploration of the Colorado. On March 19, 1851, most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
He won the bronze medal overall, placing 0.60 points behind silver medalist Brandon Mroz and 7.70 points ahead of	of	ADP	pewter	PROPN	 pewter
Walker was honoured by the opportunity to record a piece of Tedder's work. Walker told the Daily Telegraph	Telegraph	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Colhoun was one of 111 Wickes class destroyers built by the United States Navy between 1917 and 1919. She	She	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Two people were killed in the city after being crushed by falling walls. A maximum of 7.02 in (	(	PUNCT	178	NUM	178
Kuala Lumpur ceased to be the capital of Selangor in 1978 after the city of Shah Alam was declared the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) – With the passage of ERISA in 1974, corporate	corporate	ADJ	pension	NOUN	 pension
But he enjoyed her sudden relationship with Commander William Riker in " Conundrum ". Forbes shared the view of	of	ADP	that	DET	 that
Incidents escalated, resulting in 13 separate attacks on Swiss territory on 22 February 1945 — the day President Franklin	Franklin	PROPN	D.	PROPN	 D.
A small number of criollos, notably Mariano Moreno, supported the mutiny, but most of them did not	not	PART	.	PUNCT	.
The third fight took place in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) at UFC 92: The Ultimate 2008	2008	NUM	on	ADP	 on
The episode keeps us interested and entertained. " Mac McEntire of DVD Verdict cited the scene in which the	the	DET	children	NOUN	 children
Seydlitz, Moltke, and Blücher went north to shell Hartlepool, while Von der Tann and Derfflinger went south	south	ADV	to	PART	 to
On 9 January 1909, Shackleton and three companions (Wild, Eric Marshall and Jameson Adams) reached a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The pianist George Shearing was a fan and would play " Autumn in New York " in the style of	of	ADP	Edwards	PROPN	 Edwards
" Wounding " and " causing grievous bodily harm " are defined in the same way as they are in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following week, she made her Raw debut in a tag team match, teaming with Maryse against Gail	Gail	PROPN	Kim	PROPN	 Kim
While the Arroyo Seco Parkway was being built and extended, the region's freeway system was taking shape.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She continued in this routine in early 1910; she operated with the Training Squadron from 4 to 29 April	April	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The album received generally positive reviews and critics considered it one of the best soundtracks of the year, especially	especially	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
A possible film still exists for the work and the identity of the actors are complimentary in between two identical	identical	ADJ	stills	NOUN	 stills
The Partisans emerged from the operation without significant losses, though NDH propaganda claimed that the rebels in Kozara were	were	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
Stephen and his brother managed to reward their fellow conspirators. Peteinos became patrikios and Great Hetaeriarch, Argyros was	was	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
In 1949 the authorities enacted the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Reconstruction Act, which gave the city access to special grant	grant	NOUN	aid	NOUN	 aid
Ginko faces the Tokoyami itself in the writings warehouse, while Tama and Koro try to remove the Tokoyami by	by	ADP	bloodletting	VERB	 bloodletting
On 16 July, Guam and Alaska conducted a sweep into the East China and Yellow Seas to sink Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	shipping	NOUN	 shipping
Tumbleweeds are the above ground portions of certain plants, which separate from their root structure and roll in the	the	DET	wind	NOUN	 wind
" Ebert and his colleague Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune spent a considerable amount of time in the Siskel	Siskel	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
In this series, the character of the Black Adder is somewhat different from later incarnations, being largely unintelligent	unintelligent	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The museum's art collection currently consists of more than 10,000 objects that include a wide variety of paintings,	,	PUNCT	sculpture	NOUN	 sculpture
The 2011 census shows that the average age of residents has decreased as the town has attracted students, families	families	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" His answer to this problem was managerial and statist. Lê Duẩn's concept of " collective mastery "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The word " ecology " (" Ökologie ") was coined in 1866 by the German scientist Ernst Haeckel	Haeckel	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Scott wrote in his report to the hospital that he was not sure whether Lamb's condition was genuine or	or	CCONJ	whether	SCONJ	 whether
Tony Curtis had to fight for the role of Sidney Falco because Universal, the studio to which he was	was	AUX	contracted	VERB	 contracted
' line and scene in which he's sitting at the typewriter and unleashes his anger upon his wife.	.	PUNCT	So	ADV	 So
Local historians have proposed various theories for the origin of the name Neilston. Although the first element is likely	likely	ADJ	to	PART	 to
She was completed on 13 January 1903 and assigned to the Cruiser Squadron of the Channel Fleet, under the	the	DET	command	NOUN	 command
West of the confluence of the Murray and Murrumbidgee is the beginning of the more arid Far West region.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Several of its features diverged from related species, indicating long term isolation on Rodrigues and subsequent adaptation. The	The	DET	rose	VERB	 rose
For over two years, they maintained a fragile and uneasy family life with their daughter. Cooper moved back	back	ADV	into	ADP	 into
But every irrational number, including π, can be represented by an infinite series of nested fractions, called	called	VERB	a	DET	 a
Nevertheless, Akinaga, realising that further assaults were futile finally dispatched the order to cancel the attack. At	At	ADP	around	ADP	 around
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood of I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide	Guide	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
The music for the serial was recorded on 3 March 1975 and the dubbing finished the day before Part One	One	NUM	aired	VERB	 aired
The Football Trust contributed half of the £150,000 cost of the stand, and it was constructed in the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
Crane subsequently adapted his report into narrative form, and the resulting short story " The Open Boat " was	was	AUX	published	VERB	 published
Descended from an earlier English king, Æthelnoth became a monk prior to becoming archbishop. While archbishop, he	he	PRON	travelled	VERB	 travelled
Only in his late twenties, he was the youngest group leader in the experimental division. The cyclotron would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The impact of the season was widespread and ruinous with an estimated 3,913 deaths and record damage of about $	$	SYM	159.2	NUM	159.2
The principal routes from Central India were occupied by British detachments. The Pindari forces were completely broken up,	,	PUNCT	scattered	VERB	 scattered
" Alan Gibson wrote: " We hardly think of him as a stylist, and he was mostly a	a	DET	back	ADJ	 back
Usually, it must be thrown overboard before the rest of the catch can be sorted. Throughout Indonesia and	and	CCONJ	Malaysia	PROPN	 Malaysia
An early plan conceived by British Rail in the early 1970s for a route passing through Tonbridge met considerable opposition	opposition	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The next largest group of victims were non Jewish Poles, who accounted for 70,000 to 75,000 deaths. Twenty	Twenty	NUM	one	NUM	 one
Prior to this movie, Zoboomafoo, a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) children's television series from 1999	1999	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The film's trailer was nominated for the " Golden Fleece " award at the 3rd Golden Trailer Awards.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Nobunaga had the castle repaired and renamed it Gifu Castle. The castle town of Inoguchi was likewise renamed Gifu	Gifu	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The storm also damaged water stations, power lines, and thousands of hectares of crops, including food reserves	reserves	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On July 31, it weakened to a tropical depression. Darby soon crossed into the Central Pacific Hurricane Center	Center	PROPN	's	PART	's
He appeared in 25 games with the Guelph Storm in 1997 – 98, and although he did not appear	appear	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Without abandoning their nominal military service, they acquired diverse properties to consolidate their presence and income such as soap	soap	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The total path length was 22 miles (35 km), and the width of the funnel reached 1.7	1.7	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
The 30,000 seats would be added above the second deck of the stadium from the end of the press boxes	boxes	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
Subjective case is used when the pronoun is the subject of a finite clause, and otherwise the objective case	case	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
His younger son John followed him into the Navy, entering the RANC in 1947. Graduating as chief cadet	cadet	NOUN	captain	NOUN	 captain
Punk is a playable character in numerous video games: WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw	Raw	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
Although a female may mate with several males, the dominant male may be more likely to copulate when the	the	DET	female	NOUN	 female
When Hun Sen rejected Sihanouk's concern, the latter followed up in September 2002 by threatening to abdicate,	,	PUNCT	so	SCONJ	 so
The episode featured several guest appearances including one from The Office co creator Ricky Gervais, his second appearance on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Though cetaceans have been held in captivity in both North America and Europe since the 1860s, the first being	being	AUX	a	DET	 a
Aware of the sensitive political climate of the Cold War and not wishing to " perpetuate the idea that Russia	Russia	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It is at a distance of 3900 light years and has an overall magnitude of 6.0; it is 14	14	NUM	light	ADJ	 light
Without running water, several people bathed in the oil contaminated harbor where many boats sunk, which caused skin	skin	NOUN	irritations	NOUN	 irritations
After the collapse of Roman authority in the early fifth century, four major circles of influence emerged in Northern	Northern	PROPN	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
To make ends meet, he was forced to compose lots of smaller works for publication in Finland. In	In	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Hamilton considers that sometimes an inconvenient truth may be too difficult to bear: Sometimes facing up to the truth	truth	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
They can shut you out or shut you in. And in some ways there is no difference. "	"	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
The tropical storm headed directly eastward on October 19, and dissipated in the open Atlantic on October 20.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Footdrumming has been reported to be involved in male male competition; the dominant male indicates its resource holding potential	potential	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The route passes Saw Mill Pond, and a small parking lot for the pond, before continuing down a	a	DET	steep	ADJ	 steep
The Levels contain the best preserved prehistoric village in the UK, Glastonbury Lake Village, as well as two	two	NUM	others	NOUN	 others
Professional guidelines recommend that if pituitary apoplexy is suspected or confirmed, the minimal blood tests performed should include a	a	DET	complete	ADJ	 complete
Diaby scored his second goal of the campaign in Arsenal's 3 – 1 league win against Newcastle on 21	21	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
' The prohibitions of ' Bills of Attainder ' in Art. I, § § 9 – 10,	,	PUNCT	prohibit	NOUN	 prohibit
Governor James E. Campbell, a Democrat, who had defeated Foraker in 1889, was to seek re election	election	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Peng also became a zealous supporter of the Three anti Campaign due to his belief that corruption and waste were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
Bordering the Rio Grande, the valley consisted of flat desert land measuring about 50 miles (80 km)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Missoula was founded in 1860 as Hellgate Trading Post while still part of Washington Territory. By 1866, the	the	DET	settlement	NOUN	 settlement
When Hamburg America withdrew from the service, the liner was traded to North German Lloyd, and regularly used	used	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
Another such check was provocatio. Provocatio was a primordial form of due process. It was a precursor to	to	ADP	habeas	X	 habeas
He also played at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship, where he contributed to Ireland topping their group to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
Even though Oracle foils him, she starts doubting her abilities and fears she's losing her edge and brilliance	brilliance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 11 November 1816, Enrouf received command of the III Division, located at Metz, which was occupied	occupied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
I beg to tender the following suggestion as a means of getting over the difficulty: that ten or twelve	twelve	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven	seven	NUM	players	NOUN	 players
The encore featured two acrobats that floated high above the crowd suspended on floating white balloons. Footage of the	the	DET	latter	ADJ	 latter
The organization also fields Halo, Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS: GO), Super Smash Bros.	Bros.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Liverpool's fifth place finish in the Premiership left much to be desired but debut season glory still awaited Alonso	Alonso	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The episode was written and directed by series creator Brad Falchuk, filmed in part on location in New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
After the Second World War picturesque ruins of castles became unfashionable. The conservation preference was to restore castles so	so	SCONJ	as	SCONJ	 as
The project's cost is estimated at $150 million. The federal government is paying 65 percent, Oregon	Oregon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In America, Burnell Poole painted canvases of United States Navy ships in dazzle camouflage at sea. The historian	historian	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There was a landslide shift towards the SNP, which took 56 of the 59 Scottish seats at Westminster,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
On June 29, Benjamin was traded back to the ECW brand. On February 28, 2010, WWE	WWE	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
John Richardson, the special effects supervisor, made a floor that was capable of rising on different levels,	,	PUNCT	so	CCONJ	 so
The chapel was subsequently refurbished in 1950, the work dedicated to Lang's memory. The probate value of	of	ADP	Lang	PROPN	 Lang
However, Springfield Elementary School stays open regardless of the storm, even though every other local school closes.	.	PUNCT	Only	ADV	 Only
In addition to the main cast, the trilogy features guest performances, most notably, Gene Simmons and Paul	Paul	PROPN	Stanley	PROPN	 Stanley
The song, along with " Start All Over " and " " Who Owns My Heart " are the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
" The sequence was subsequently cut. The writing staff used Leyla's character to comment on the state of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the conflict he served in both the London Scottish Regiment and the Royal Flying Corps, where he was	was	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
This requirement is based on the fact that they are both equally responsible for federal funds received. Subrecipient monitoring	monitoring	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
In 2008, he made the Giants ' starting rotation and remained in it for the entire year, except	except	SCONJ	for	ADP	 for
With a ridge to the south, the system tracked southwestward and intensified into Tropical Storm Flossy on February 27	27	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
For that reason, whatever happens next, they deserve to be remembered fondly. " A reviewer for the	the	DET	Daily	PROPN	 Daily
Eddie finally appears above Bert in two shot when Eddie returns to beat Fats. The Hustler is fundamentally a	a	DET	story	NOUN	 story
In " Finding Judas ", Cuddy finds Tritter spending his day off looking through the hospital's log for	for	ADP	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
This can cause abnormal platelet function and prolonged bleeding times. Affected dogs can be prone to nose bleeds,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Calvin gave himself and Hobbes important positions in the club, Calvin being " Dictator for Life " and Hobbes	Hobbes	PROPN	being	AUX	 being
Brodeur won a Stanley Cup in only his second full season in the NHL. After the victory, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In the fifteenth century continental builders are known to have been working in Scotland. French master mason John Morrow	Morrow	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Poor communications in the British establishment and French naval superiority over the Chesapeake Bay caused him to become entrapped at	at	ADP	Yorktown	PROPN	 Yorktown
The refurbishing initiative cost US $3.6 million, and was completed in August 2014. Mogadishu University (MU	MU	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The assailants by passed the police and the referee had to be rescued by members of the Welsh team.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
All that remains is a South American superman: uncomplex, pure of heart, defiantly pious and boring "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In movement 2 he uses the image of a rose with thorns to illustrate two conflicting aspects. In movements	movements	NOUN	3	NUM	 3
At the time the church's interior was reconstructed at the turn of the 20th century, it was positioned	positioned	VERB	on	ADP	 on
An album entitled Love Song was released in August 2005 containing songs sung by Riya of Eufonius. In December	December	PROPN	2006	NUM	 2006
Judges ' votes to send through to the final Walsh: Mary Byrne – backed his own act, Mary	Mary	PROPN	Byrne	PROPN	 Byrne
After graduation, he enlisted in the Air Force and was stationed at Carswell Air Force Base in Fort Worth	Worth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The failure to institute effective civilian oversight of the F FDTL also limited the extent to which foreign countries are	are	AUX	willing	ADJ	 willing
The other Mercedes of Hamilton had brake problems as well towards the end, but was able to control the	the	DET	gap	NOUN	 gap
The proprietary constituted up to 5,000,000 acres (20,000 km2) of Virginia's Northern Neck and a vast area	area	NOUN	spanning	VERB	 spanning
Mesfin Fekadu of the Associated Press wrote that " the old school flavored " song was one of the best	best	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
They suffer heavily from their struggle against German infantry, machine gun nests, and artillery fire. Captain John	John	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
Interestingly enough, the Crimson Tide were not fazed by Croyle ’ s rather serious ligament tear, for they	they	PRON	felt	VERB	 felt
The first mood, generally predominant in the composer's output, was more popular, as audiences, preferred	preferred	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Passionate about the spirituality of the Desert Fathers, he and Sister Margaret McKenna debated about " Where is the	the	DET	desert	NOUN	 desert
The Mark VIII 2 pounder gun fired a 40 millimetre (1.6 in).91 pound (0.41 kg) shell at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Without the restriction of a roof, the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as 2,000 feet (610	610	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The Times in early 1822 chided Etty, remarking that " We take this opportunity of advising Mr. Etty,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Alley was so fond of her Vulcan ears that she would take them home with her at the end of	of	ADP	each	DET	 each
The three springs were channelled into one, so that the water would be conveniently concentrated in one area.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The two teams had met in 21 previous matches, but their only previous encounter in the single elimination round	round	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is the first game of the Final Fantasy Tactics series and was released in Japan in June 1997 and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Before leaving for his sabbatical in February 1886 he published a paper summarising his research to date, in which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Their declared grounds for opposing statehood for Arizona were that Arizona's constitution included the initiative, the referendum and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Later that year he was appointed captain of the Parnell Company. During the Invasion of the Waikato (a	a	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
Several relatively simple chemical tests — commercially available as reagent testing kits — can be used to assess the presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Selling 790,705 units as of August 2008, it became the third best selling game for the PSP in Japan	Japan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
There are two types of written Mongolian used in China: the traditional Mongolian script, which is official among	among	ADP	Mongols	PROPN	 Mongols
Her anima guides them up as they prepare to open the final chapter of their story. Above Lemurés,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Today, the castle can be reached by a 12 person ferry operated from Kinross by Historic Scotland during the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
And that's the process, I guess, of life — the detachment and the release of something gives	gives	VERB	you	PRON	 you
Interest has also focused on the neurotransmitter glutamate and the reduced function of the NMDA glutamate receptor in schizophrenia,	,	PUNCT	largely	ADV	 largely
Gyllenhaal played Yelena Andreevna in the Classic Stage Company's 2009 Off Broadway production of Anton Chekhov's Uncle Vanya	Vanya	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
One Direction performed " What Makes You Beautiful " and " One Thing " on the NBC comedy television show	show	NOUN	Saturday	PROPN	 Saturday
Southampton were believed to have had Mido on their shortlist of targets, but his agent Christophe Henrotay said Roma	Roma	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
As such they formed part of the force, led by Kjotve the Rich of Agder and the kings and	and	CCONJ	jarls	NOUN	 jarls
In addition to some strengthening, there were alterations to the air intake, which had throughout the P.1127 and	and	CCONJ	Kestrel	PROPN	 Kestrel
Hiei and Kirishima then disabled two American destroyers (one of which later sank). In turn, Hiei	Hiei	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
He was handed a red card against Barrow in the semi final of the Conference League Cup in March,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In the 1950s, the young musicologist Joseph Kerman described Tosca as a " shabby little shocker. ";	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
His Te Deum Laudamus, written to commemorate the end of the Boer War, was performed posthumously. A	A	DET	monument	NOUN	 monument
If liquid water is present in Triton, it has been speculated that this could make it habitable for some	some	DET	form	NOUN	 form
This album's most successful song, " Wavin ' Flag ", was released throughout Europe and the US	US	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As the Cold War continued to intensify in 1947, Congress held a hearing at which the Hollywood Ten refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
Mob authors and journalists Anthony D. DeStefano and Selwyn Raab both consider the turning of so many made men as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It was also depicted on the 1986 Birds of Canada series Canadian $2 note, but this note has	has	AUX	since	ADV	 since
But crucially there was also her strength of character. So we kept away from frills and flounces. I	I	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
At daybreak they climbed the Philip II Wall, which extends up the west side of the Rock, and	and	CCONJ	killed	VERB	 killed
The presence of this control on numbers of the parasitic species may explain why birds are prepared to reuse old	old	ADJ	nests	NOUN	 nests
The early deposits formed a " proto Rainier " or an ancestral cone prior to the present day cone.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Inland flooding occurred along the James River as far west as Richmond, where damage was limited to downed trees	trees	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
William has the unusual distinction of having been Archbishop of York twice, both before and after his rival Henry	Henry	PROPN	Murdac	PROPN	 Murdac
The rigors of drumming have led to five tendonitis operations. He soaks his hands in hot water before a	a	DET	concert	NOUN	 concert
The anime special DVD will be bundled with limited edition of the 58th manga volume to be released on April	April	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
After returning to the United States, he earned a master's degree in teaching, with a secondary science	science	NOUN	specialization	NOUN	 specialization
The segment was widely criticized for being biased against Burrows and failing to illustrate both sides of the argument.	.	PUNCT	Burrows	NOUN	 Burrows
Cortinarius violaceus is a rare component of subarctic areas of western Greenland. In Europe, it grows in deciduous	deciduous	ADJ	woodland	NOUN	 woodland
The President and his Attorney General both believed that public opinion opposed clemency and that releasing Debs could strengthen Wilson	Wilson	PROPN	's	PART	's
She had a beam of 31 meters (101 ft 8 in) and, at deep load, a	a	DET	draft	NOUN	 draft
Winter wrote that " [t] he repertoire of any current tap dancer contains elements which were established theatrically	theatrically	ADV	by	ADP	 by
He has a great eye. " Hollywood casting agents sought a wide variety of extras, ranging from teenage	teenage	ADJ	delinquents	NOUN	 delinquents
The National Pan Hellenic Council comprises 8 historically black organizations. Florida State University's Reserve Officer Training Corps is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Belfast remained in Hong Kong during 1949, sailing for Singapore on 18 January 1950. There she underwent a	a	DET	minor	ADJ	 minor
At the time, Australian society at large was divided along Catholic Protestant lines, and while O'Reilly and McCabe	McCabe	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Jon Dolan from Rolling Stone described the clip as a " revealingly down to earth tour " of the singer	singer	NOUN	's	PART	's
The single remaining building from the pre 1989 Block 37 architecture is an active Commonwealth Edison transformer building that distributes	distributes	VERB	power	NOUN	 power
At the same time, the Comstock Lode and other Western mining areas were producing record amounts of silver.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
This system had seen previous successful use on the LBSCR. Because the air compressor required extra space for installation	installation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In this episode, Doggett is determined to find an error in the DNA evidence that freed the convicted Robert	Robert	PROPN	Fassl	PROPN	 Fassl
He composed it in Köthen between 1717 and 1723 for Quinquagesima Sunday and performed it as an audition piece for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 492 feet (150 m) tower was designed by Vincent Kling & Associates and completed in 1972.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Clark set himself three initial goals in civilian life — to earn $40 million in the business world and	and	CCONJ	practice	NOUN	 practice
Instead of releasing an album of brand new material, Gessle and Fredriksson re mastered older recordings, including several	several	ADJ	slated	VERB	 slated
To avoid this, Chen and Wu started a rebellion against Qin, known as the Dazexiang Uprising, but	but	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Charlton continued to lead the attack despite mortal wounds until Chinese troops occupying it were destroyed, saving his platoon	platoon	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The treatment involved taking around twenty eight injections into his hip. He returned to full training in late November	November	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
5 hit single " Out in the Fields ". Gary Moore died of a heart attack in Estepona,	,	PUNCT	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
1305 – 7 July 1345) was a 14th century Bulgarian brigand and local ruler. Initially a member of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The 1998 study by Musser and colleagues also documented Oryzomys bolivaris as the correct name for the species previously known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Stripped of his command, he was paraded through the streets draped in sheep's entrails while seated backwards on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
It received mixed reviews from music critics, with some considering the song the highlight from 20 Y.O. while others	others	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
When first reported, Archaeomarasmius leggetti was the second extinct species of agaric fungus to be described, and it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Nothing was ever proven against Ahmed, who later became a Bombay government official and was knighted in 1932.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Cochrane, Alasdair (2010). " Undignified bioethics ". Bioethics 24 (5): 234 – 241	241	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Production was delayed by the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, and the first N class rolled	rolled	VERB	out	ADP	 out
That night, the Karlovac Corps decided to move elements of the 110th Home Guard Regiment and the 104th Brigade	Brigade	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
He also established a modern school. The school taught subjects such as theology, music, grammar, geography	geography	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He then paraphrases a line from the book: " I like to keep things interesting. A wise man	man	NOUN	once	ADV	 once
Word of the upset spread as far as Iran, where the hostages were surprised to learn of the Buccaneers	Buccaneers	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Upon both the release of Garbage, and of " Only Happy When It Rains " as a single,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1911, he represented the Holy See at the coronation of King George V. Pacelli became the under secretary	secretary	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The album contains everything played at the concert, with the Final Fantasy suite split into three tracks, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The major difference was the location and direction of the mortar (the M4's mortar was rear facing and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Eminem joins Rihanna in front of the burning house for the final verse. Meanwhile, after the flashback,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" In United States v. Sheldon (1817), decided after the war had ended, Barber was distinguished	distinguished	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Selected as the album's third single, a remix of " Free " with guest vocals from will.i.am,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
When pressed, she reveals that the rape resulted in a child, which she put up for adoption.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In late winter 1968 Spiegelman suffered a brief but intense nervous breakdown, which cut his university studies short.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona, in which two friends appear to approve of rape, the Shrew's	's	PART	story	NOUN	 story
In 1936, he was promoted to group captain and took command of RAAF Station Laverton. Raised to air	air	NOUN	commodore	NOUN	 commodore
RFK must die. RFK must be killed. Robert F. Kennedy must be assassinated..... Robert F. Kennedy must	must	AUX	be	AUX	 be
It was this incident that showed him " the fear of meeting a person I can't communicate with,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Despite offers of about £115 million from a number of parties, the sale was later cancelled in November	November	PROPN	2005	NUM	 2005
Traversing the peninsula by this route takes hours and can be quite nerve wracking; this earned it the ire	ire	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Nonetheless, San Diego was rated the fifth best place to live in the United States in 2006 by Money	Money	PROPN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
" In the end, the in game model of Cate Archer was styled after model and actress Mitzi Martin	Martin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In support of their filings, the turnpike opponents alleged that OTA was illegally dumping material into waterways. OTA	OTA	NOUN	responded	VERB	 responded
A year later, the road was established in federal law, and it was surveyed by the end of	of	ADP	1825	NUM	 1825
The filmmakers have clarified that the story is not officially or literally based on Smitha alone, but on many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
There, he read more of Darwin's work and was influenced by the ideas of science and society in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Production and filming were marred by internal disagreements between Eastwood and long time friend and producer Fritz Manes, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
On June 18, 2007, the Comcast Center was topped out. The ceremony, which was held in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The offensive took place from three directions with light and heavy artillery and a large number of tanks and trucks	trucks	NOUN	converging	VERB	 converging
He partnered Werner in the Mille Miglia and Le Mans endurance races in 1930; they finished sixth in the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
Spin had a similar sentiment: " Here, his three sidemen elevate [DeLonge's] emo tendencies to	to	ADP	something	PRON	 something
The 10th Brigade had been made subordinate to the 4th Infantry Brigade, although Kippenberger remained in command of the	the	DET	forward	ADJ	 forward
" Elsewhere, Michael Dawson (Harold Perrineau) gets bothered by his son Walt Lloyd (Malcolm David Kelley	Kelley	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
This is the approach used in the United Kingdom, in relation to decisions of the European Court of Human	Human	PROPN	Rights	PROPN	 Rights
" In February 2009, Columbia Records announced the launch of a " Single Ladies " Dance Video Contest.	.	PUNCT	Fans	NOUN	 Fans
US 410 was decommissioned after US 12 was extended over the majority of the highway in 1967, bypassing Olympia	Olympia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Harrison's wife Caroline began a critical struggle with tuberculosis earlier in 1892 and two weeks before the election,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
International varieties such as pizza, sushi, Chinese food, Greek food, Indian cuisine and doner kebab are	are	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Native Americans were also often at war with neighboring tribes and allied with Europeans in their colonial wars. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
The incident refreshed the public's memory of her past service and her economic woes. Representatives Clinton D. MacDougall	MacDougall	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Their Aston Villa reserves (or seconds) team enlisted in the army and were captured at the Dunkirk evacuation	evacuation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This reasoning has recently been challenged on the grounds that the deaths of poor and middle class people were not	not	PART	recorded	VERB	 recorded
By May, Japage 3 was defunct, although the three continued to see each other socially, and Lennon	Lennon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Additional research seeks ways to boost the test scores and academic achievement of students in negatively stereotyped groups. In	In	ADP	one	NUM	 one
For the villains ' cars, Lantieri selected a 1914 Ford Model T, a 1919 Ford Model T truck	truck	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In an attempt to evade their attack, he quickly accelerated but his engine flamed out. He maneuvered his	his	PRON	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
While Vonnegut does use these elements, e.g. fragmentation and metafictional elements, in some of his works, he	he	PRON	more	ADV	 more
From 9 to 25 January 2003, the Manitoba Theatre Centre, in Manitoba, Canada, held a nearly	nearly	ADV	month	NOUN	 month
Using this information, Overton would fly in a racetrack pattern between the MiGs landing zones and the sun,	,	PUNCT	preventing	VERB	 preventing
There is a specific value of Dr for which the loss is a minimum and this turns out to be	be	AUX	3.6	NUM	 3.6
In order to win the match, one team must put a member of the other team through a table	table	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By 25 September, the Jordanian army achieved dominance, and two days later Arafat and Hussein agreed to a	a	DET	ceasefire	NOUN	 ceasefire
The guiding principle behind all three is based on the statement of Goff, LJ, who stated in Collins	Collins	PROPN	v	ADP	 v
On April 24, after Kurt defeated Rockstar Spud in a match, EC3 attacked Angle but Willow made the	the	DET	save	NOUN	 save
Rivera instructed Ramírez to use his fastball more and save his changeup for key situations. Ramírez started the 2008	2008	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
But fundamentally, no, I don't think we're a show that will be doing a lot of	of	ADP	jumping	VERB	 jumping
Barges of up to 40 tons could reach Winsford, and boats called Weaver flats were the predominant vessels.	.	PUNCT	These	PRON	 These
He returned to military duty that autumn and went to Washington to await his next assignment. During this period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Author Reebee Garofalo agreed, and expressed the opinion that the line " We're saving our own lives	lives	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
As part of SPAB's campaign, Morris tried to build connections with art and antiquarian societies and the custodians	custodians	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When I put him in the first team, he never lets me down. I value Jerry's professionalism	professionalism	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1939, to escape the war and Nazi persecution of the Jews, Szigeti emigrated with his wife to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is believed that this substructure was in use at the same time as Olmec sculpture was being produced both	both	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
Governor Jones entered into a consent decree to ameliorate the situation, but his term expired before he could meaningfully	meaningfully	ADV	address	VERB	 address
Bottlenose dolphins have the second largest encephalization levels of any mammal on Earth (humans have the largest),	,	PUNCT	sharing	VERB	 sharing
Mistakenly believing that Jenova and he were Cetra, he was driven insane and destroyed Nibelheim as an act of	of	ADP	vengeance	NOUN	 vengeance
In 1957, the animation company Belvision Studios produced a string of colour adaptations based on Hergé's original comics	comics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" A memo submitted by the prosecution in February 2011 cited Guandique's harassment of female staff in prison,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
After he became an established actor and had changed his name to David, he was arrested, in 1967	1967	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The mansion, abandoned due to rising costs, was demolished in 1972, allowing Wallingford Castle to be declared	declared	VERB	a	DET	 a
The most critical period of the fighting in the east occurred when the NK 15th Division broke through the ROK	ROK	PROPN	8th	PROPN	 8th
Early in the film, the four man SEAL reconnaissance team is discovered by three goat herders — an elderly	elderly	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
More recently, the source code has been transcribed into a Spacewar! Java applet, and on the 40th	40th	ADJ	anniversary	NOUN	 anniversary
Police later found the abandoned car on Kingston Avenue, about four blocks from where the shooting occurred. Timoshenko	Timoshenko	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Despite this transition, the chapel still has a place in the continuing traditions of the university. Since 1876	1876	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park features Fort Walsh and the highest elevation of Saskatchewan. Cypress Hills is accessed just	just	ADV	62	NUM	 62
This phenomenon is known as an inversion and can cause mountaintops to be warmer than the valleys below. Inversions	Inversions	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
In the town of Nullagine, 120 residents were evacuated to the town's police station, as heavy rain	rain	NOUN	caused	VERB	 caused
But Brooks admits that it is very difficult to point to any specific contribution that he made to the reform	reform	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At that time Despot Michael had briefly captured from Serbia the city of Skadar, which is only about 20	20	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Needham asserts Shen had discovered the survey device known as Jacob's staff, which was not described elsewhere until	until	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" A welcome return " was how it was described by Robert Lloyd from the Los Angeles Times who asserted	asserted	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The monastery also serves as the mother house for the Woodside Priory School and the abbot serves as the spiritual	spiritual	ADJ	father	NOUN	 father
The Blue Devils were invited to play in the Belk Bowl in Charlotte, but lost to Big East Conference	Conference	PROPN	co	PROPN	 co
The release was accompanied by a trade advertisement that reflected the emotion conveyed in " Deep Blue ", of	of	ADP	someone	PRON	 someone
The first dose of vaccine should be given to infants between 6 and 15 weeks of age. The oral	oral	ADJ	cholera	NOUN	 cholera
Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force in 1916 for service in the	the	DET	First	PROPN	 First
Guilty Pleasure was eventually released in June 2009. Described by Tisdale as a " rocker and edgier " album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During one of the king's bouts of madness in 1788, George mistook a pillow for Octavius, who	who	PRON	by	ADP	 by
The second series also contained six episodes. " La Couchette " follows a group of passengers on a French	French	ADJ	sleeper	ADJ	 sleeper
The game also gained notoriety for the near drowning of Winnipeg's Buddy Tinsley, who was found face down	down	ADP	in	ADP	 in
Strang never claimed to be the king of Beaver Island itself, nor of any other geographical entity. Rather	Rather	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Returning to the challenge of the East Building of the US National Gallery, Pei worked to combine a modernist	modernist	ADJ	approach	NOUN	 approach
The Novellae, a collection of new laws issued during Justinian's reign, supplements the Corpus. As opposed	opposed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
During this period Erhard moved frequently to different parts of the US as dictated by the demands of the job	job	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The cut was the largest on the route, with a depth of 110 feet (34 m).	.	PUNCT	Reservoir	PROPN	 Reservoir
The process is chiefly intended to be an easy method of avoiding buildings... He is perfectly confident that he	he	PRON	will	AUX	 will
After this, Phoenix competed only sporadically for a few months, including a tag team match at WrestleMania XXVIII	XXVIII	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Brosnan officially announced he was stepping down in February 2004. At one point, producer Michael G. Wilson claimed	claimed	VERB	there	PRON	 there
He did not wish to repeat himself. Morell continued to act successfully on television throughout the decade, with	with	ADP	guest	NOUN	 guest
The last martyrs before Galerius's edict of toleration were executed on March 5 and 7. Then the executions	executions	NOUN	stopped	VERB	 stopped
The CM 10 (Chemistry and Metallurgy) group at Los Alamos also studied how the active material could be	be	AUX	chemically	ADV	 chemically
On 30 March at 16: 30 the torpedoes from MTB 74, which were on a delayed fuse setting	setting	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the US Open, Murray entered a Grand Slam tournament as defending champion for the first time, and	and	CCONJ	started	VERB	 started
Bird later recalled that he clashed with executives who wished to add characters, such as a sidekick dog,	,	PUNCT	set	VERB	 set
But after her father refused to let her appear in movies, a Japanese American (who could not speak	speak	VERB	any	DET	 any
Edward doted on his grandchildren, and indulged them, to the consternation of their governesses. However, there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
The album was recorded in July 1993 and released in December later that year. Quique is a predominantly instrumental	instrumental	ADJ	recording	NOUN	 recording
Shawn Sparks of Game Revolution similarly praised the improved graphics, noting that smooth frame rate and sharper graphics brought	brought	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Each time he asks, the answer is the same: " Yeezy taught me. ". Andy Gill	Gill	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He scored his first international goal in a 2 – 1 qualifying victory over Austria at Hampden Park, his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Examples of limited access programs include The Florida State University Film School, the College of Communication and Information,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Congress appointed a new president, Eduardo Duhalde, who completed the term of office of De la Rúa	Rúa	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Later court hearings and witness interviews did not include either " Mr. Lennon " or the " combat stance "	"	PUNCT	description	NOUN	 description
In this first appearance, Randy is identified only as the South Park geologist, and it is only in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Monson has received four honorary doctorate degrees, as well as the Boy Scouts of America's Silver Buffalo and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1976, TSR moved out of Gygax's house into its first professional home, known as " The	The	DET	Dungeon	PROPN	 Dungeon
It received mixed reviews from critics, and earning $64 million in the United States and $180 million	million	NUM	worldwide	ADV	 worldwide
On the other, he must try as best he can to put into concrete form what that will is	is	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
On February 2, 2013, the center hosted a celebration to commemorate the completion and grand opening of its	its	PRON	new	ADJ	 new
The movie was also broadcast four times, producing a total viewership of 14 million; it was placed on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jamaican dancehall singer Althea Hewitt released a reggae cover of " If I Were a Boy " to iTunes Stores	Stores	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The rest of the book follows the basic pattern of the earlier works, with chapters on soups, fish	fish	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These elements can be then identified simply based on their elution position / time, using α hydroxyisobutyrate solution (	(	PUNCT	α	PRON	α
Although Berlin initially wrote " Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning " without commercial intent	intent	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Burnett worked on Pausch's virtual reality team while at the University of Virginia, and Pausch helped Burnett to	to	PART	try	VERB	 try
There was no attempt at systematic attempt by the artillery to cut the wire; the leading units were to	to	PART	cut	VERB	 cut
" David Hinckley of The New York Daily News said that there were " a lot of former boyfriend gags	gags	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
During the first month of operations 16 stations were established, with positions set up along the Papuan coast as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
This mission is regarded as the first naval air operation in military history and was widely commented upon in the	the	DET	press	NOUN	 press
According to the friars, Our patron, St. Maximilian Kolbe, inspires us with his unique Mariology and apostolic	apostolic	ADJ	mission	NOUN	 mission
Olaniyan recorded 2.5 sacks and forced a fumble (that was recovered by DaQuan Jones), and this was	was	AUX	his	PRON	 his
The Folsom party followed the Yellowstone River to Yellowstone Lake. The members of the Folsom party kept a journal	journal	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The beliefs and rituals surrounding these gods formed the core of ancient Egyptian religion, which emerged sometime in prehistory	prehistory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The match was the first cup final to be broadcast on the radio by the BBC, as well as	as	ADP	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Simonds had arranged several methods for the columns to maintain direction, some vehicles were fitted with radio direction finders	finders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The duo also included elements of their tracks " Rock ' n Roll ", " Human After All "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Karl Marx: Did he get it all Right? by Philip Collins, The Times, 21 October 2008	2008	NUM	Karl	PROPN	 Karl
The two gates into the city, Mdina Gate and Greeks Gate, are located within the curtain walls of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The theory of general relativity predicts that a sufficiently compact mass can deform spacetime to form a black hole.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ordered by the Weimar government for the Reichsmarine, she was laid down at the Deutsche Werke shipyard in Kiel	Kiel	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Behind the patriarch's alcove is another chamber, the centre of which is a statue of the bodhisattva Ksitigarbha	Ksitigarbha	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Kampung Boy is an autobiography. Its author, Lat, grew up in a kampung and moved to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite this, President Lincoln was displeased with McClellan's failure to pursue Lee and replaced him with Maj.	.	PROPN	Gen.	PROPN	 Gen.
The titles are among the Top 20 rated DS games in the site's database. Japanese gaming magazine Famitsu	Famitsu	PROPN	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Two weeks later, Maryland was beaten by Clemson, which scored 21 points in the fourth quarter to win	win	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Also included as an enhanced element was the video for " High ". The album caused many critics to	to	PART	label	VERB	 label
Directly adjacent to the Student Union Building is the School of Music, home of the Texas Tech Goin '	'	PUNCT	Band	NOUN	 Band
Betty takes a job in a rival pub, and returns only when Annie apologises. Betty becomes close friends	friends	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" was officially released on Coldplay's website on 26 September 2008. It features a live performance of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The Siliwangi Division's long march was the subject of another film, Mereka Kembali (They Return) in	in	ADP	1972	NUM	 1972
Pygmy slow lorises are doing better, with 100 specimens reported from zoos worldwide in 2011. In North American	American	ADJ	zoos	NOUN	 zoos
" While Suleiman was campaigning in Hungary, Turkmen tribes in central Anatolia revolted under the leadership of Kalender Çelebi	Çelebi	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Although the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire caused a momentary setback to these plans, it actually sparked additional	additional	ADJ	fundraising	NOUN	 fundraising
After a six month evaluation, BK dropped Ayer in favor of a two way combination of D ' Arcy	Arcy	PROPN	Masius	PROPN	 Masius
The ejected material will contain the helium and carbon produced by the Sun's nuclear reactions, continuing the enrichment	enrichment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His young son came to the throne as James III, resulting in another minority, with Robert, Lord	Lord	PROPN	Boyd	PROPN	 Boyd
Some buildings on the street adjoining Quay Lane were demolished in 1892 and much of the entire street was intended	intended	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Writing for The New York Times, Ben Kenigsberg noted that the film " mines every chemical drip and gurgle	gurgle	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Robert Christgau, writing in The Village Voice, described the Strokes as " a great groove band ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Hokies never threatened to score again and Alabama won its opener, 34 – 24. Ingram led the	the	DET	Tide	PROPN	 Tide
Another major issue of concern was the language of liturgy: since the conversion of the Slavs by Cyril and	and	CCONJ	Methodius	PROPN	 Methodius
" She Shoulda Said ' No '! " was not well received critically upon its initial release, with	with	ADP	The	DET	 The
After the birth of her son, Aguilera stated in an interview with Ryan Seacrest that her forthcoming album would	would	AUX	include	VERB	 include
It is a 30 feet (9.1 m) by 24 feet (7.3 m) one and a half	half	NOUN	story	NOUN	 story
From October to December 1963, she made a tour of Tucumán, Bahía Blanca, Córdoba, Mendoza,	,	PUNCT	Rosario	PROPN	 Rosario
497 / 6 – winter 406 / 5 BC) is one of three ancient Greek tragedians whose plays have	have	AUX	survived	VERB	 survived
Some 355 copper alloys were proven to kill more than 99.9% of disease causing bacteria within just two hours	hours	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The decision making powers of the executive committee cover, in particular, the awarding of contracts or grants,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The tournament was the first to use a new format that required top 16 players to compete in qualifiers.	.	PUNCT	Between	ADP	 Between
By the mid 1860s a deep rift had developed between Irataba, who was proactive in cooperating with white settlers	settlers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By the end of the 2002 – 03 season he had become a vital member of the side that won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the 1920 version, Asta Nielsen played the role of Hamlet as a woman who spends her life disguised	disguised	VERB	as	ADP	 as
When the lake first opened there were four Woolf compound rotative beam pumping engines, housed in two separate buildings	buildings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ship was designed by the British Royal Navy Captain Cowper Coles and built by the Samuda Brothers shipyard in	in	ADP	Cubitt	PROPN	 Cubitt
National Rail services link the Altrincham and Navigation Road stations with Chester via Northwich, and with Manchester via Stockport	Stockport	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, others disagree that the similarity of form demonstrates cultural linkages — Karen Olsen Bruhns states that " this	this	DET	sort	NOUN	 sort
Afterwards, the fake Prem is shown being beaten by all the present ladies. Then, the real Prem	Prem	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The fate of the reconnaissance platoon was not immediately known to Croatian authorities or relatives of the troops for months	months	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although Time magazine named Rowling as a runner up for its 2007 Person of the Year award, noting the	the	DET	social	ADJ	 social
The trial ended on April 7, when the panel ruled that 351 of 387 disputed absentee ballots were incorrectly	incorrectly	ADV	rejected	VERB	 rejected
In the meantime, the Council deposed John XXIII on May 29, 1415 and elected Pope Martin V on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Filming of the scene was delayed by an avalanche; the crew helped in the rescue operation. The interior	interior	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
Other big name players, however, such as Gianluigi Buffon, Alessandro Del Piero, David Trezeguet and Pavel	Pavel	PROPN	Nedvěd	PROPN	 Nedvěd
Despite the book's billing as canonical when it was published, the show contradicts much of its information with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The development including a supermarket was delayed when the town council opposed a link road through part of the recreation	recreation	NOUN	ground	NOUN	 ground
En route, Scott and his guests enjoyed the finest meals that the Fred Harvey Company had to offer.	.	PUNCT	Menu	NOUN	 Menu
Writing for strings did not come easily to Poulenc; these sonatas were completed after two unsuccessful earlier attempts,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Other mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequence comparisons offer an alternative date range of 62 to 65 mya. An ancestral	ancestral	ADJ	lemur	ADJ	 lemur
Players such as Miles, Patterson, Randolph, and Sebastian Telfair were involved in either on court bickering or	or	CCONJ	off	ADP	 off
A number of smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included sixteen 75 mm (3.0	3.0	NUM	in	ADV	 in
Elizabeth Reaser portrayed recurring character and love interest for Alex Karev, Rebecca " Ava " Pope, a patient	patient	NOUN	suffering	NOUN	 suffering
They also attempted to climb the nearby mountain they called Pyramid Peak (later renamed Spantik, as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The gravel was bound with waste oil and with gates at each end. To allow traffic to operate as	as	ADP	usual	ADJ	 usual
On November 15, before the album's US release, Rihanna reprised her performance of " What's My	My	PRON	Name	NOUN	 Name
From the middle of the 1950s, Farmer featured in recordings by leading arrangers of the day, including George	George	PROPN	Russell	PROPN	 Russell
His main concern was that a Lambeth Conference – " perhaps the most fateful Lambeth Conference ever held " –	–	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
You're not trying. " When Johnson protested, Hassett continued " If you have got any brains,	,	PUNCT	you	PRON	 you
During the scene where Bart delivers a speech where he states he is " dumb as a post ",	,	PUNCT	Silverman	PROPN	 Silverman
The rules of national FIDE affiliates (such as the United States Chess Federation, or USCF) are based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
They would find a tortoise nesting site and hem it in with a fence while the tortoise is away.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
A point is earned if the bullet hits. Difficulty varieties adjust the speed of the pigeons. Two two	two	NUM	player	NOUN	 player
He had 10,590 feet (3,228 m) of irrigation pipes laid in 1799 from a nearby spring to provide	provide	VERB	water	NOUN	 water
He tied Ed Abbaticchio for seventh with 35 stolen bases. The Cubs returned to the World Series in 1907	1907	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Before principal photography began, Hallyday met his co stars, Anthony Wong, Lam Ka Tung, Simon Yam	Yam	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Judicial Watch filed a petition for a writ of certiorari in August 2013, seeking U.S. Supreme Court review,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The only single from The Singles 1992 – 2003 was a cover of the song " It's My Life	Life	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
To date, it has not been possible to combine quantum and gravitational effects into a single theory, although	although	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
During the MacWorld Expo keynote on January 6, 2009, Phil Schiller announced a 17 inch MacBook Pro with	with	ADP	unibody	ADJ	 unibody
Adam first appeared as Henry's appointed psychiatrist and convinced a patient that Henry could pass on his immortality.	.	PUNCT	Adam	PROPN	 Adam
Alison, newly reconciled to her past, remembers and draws a moment of perfect balance: playing " airplane	airplane	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Over its 100 year existence, it has been referenced in stories and songs, as well as having a	a	DET	music	NOUN	 music
Cyrus explained the dance required " semi coordinat [ion] ". Ann Donahue of Billboard said that she	she	PRON	discovered	VERB	 discovered
Governor Christine Todd Whitman named the rest area after Stern as payback for him granting Whitman airtime during her 1993	1993	NUM	gubernatorial	ADJ	 gubernatorial
In one of the parks, Red Rocks Park near Morrison, a CCC camp was established in 1935 as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
In combat, the B 70 was expected to simply fly right by the defenders. By the late 1950s	1950s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
One officer and four enlisted men were injured, but no one was killed. The Turks continued their bombardment	bombardment	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Another of his paintings is reproduced on the cover of the 1974 album Planet Waves. In 1994 Random House	House	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
Hand deployed his men in the trees where they were so well protected from view that the British could not	not	PART	see	VERB	 see
Wheeler earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins University under the supervision of Karl Herzfeld, and studied under Breit and	and	CCONJ	Bohr	PROPN	 Bohr
That year, Clancy led the Dolphins in receiving yardage and receptions, and finished eighth in the AFL in	in	ADP	reception	NOUN	 reception
Linley took up the post of Musical Director at the theatre, receiving a retainer of £500 per annum	annum	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens, while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal	gastrointestinal	ADJ	tract	NOUN	 tract
As a result, the USAAF dispatched a single photo reconnaissance B 29 to overfly much of Japan and Korea	Korea	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Rob Salem of Toronto Star said that " fans who have been complaining about this season ’ s relative complacency	complacency	NOUN	[	X	 [
Eggs are laid every one to two days. Eggs are quite variable, and thus which Australian corvid laid	laid	VERB	them	PRON	 them
As an adult, Pedro II would later remember that his " style of speaking was inelegant, and he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
On the insistence of Nandini, she follows Rahul and Anjali to London. Simone Singh as Rukhsaar, Sayeeda	Sayeeda	PROPN	's	PART	's
This technique was also used by Mahler's Danish contemporary Carl Nielsen. Mahler first employed the device in an	an	DET	early	ADJ	 early
By the day after Hurricane Lane made landfall, most of the evacuated people returned to their homes to begin	begin	VERB	the	DET	 the
" After the pilot aired, David Bianculli wrote in the Sunday Philadelphia Inquirer that " This sitcom will lose	lose	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" The soundtrack contains fifteen tracks, including seven original songs, four remixes, three instrumentals and an international	international	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
" Anitai further wrote that the " seriously sick " dance sequence in the video spans the history of late	late	ADJ	20th	ADJ	 20th
He has a special sensitivity about youth suicide, since his college roommate, a close and supportive friend of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Filthy Christians, who signed to Earache Records in 1989, introduced the style in Sweden, D.D.T. & Fear	Fear	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Because of its scarcity in Earth's crust, only a few hundred tonnes are produced annually, and given	given	VERB	its	PRON	 its
He was also National Finance Chairman for Pat Buchanan's 1992 presidential campaign, and later president of the National	National	PROPN	Conservative	PROPN	 Conservative
A 1903 report criticised the light, saying that the red flashes were only visible for half the distance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gerhard and his wife Karin were arrested in 1934, and spent the next two years in prison. Gerhard	Gerhard	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1921, Moore won a scholarship to study at the Royal College of Art in London, along with	with	ADP	Hepworth	PROPN	 Hepworth
Deckard and Rachael quickly leave the apartment block. Although Blade Runner is ostensibly an action film, it operates	operates	VERB	on	ADP	 on
His last four years in the service had been spent as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate	Senate	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In particular, the film sparked a verbal war between Jalen Rose and Duke University's Grant Hill through the	the	DET	media	NOUN	 media
Chester had come under siege during December 1644, with a loose blockade or " leager " formed around the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
The episode became the highest rated cable program of the day, obtaining significantly higher ratings than Kourtney and Kim	Kim	PROPN	Take	VERB	 Take
He bequeathed the property to the university, which now uses it as the official residence of its President.	.	PUNCT	Architecturally	ADV	 Architecturally
Microscopically, the mushroom is distinguished by its large spores, typically 60 – 80 by 15 – 18 µm	µm	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harrison then designed Denbighshire Infirmary in North Wales, built between 1810 and 1813, and in about 1820 he	he	PRON	made	VERB	 made
The Normans, attempting to drive the rebels back, set fire to some of the city's houses.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The title track to her debut, " Animal ", is more aspirational and is intended to inspire people	people	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Williams and Campbell each won the Heisman Trophy in their senior seasons. With Charles ' departure, quarterback Colt	Colt	PROPN	McCoy	PROPN	 McCoy
Ganoga Lake and its surroundings have a variety of insects and animals. Butterflies in the region are studied by	by	ADP	lepidopterists	NOUN	 lepidopterists
It makes no lasting contributions to world cinema, but if two and a half hours of disposable entertainment are	are	AUX	all	PRON	 all
There were a few notable names on the replacement roster. Former Bandits quarterback and Florida Gators standout John Reaves	Reaves	PROPN	started	VERB	 started
Attack on Titan was the second highest selling manga series of 2013, with 15,933,801 copies sold in a single	single	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
He finished three points behind brother Doug, who won the scoring title. Max tied an NHL record by	by	ADP	scoring	VERB	 scoring
When William Sparrow Simpson was appointed Succentor, the raising of standards continued, and St Paul's Cathedral became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
It also carried only nine 16 inch guns, in three triple turrets. " C " was similar but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
All malware was blocked by the firewall. PC Magazine testing reflected the same results. The firewall also stealthed	stealthed	VERB	all	DET	 all
It is owned and operated by the state owned Avinor and handled 9,889 passengers in 2014. Services are provided	provided	VERB	by	ADP	 by
PS4 users will, in the future, be able to browse titles and stream games via Gaikai to demo	demo	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Pugilism was regarded as humane and fair and its practice was presented in chivalrous terms. It was also a	a	DET	symbol	NOUN	 symbol
Various family members would accompany her, living in the comfortable two story house she modestly called a " cottage	cottage	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
By March 2013, two sections of the antenna had been installed. The spire's completion was scheduled for	for	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
He was, however, named the offensive scout team player of the week for his performance in the practices	practices	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Before St. Clare can follow through on his pledge, however, he dies after being stabbed outside of a	a	DET	tavern	NOUN	 tavern
In 1996 and 1997, Anderson won for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series. In	In	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
The next phase of the battle saw more massed Viet Minh assaults against French positions in the central Điện Biên	Biên	PROPN	Phủ	PROPN	 Phủ
Already successfully operating a pair of London movie parlors with Edison Kinetoscopes, they commissioned English inventor and manufacturer Robert	Robert	PROPN	W.	PROPN	 W.
Paul Haggis ' main contribution was to rewrite the climax of the film. He explained, " the draft	draft	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Its primary campus is located on a 1,391.54 acre (5.631 km2) campus in Tallahassee, Florida, United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Xenophon adopts a similarly hostile attitude in the early parts of his work, but apparently had a change of	of	ADP	heart	NOUN	 heart
The lumber industry led to the clearcutting of the area in the 19th century. The state forest was started	started	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In November, Skyways was taken over by Euravia, excluding Skyways Coach Air which remained a separate company.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Some prominent musicians with origins in Enugu include Sonny Okosun, an afrobeat musician who was born and raised in	in	ADP	Enugu	PROPN	 Enugu
The demon attacks twice more in later missions, and is eventually revealed to be Dante's identical twin brother	brother	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
U 38 traveled to the U boat base in Bergen, Norway on 21 November. She would later depart	depart	VERB	Bergen	PROPN	 Bergen
During his sentencing on the charges, a circuit judge told Clemmons that he had broken his mother's heart	heart	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During this time in the 18th century, there was a frenzy of vampire sightings in Transylvania, with frequent	frequent	ADJ	stakings	NOUN	 stakings
Women also limit who they divulge their sexual identities to, and more often see being lesbian as a choice	choice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After Hugh's store failed, the family moved to Hay Bay (south of Napanee, Ontario),	,	PUNCT	west	NOUN	 west
Shatner, Nimoy, and Kelley's salaries were cut with the understanding that they would share in box office	office	NOUN	profits	NOUN	 profits
Xbox World Australia gave the game 90 / 100, saying " Devil May Cry 4 is everything a hack	hack	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Innes was given command of a company of North Carolina's provincial soldiers during the War of Jenkins ' Ear	Ear	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Whether Penda immediately succeeded Cearl is unknown, and it is also unclear whether they were related, and if	if	SCONJ	so	ADV	 so
He recalled of his and McCartney's relationship: " Paul and I used to hang about quite a bit	bit	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Falco peregrinus furuitii, described by Momiyama in 1927, is found on the Izu and Ogasawara Islands south of	of	ADP	Honshū	PROPN	 Honshū
The setting contains numerous characters, an extensive timeline, and a detailed geography. Dragonlance is set on the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Paramount did not want to own the unsuccessful show; net profit was to be shared between Norway, Desilu	Desilu	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
It also spent four weeks in the German Albums Chart, peaking at number fifty nine. Live at Wembley	Wembley	PROPN	peaked	VERB	 peaked
At the beginning of the 2008 – 09 season, Neuner had a substantial drop in her skiing times due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The anti aircraft artillery were equipped with the Swedish designed Bofors 40 mm gun, which was manufactured in Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These patrols continued in the same manner for most of the rest of the year. Milwaukee, commanded by	by	ADP	Captain	PROPN	 Captain
Turing proved that if an algorithm can be written to solve a mathematical problem, then a Turing machine can	can	AUX	execute	VERB	 execute
This was particularly embodied by a scene in which the murdered tourist's husband becomes angry after overhearing detectives talk	talk	VERB	about	ADP	 about
The Australians struggled in a drawn game against Sussex for whom George Wyatt and Henry Phillips both scored centuries.	.	PUNCT	Spofforth	PROPN	 Spofforth
While Miller was a reluctant bowler, Bradman used him heavily because of his desire to have every possible spin	spin	NOUN	option	NOUN	 option
He holds the title of the US Olympic competitor who has competed in the greatest number of Olympics, winning	winning	VERB	two	NUM	 two
The 25 mm guns would have been controlled by two Type 95 directors mounted on the bridge. Early warning	warning	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
On 8 September 1588 at Blois, where the court had assembled for a meeting of the Estates, Henry	Henry	PROPN	dismissed	VERB	 dismissed
The ship was protected by an armored belt that was 240 mm (9.4 in) thick amidships, and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
After struggling all the time, had expended nine hours, for all this without leaving any patients. Tatsuguchi	Tatsuguchi	PROPN	refers	VERB	 refers
Despite the ferocity of the accident, 185 (62.5%) passengers and crew survived owing to a variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It became a village in 1847 and a city in 1854. In the latter year, a watch company	company	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At a rally at Shivaji Park, he said, " That north Indians are living in Mumbai is because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
He was instrumental in establishing four mathas at Sringeri, Dwarka, Puri and Jyotirmath. Melpathur Narayana Bhattathiri was	was	AUX	another	DET	 another
In March 2016, Valve introduced the " Custom Game Pass " option to custom game modes, which allows	allows	VERB	content	ADJ	 content
Although Lennon would lament this period publicly, he did not do so in private. Journalist Larry Kane,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The most popular societies include University College Boat Club (UCBC), Castle Theatre Company, Castle Football Club	Club	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Welshie is killed in a show of force to force their obedience. While Melllvar forces the cast to perform	perform	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The remaining housewives joined in later seasons; Burruss in the second, Bailey and Parks in the third,	,	PUNCT	Moore	PROPN	 Moore
A little more than 13,000 years ago, a sequence of nine tephra eruptions occurred within a period of less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The material for Band of Gypsys was recorded over two consecutive nights at the Fillmore East. The group was	was	AUX	scheduled	VERB	 scheduled
The warriors retreated to Prophetstown where, according to one chief's account, the warriors confronted Tenskwatawa and accused	accused	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The freeway was constructed in stages from the 1960s to the 1980s, with the first segment — between I	I	PRON	490	NUM	 490
Few of the Mexican ladders reached the walls. The few soldiers who were able to climb the ladders were	were	AUX	quickly	ADV	 quickly
" In 1821 Michel Étienne Descourtilz reported that the wood was used for snuff boxes and tobacco cases, that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Centre is open to the public every day of the year except Christmas Day, and also houses an	an	DET	Education	PROPN	 Education
Minaj's vocals in " Yasss Bish " have been described as " melodic " with a " fierce "	"	PUNCT	message	NOUN	 message
Near the end of May, the group received the awards for Best Pop Video and Best New Artist from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
She also claimed that the estate of Orson Welles was owed 20% of the film's profits if her	her	PRON	copyright	NOUN	 copyright
Adlai Stevenson II, a 1922 graduate of Princeton: in a dedicated stained glass window near the vestry.	.	PUNCT	John	PROPN	 John
They traded this intelligence information from wiretaps conversations and informants ' tips. Treviño Morales was apprehended by the Mexican	Mexican	PROPN	Marines	PROPN	 Marines
" Lyrically, " Iconic " talks about taking control of your life and letting your inner fire burn and	and	CCONJ	encourages	VERB	 encourages
He was funny. Very funny and we laughed the whole time. " Kravitz added, " He was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
As its founder had died before the vital task of collecting the endowment was complete, the abbey started its	its	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
Fast was the fifth of six players the Rangers drafted in 2010, along with Dylan McIlrath, Christian Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Threats to migratory birds have grown with habitat destruction especially of stopover and wintering sites, as well as structures	structures	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
In the proceedings of a conference on von Neumann's growth model, Paul Samuelson said that many mathematicians had	had	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
While the Progress Party dropped out of parliament altogether in 1977, it returned in the following 1981 parliamentary election	election	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Over the following two to three years, the capacity of the plant will be raised to 30 MW,	,	PUNCT	allowing	VERB	 allowing
The exchange of fire did little damage to either side, although it did damage houses and kill some British	British	ADJ	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
The hypocenter depth ranged from 3.1 miles (5.0 km) to 8.2 miles (13.2 km). In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
To avoid further wear of stairs ' stones, since November 2014, two main sections of Borobudur stairs —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Throughout the engagement, Brownell established and maintained communications between the battery and firing line, despite fatigue or personal	personal	ADJ	risk	NOUN	 risk
Michael does not know which " reality " is real; he has therapy sessions with Dr. Jonathan Lee in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Having captured the house, it was made his temporary headquarters. It later received a direct hit from artillery	artillery	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
While commenting on the formal Committee Draft for C + + 0x, the Japanese ISO member body noted that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In the third stage, four cyclists (Julien Gabory, Henri Gauban, Gaston Tuvache and Maurice Carrere)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
It served in an combined anti submarine and anti ship role, carrying the Exocet missile as an alternative to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
As part of the approval process, the council passed a measure that raised the height limit on structures at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Northern Song census recorded a population of roughly 50 million, much like the Han and Tang dynasties.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
However, the locomotive proved unreliable, so Sydvaranger decided to order new locomotives. The electric traction was taken	taken	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Mackin and Sangaré signed new contracts. York's summer signings were goalkeeper David Knight on a season long loan	loan	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The western jackdaw is one of a very small number of birds that it is legal to use as a	a	DET	decoy	NOUN	 decoy
There are recurring themes that appear throughout the story. A music theme is present, as the episode titles	titles	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" Other commentators discussed the more complex psychological causes of Brandon's murder. Halberstam commented on the complicated causes	causes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It can constitute as much as 50% of a whales body weight. Calves are born with only a	a	DET	thin	ADJ	 thin
The Byzantines held off the arrow attacks and captured Alp Arslan's camp by the end of the afternoon.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Factor V Leiden, which makes factor V resistant to inactivation by activated protein C, and the genetic variant	variant	NOUN	prothrombin	NOUN	 prothrombin
Charge is possessed not just by matter, but also by antimatter, each antiparticle bearing an equal and opposite	opposite	ADJ	charge	NOUN	 charge
Most progenitors of type II supernovae are not detected and must be considerably fainter, and presumably less massive.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Oklahoma State Trooper Charlie Hanger stopped McVeigh for driving his yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis without a license plate, and	and	CCONJ	arrested	VERB	 arrested
1015 – Zirc, before 6 December 1060) was King of Hungary from 1046 to 1060. He descended	descended	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The spring of 1924 saw Nos. A815 and A825 transferred to the former LSWR mainline between Waterloo and Guildford	Guildford	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
While variation based on climate is not unusual for different wide ranging palearctic species, the higher clutch size of	of	ADP	western	ADJ	 western
On 6 August, Falangist soldiers near Guadarrama murdered club president Josep Sunyol, a representative of the pro independence	independence	NOUN	political	ADJ	 political
Ketèlbey was financially successful enough to leave Columbia Records in 1926 to spend more time composing, although he continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
On 17 October, perhaps realizing they contaminated their rooms, they prematurely checked out and moved to another hotel	hotel	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He published some conventional stories in the British magazines, but over the next few years Ballard's more traditional	traditional	ADJ	science	NOUN	 science
In 2015 she told Howard Stern that she had overheard a mother saying that to a child in a supermarket	supermarket	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
In 2005, the band re released Believe in a new package with a DVD containing footage taken from concerts	concerts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Nationalists returned to focus on the capture of northern Spain. German test aircraft, with the latest models	models	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following Attack of the Clones, the third and final film of the prequel trilogy, Star Wars: Episode	Episode	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
Musically, " Speechless " is a rock power ballad with influences of 1970s rock, blues rock, glam	glam	PROPN	rock	VERB	 rock
The number of new cases each year has decreased since 2000. About 80% of people in many Asian	Asian	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Nevertheless, Dave invites her to come and hear him play the song at the Gramercy Theatre that weekend so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Naya, being a partial expression of truth, enables us to comprehend reality part by part. The third	third	ADJ	main	ADJ	 main
The cladogram accompanying the study is shown below: Newton's parakeet was about 40 cm (16 in)	)	PUNCT	long	ADV	 long
M 3 returned to existence in 1973, when US 25, now concurrent with I 94 and I 75	75	NUM	for	ADP	 for
The areas were subsequently named SAO Krajina and, after declaring its intention to integrate with Serbia, the Government	Government	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The highway was 0.8 miles (1.3 km) long and served as a connector between NY 17 and the	the	DET	Red	PROPN	 Red
It is also noticed that the metamorphosis of graphemes (This might be designated as " Archewriting ") as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
A reviewer for the Baltimore Minerva and Emerald asked, " Has the poet been struck dumb with palsy?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In an interview leading up to the race, part time Ligier driver Martin Brundle said: Damon has to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
Additionally, Hezbollah claims that three Lebanese prisoners are being held in Israel. Finally, Hezbollah consider Israel to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
She researched the life of William the Conqueror thoroughly, even travelling the route that William took when crossing into	into	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
In 1922, the Great Barrier Reef Committee began carrying out much of the early research on the reef.	.	PUNCT	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
" Tom Kessenich, in his book Examinations: An Unauthorized Look at Season 6 – 9 of The X	X	PROPN	Files	PROPN	 Files
It is a source of irritation to historians that Shakespeare ’ s influence on the perception of the later medieval	medieval	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
TfGM intend to proceed to the identification of potential rail industry funding options, subject to a review of lessons	lessons	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The Second Division championship shield was presented to the club at a meeting of the Football League held at the	the	DET	Colonnade	PROPN	 Colonnade
On 15 July, Lafayette was acclaimed commander in chief of the National Guard of France, an armed force	force	NOUN	established	VERB	 established
" is the twelfth broadcast episode of the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. The episode sees stepbrothers Phineas	Phineas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Meelz of ThisGoesIn concluded that " Numb " is a single quality track, " which we can see	see	VERB	seeping	VERB	 seeping
Additionally, the storm brought light precipitation to some areas of both states. As the storm traveled parallel to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cavalry was provided by the Persians, Bactrians, Medes, Cissians and Saka; most of these probably fought	fought	VERB	as	ADP	 as
They were allowed to return after 1856. During their period of exile, rivalry between the various factions became	became	VERB	obvious	ADJ	 obvious
The DVD release, which was distributed by Eros Entertainment, is available in 16: 9 Anamorphic widescreen,	,	PUNCT	Dolby	PROPN	 Dolby
On using Lennertz's theme, McCreary said, " I was excited for the opportunity to incorporate his music	music	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The movie stumbles along most of the way. It's hard to remember Moore is playing Bond at times	times	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
After moving northeastward, it turned to the northwest, threatening the northeastern United States as an intensifying subtropical storm	storm	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Indian troops secured Jammu, Srinagar and the valley itself during the First Kashmir War, but the intense fighting	fighting	NOUN	flagged	VERB	 flagged
In Dominican Republic, the Civil Defense Force reported that severe flooding in the northern portions of that country caused	caused	VERB	the	DET	 the
The trial proved successful and Bazeley undertook to use funds originally designated to buy aggregate to purchase in excess of	of	ADP	£	SYM	 £
Their activism resulted in the Hunting Wild Horses and Burros on Public Lands Act in 1959. However, the	the	DET	1959	NUM	 1959
One form of art particularly apt for Baroque purposes was the theater. Various theatrical shows were most often staged	staged	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The following morning the inhabitants attacked the Spanish party but were defeated. The Spanish then continued to Ake,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Punch sponsored a sculling prize and though this event did not attract any international entrants, Rush, Trickett and	and	CCONJ	Laycock	PROPN	 Laycock
In payment, she promises to hand the Solex over to him at a Muay Thai venue the next day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To facilitate the positive identification of the substance, FTIR instruments are loaded with databases that can be searched for	for	ADP	known	VERB	 known
" Age of Empires III was the eighth best selling PC game of 2005 despite its late release, and	and	CCONJ	sold	VERB	 sold
Herbst was by this time divorced from his first wife. Upon his arrival in the CBI Theater, Herbst	Herbst	PROPN	acquired	VERB	 acquired
The Armenian king himself had an opportunity to display his ability as a marksman by shooting an arrow through the	the	DET	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
Some hypergolic rocket propellants, such as hydrazine, are highly toxic prior to combustion, but decompose into less	less	ADV	toxic	ADJ	 toxic
Krypton fluoride also makes a useful laser. From 1960 to 1983, the official length of a meter was	was	AUX	defined	VERB	 defined
Charles I, who ruled from 1331 to 1357, and was the son of François Grimaldi's cousin Rainier	Rainier	PROPN	I	PROPN	 I
The last definite account of the " solitaire " of Réunion was Feuilley's from 1708, indicating that the	the	DET	species	NOUN	 species
" Mike Chang's first major storyline was the most widely praised of the episode. West said Shum "	"	PUNCT	really	ADV	 really
In the 10th century, the Bishop of Worcester leased out various small estates attached to the Church in the	the	DET	three	NUM	 three
Apu decides to take advantage of this unusual situation for financial gain. The convenience store becomes more profitable as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
While on the same day 9 Platoon, C Company, 2 RAR / NZ also assaulted and occupied a	a	DET	camp	NOUN	 camp
Upon landing, boulderers employ falling techniques similar to those used in gymnastics: spreading the impact across the entire	entire	ADJ	body	NOUN	 body
The aircraft plant attacked on 27 November and 3 December was only lightly damaged as high winds and clouds prevented	prevented	VERB	accurate	ADJ	 accurate
It generally grows as a dense shrub up to 2 m (7 ft) tall, has serrated leaves	leaves	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the second act, he deals with being fired. The firing was at the hands of the son	son	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kurt and Blaine attend a party hosted by New Directions co captain Rachel Berry (Lea Michele). The	The	DET	attendees	NOUN	 attendees
You may remember me from such nature films as Earwigs: Eww! and Man vs. Nature: The Road	Road	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
One of the scouts who saw Tracy in The Last Mile was director John Ford. Ford wanted Tracy for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1985, the BBC arts series Arena included a documentary about the road. The road is mentioned in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Norfolk Dolls won the new World Association of Women's Wrestling (WAWW) Tag Team Title in June	June	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
So when people come out they ’ re probably still gonna be a bit surprised to see it live	live	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Sarah Stegall, in The Munchkyn Zone, wrote positively of the entry and gave it a 5 out of	of	ADP	5	NUM	 5
This was completed on 26 May and Brilliant escorted the light cruiser Jamaica with King George VI aboard as he	he	PRON	visited	VERB	 visited
Dell " sought arbitration to enforce the agreement, claiming that Falk ' unilaterally ' had rewritten clients ' third	third	ADJ	party	NOUN	 party
Isle of Man is the least successful nation, having only won once in 2014. The current winners,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Shortly after Christmas, as the insurgents were gearing up for their final offensive, Sihanouk spoke with the French	French	ADJ	diplomat	NOUN	 diplomat
All representatives on the Committee are appointed by the metropolitan mayor and the Council, with the mayor — or	or	CCONJ	someone	PRON	 someone
It premiered on November 1, 2003, on Japan's NHK BS Hi Vision satellite service. Twenty episodes	episodes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A series of mileposts made in cast iron appear on the stretch of road between Aylesford and Addington; at	at	ADP	Ditton	PROPN	 Ditton
Hannah's " distinguished service " during the conflict was recognised with his appointment as a Companion of the Order	Order	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mary Mac's Tea Room and Paschal's are more formal destinations for Southern food. Atlanta is home to	to	ADP	professional	ADJ	 professional
A game based reality show for children, which was aired between 2003 2004, was titled " O Podu	Podu	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
McGary debuted with the Thunder on December 14 with 4 rebounds and 3 points in 7: 15 of play	play	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Unlike nitrous oxide (N2O), xenon is not a greenhouse gas and so it is also viewed as	as	ADP	environmentally	ADV	 environmentally
This immunity was further extended in later cases. The courts began to turn against this position in the 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The storm made landfall on December 11 on the eastern tip of the Dominican Republic. Later that evening,	,	PUNCT	Olga	PROPN	 Olga
The score of Wicked is heavily thematic, bearing in some senses more resemblance to a film score than a	a	DET	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
LACM 33542 comprised a large partial hindlimb (" a third larger than described specimens of T. neglectus and Parksosaurus	Parksosaurus	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Even though earthquake swarms can be dangerous, scientists are able to model such events to analyze their structure.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Although lesbian feminism was a significant shift, not all lesbians agreed with it. Lesbian feminism was a youth	youth	NOUN	oriented	VERB	 oriented
In 1949, Stackpole moved to Chauriat in the Puy de Dôme area of central France, returning with his	his	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
In the nave south wall are two early 19th century windows set in square frames, one single light and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
Clippard was named FSL pitcher of the week for the week of July 10 through 17. For the season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His fourth album, Security (1982) — also released in German as the Deutsches Album (1982)	)	PUNCT	—	PUNCT	 —
However, remains of C. spelea are larger than any living C. ferox. Goodman and colleagues found that skull	skull	NOUN	measurements	NOUN	 measurements
The Enforcers and Inspectors start hunting Makishima, who aims to destroy the society created by the Sibyl System.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
This was the only German armoured division having just two tank battalions, one understrength, in its single tank	tank	NOUN	regiment	NOUN	 regiment
A Spanish study showed that northern pintail and common pochard were the species with the highest levels of lead shot	shot	NOUN	ingestion	NOUN	 ingestion
Upon his return he was promoted to full professor at the university in February 1987, but he resigned in	in	ADP	1988	NUM	 1988
One lap later, Valtteri Bottas became the first of the front runners to pit, putting on the medium	medium	ADJ	compound	NOUN	 compound
" After watching the first three episodes, Aaron Riccio of Slant Magazine also praised the new season, writing	writing	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The ovens found in the corners of the room suggest the room was an octagonal shape internally: similar to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Secretary Delano had allowed " Indian Attorneys " who were paid by Native American tribes $8.00 a day plus	plus	CCONJ	food	NOUN	 food
By that time, Cooper had already written the outline of " Small Victories " as the season 4 opener	opener	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the early 1990s, Azaria was in a relationship with the actress Julie Warner. His relationship with actress	actress	NOUN	Helen	PROPN	 Helen
In reaction to the McCarthyite red baiting of scientists, he expressed disdain that Science, that was going to	to	PART	save	VERB	 save
In 1995, a new single for the Angus soundtrack was released, entitled " J.A.R. ". The single	single	ADJ	debuted	VERB	 debuted
Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club wrote that on the song, Sia " manage [s] to keep	keep	VERB	[	X	 [
In Houston, 13 teenagers were arrested after successfully throwing a party and causing up to $100,000 of damage	damage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Walls reformed the all white Rhodesian Light Infantry (RLI) into a commando battalion similar to the SAS during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Peeresses use equivalent designs, but in the form of a circlet, which encircles the head, rather than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
Defended by Thomas Erskine and Lloyd Kenyon, Gordon was accidentally assisted by the Attorney General, James Wallace,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Aside from Captain Mends on Arethusa, casualties were severe on both sides. Amethyst had eight killed and 37	37	NUM	wounded	VERB	 wounded
The nursing schools were required to compress the traditional nursing program of 36 months to 30 months. Of the	the	DET	1,300	NUM	 1,300
Tequila and Alan manage to kill their attackers just before Wong arrives, which allows Alan to keep his cover	cover	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Ken also chooses not to mention Martha to Deirdre; Roache believed that she would be angry if she	she	PRON	found	VERB	 found
Chinautla Viejo was attacked by the invading Spanish in 1525; the first two attacks against the heavily fortified city	city	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In one last attempt to derail the legislation in debate, Federalists argued that the judiciary would strike down the	the	DET	repeal	NOUN	 repeal
Fearing continued loss of political strength as poor economic times continued, Macdonald planned to hold an election by the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
It runs 53.80 mi (86.58 km) from an interchange with the Delaware Memorial Bridge extension of the New	New	PROPN	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
The Chinese forces lacked the ability to lay siege to the city, so the evacuation order caught Peng by	by	ADP	surprise	NOUN	 surprise
" From beneath the sheltering arm of God, Eve looks out, a little apprehensively. The " glory	glory	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
From 1979 to 2000, on average there were fewer than 10 days per winter in which snow fell in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The route continues further, passing through a lumber yard, where it turns southward and further southeastward into the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
Great Britain received the remainder of France's North American territories, and Spain exchanged some of their holdings in	in	ADP	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Unbeknownst to them, the person who saved Homer was Maggie, who fires at the mobsters from her window	window	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The Smiths entered Matrix Studios in London on September 1983 to record a second studio version of the song for	for	ADP	release	NOUN	 release
The plans, made public in late June 1960, called for a World Trade Center to be built on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
For example, the Due Process Clause is also the foundation of a constitutional right to privacy. The Court	Court	PROPN	first	ADV	 first
The PlayStation 3 version received critical acclaim. IGN gave the game an " Editor's Choice " Award,	,	PUNCT	praised	VERB	 praised
In June 2009, she offered to settle the suit for $308,000, the land her family lives on	on	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Hager started wrestling at the age of five. He wrestled in high school with Danny Hodge's grandson and	and	CCONJ	remains	VERB	 remains
This was first done to honor three former Hopkins players who were killed in action during the First World War	War	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After the original harbours, dating from the 14th and 18th centuries, were replaced in 1839 with a larger	larger	ADJ	harbour	NOUN	 harbour
West Carnifax was one of the West boats, a series of steel hulled cargo ships built for the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
First collected in 2005, it was described and named in 2010 by Fernando Esteve Raventós and Gabriel Moreno,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Literary critic Mark Caldwell said the fact that Kenny survived the episode demonstrates the episode's " strong, albeit	albeit	SCONJ	dutifully	ADV	 dutifully
" The conditions were that the Commission would fund no more than half of the project, with the remaining	remaining	VERB	balance	NOUN	 balance
In response, he ordered that Persian influence was to be used to check and constrain the rising power and	and	CCONJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
With the army revitalized, Saint Just returned briefly to Paris where his success was applauded. However, there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
Palpatine being Chancellor before becoming Emperor mirrors Adolf Hitler's role as Chancellor before appointing himself Dictator. The Great	Great	PROPN	Jedi	PROPN	 Jedi
Ventral to the visceral mass, the body cavity is occupied by a huge esophageal gland, which extends to	to	PART	fill	VERB	 fill
It was only unearthed in the middle of the 19th century, when it was dedicated to Saint Demetrius.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In the second 75 second clip, Toby calls a workplace bullying meeting and the office discussing how Andy has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Therefore, the status of the proposal to link Minneapolis – Saint Paul with Chicago via Iowa is unknown.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It was a low scoring series, and Morris placed third in the Australian Test averages and aggregates, behind	behind	ADP	Hassett	PROPN	 Hassett
While there was a substantial formalist reaction within the modernist schools to the breakdown of structure, this reaction focused	focused	VERB	as	ADV	 as
Vio, a 30 year old native of Fiume, was a first time submarine commander. Vio and U	U	PROPN	32	NUM	 32
The boundaries of the ethnic dioceses overlap those of certain geographic ones. These dioceses are the result of smaller	smaller	ADJ	ethnic	ADJ	 ethnic
In 1853 William D. Brown had the first vision for the city, leading him to found the Lone Tree	Tree	PROPN	Ferry	PROPN	 Ferry
Special hardware, such as Romantic Robot's Multiface, was able to dump a copy of the ZX Spectrum	Spectrum	PROPN	RAM	PROPN	 RAM
His advertisements with Vidya Balan for Airtel won critical acclaim, and brought in film offers for the pair to	to	PART	feature	VERB	 feature
F / Os H. Connelly and J. Hunt had gone up together to practice circuits and landings. As they	they	PRON	made	VERB	 made
Students at participating schools are also allowed " in house " borrowing privileges at other schools ' libraries. The	The	DET	BTAA	PROPN	 BTAA
In early July 2006, Cartoon Network began running a teaser promo during its Adult Swim lineup. A later	later	ADJ	press	NOUN	 press
" Craig Jenkins of Pitchfork Media gave this song the tag of " Best New Track " and stated,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Frequent volcanism within the last 10,000 years created complexes from Mount Garibaldi in British Columbia to north California's Lassen	Lassen	PROPN	Peak	PROPN	 Peak
For 2016, India ranked 130th in Ease of Doing Business Index, which is setback as compared with China	China	PROPN	84th	NOUN	 84th
In 1994, David was chosen to join the Penang state squash team for the Malaysian Games (SUKMA)	)	PUNCT	tournament	NOUN	 tournament
The soft compounds were denoted by a green stripe on their side walls; the wet compound tyres were identified	identified	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The black winged subspecies is seldom seen in groups larger than four or five, while the clinking currawong may	may	AUX	form	VERB	 form
It is recorded as being one of only five castles in Scotland held by the Scots at this time.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In contrast, non magnetized planets have only small magnetospheres induced by interaction of the ionosphere with the solar wind	wind	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He received a partial Samoan pe ' a tattoo in 2003. In 2006, Johnson founded the Dwayne Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
Four days later, Calabria and the gunboat Volturno attacked a quarantine station near Perim. In early 1912,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hela was 104.6 meters (343 ft 2 in) long at the waterline and 105 m (344 ft	ft	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
Tromsø originally planned to build their own track, but later in the bidding process also Tromsø announced that they	they	PRON	intended	VERB	 intended
He told her that if she refused him, he would be forced to resume his sexual relationship with his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Two missed field goals and a fired up Sooner defense held the Red Raiders off, however, and the	the	DET	Sooners	PROPN	 Sooners
This was the second Gold rating given to a city hall in the U.S. after Seattle ’ s city hall	hall	NOUN	earned	VERB	 earned
The adventure comedy was one of the biggest failures of her career — the screenwriter James Prideaux, who worked	worked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The bow has been cut off by the scuttling charges detonated by the ship's crew, and sits upright	upright	ADV	on	ADP	 on
She scored several hits on the fleeing Ottoman ships before breaking off the chase. Psara and her sisters were	were	AUX	too	ADV	 too
Under the latter, Condon rewrote his Ph.D. thesis using quantum mechanics, creating the Franck – Condon principle.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Two weeks later, he broke his career highs for both yards and receptions in a nine catch 134 yard	yard	NOUN	effort	NOUN	 effort
The Giro started off in Bologna on 22 May with a short 86 km (53.4 mi) stage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Rococo provided a brief but significant interlude in Norway, appearing primarily in the decorative arts, and mainly in	in	ADP	interiors	NOUN	 interiors
This border had minor modifications in 1947 when all borders of the former Yugoslav constituent republics were defined by demarcation	demarcation	NOUN	commissions	NOUN	 commissions
On July 7, 2005, while he was finishing the paper describing the discovery, Brown's daughter Lilah	Lilah	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
A team of archaeologists was present to examine and document the Atari material unearthed by excavation machinery: Andrew Reinhard	Reinhard	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Thome missed a significant portion of the first half of the Phillies ' 2005 season due to injury; he	he	PRON	compiled	VERB	 compiled
The case would become the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision of Pennoyer v. Neff that helped define the law of	of	ADP	personal	ADJ	 personal
" Music writer Andrew Lamb notes, " The success of H.M.S. Pinafore in 1879 established British comic opera alongside	alongside	ADP	French	ADJ	 French
There were 13 songs recorded for the album, but only 11 appear on the album. In May 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" The music video was also nominated in the category of Viewer's Choice Award, but lost to Fall	Fall	VERB	Out	ADP	 Out
Although Fuchs was " an asset " of GRU in Britain, his " control " was transferred to the	the	DET	NKGB	PROPN	 NKGB
Items they planted which are still present include the yew finials in the herbaceous border, which were planted in	in	ADP	1856	NUM	 1856
A search for sodium in the atmosphere, just after such a finding on Europa, turned up nothing in	in	ADP	1997	NUM	 1997
" PopMatters ' review of the album compared its musical style to that of Brian Eno and Robert Fripp,	,	PUNCT	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
These rules are typically those of tort. For example, in R v Pittwood, the defendant was put	put	VERB	under	ADP	 under
Hornsby re signed with the Cardinals in 1933, but was released partway through the season and was picked up	up	ADP	by	ADP	 by
The most recent presidential election was held on 10 January 2010 and was won by Ivo Josipović. He took	took	VERB	the	DET	 the
Giving evidence over three days, Harwood said that Tomlinson " just looked as if he was going to stay	stay	VERB	where	SCONJ	 where
Augustine was the prior of Gregory's own monastery in Rome and Gregory prepared the way for the mission by	by	ADP	soliciting	VERB	 soliciting
During a raid on a warehouse, James discovers the body of a young boy, in which a live	live	ADJ	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
He ended with 3 / 44. Miller was rewarded with the new ball in the second innings. He	He	PRON	removed	VERB	 removed
Koquillion encounters the time travellers and attacks, pushing Barbara over a cliff and temporarily trapping Ian and the Doctor	Doctor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Security and disaster related risks for the event will be mitigated by the implementation of a comprehensive security operation.	.	PUNCT	Crime	NOUN	 Crime
Glen Leigh has eight named waterfalls in 0.64 miles (1.03 km). It is 1.8 miles (2.9	2.9	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Gudrun emerged from the experience embittered by her alleged mistreatment and has remained devoted to her father's memory.	.	PUNCT	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
It moved off Webster Avenue to a new location on West Street (where it is still in operation as	as	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Rain on 8 October slowed the U.S. 7th Marines and the Whaling Group as they attempted to cross the Matanikau	Matanikau	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Frank Berg of NME gave the song a mostly positive review, stating that " What we have here	here	ADV	are	AUX	 are
General Motors called this genset an electric vehicle (EV) range extender. The vehicle was propelled by an	an	DET	electric	ADJ	 electric
Slow lorises have a round head because their skull is shorter than in other living strepsirrhine. Like other lorisids	lorisids	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The NBA claimed the lawsuit was void because Schultz signed a release forbidding himself to sue Bennett's group,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
... To me, Surrealism is totally artificial. I recently read an interview with the director David Lynch who	who	PRON	said	VERB	 said
By World War II, the guns used Type 91 armor piercing, capped shells. Each of these shells	shells	NOUN	weighed	VERB	 weighed
After studying techniques used at the Indianapolis 500 and in NASCAR racing in the United States, the team were	were	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
After detailed planning and preparation, the trans European flight was begun in the same year. During the 25	25	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
" As in plot and setting, Tolkien brings his literary theories to bear in forming characters and their interactions	interactions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Brownlee's work as an MLA extended beyond the legislature. He gave close attention to correspondence from his constituents	constituents	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the lead up to the Tests, McCabe scored 43, 67 and 19 in two tour matches against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
Williams cited " unhappiness with the direction the video was headed " as an explanatory factor; in replacement,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The only gold man who put together any sort of campaign for the Democratic nomination was Treasury Secretary John G.	G.	PROPN	Carlisle	PROPN	 Carlisle
Back at the Eppes house, Charlie and Don discuss what went wrong. Alan is confident that the math	math	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
William and Mary, both Protestants, became king and queen regnant following the Glorious Revolution, which resulted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lord Malvern equated Britain's removal of Southern Rhodesia's conference seat with " kicking us out of the Commonwealth	Commonwealth	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Then, Jeter became the all time hits leader as a member of the Yankees (2,722), passing	passing	VERB	Lou	PROPN	 Lou
Each bogie had two motors, each controlling one axle. In 1941, no. 187 was equipped with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Grand Fleet conducted a sweep into the central North Sea during 17 – 19 May without encountering German vessels	vessels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It strengthened into a tropical storm and typhoon while moving northwest. It briefly threatened Wake Island as a typhoon	typhoon	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
They referred to the song speaking about Usher's " infidelity " to Chilli. Alongside the " cheating "	"	PUNCT	rumors	NOUN	 rumors
In the film, Chitti often introduces himself by stating the clock rate of his central processing unit, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
However, after delivering lectures at Oxford University and Cambridge University on similar topics she re considered her choice.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Dixie had been headed from New Orleans to New York when she grounded on the reef, located about 60	60	NUM	nautical	ADJ	 nautical
The orientation of the roots and teeth indicates that all the teeth were single rooted. The dentary superficially resembles	resembles	VERB	that	PRON	 that
Druitt was educated at Winchester College, where he won a scholarship at the age of 13, and excelled	excelled	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In response, NASA commissioned Europa lander concept studies in 2011, along with concepts for a Europa flyby (	(	PUNCT	Europa	PROPN	Europa
Returning to the present day, the group reunites to perform a concert on the roof of Moe's Tavern	Tavern	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hemingway had intended to write a nonfiction book about bullfighting, but then decided that the week's experiences had	had	AUX	presented	VERB	 presented
A computer draws a station model for each observation location. The station model is primarily used on surface weather	weather	NOUN	maps	NOUN	 maps
The debt payments weighed heavily on the Senators. For several years, Bryden tried to reschedule the debt on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite suffering heavy casualties they pressed their attack, forcing the defenders to surrender after charging the trench with fixed	fixed	VERB	bayonets	NOUN	 bayonets
Robb Alvey, a notable roller coaster enthusiast, called it a " milestone in roller coaster history ".	.	PUNCT	Millennium	PROPN	 Millennium
The zoo later released statements that they wish to keep Knut, and the mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit	Wowereit	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Other examples of the epigraphy of the Round Church include several short Glagolitic and Cyrillic texts and separate letters.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
Yet with all that, I was eating my heart out. " Because Brown was still receiving his annual	annual	ADJ	salary	NOUN	 salary
In 1873 Fletcher and Loring also became principal owners of the Minnetonka Mills Company near Lake Minnetonka, in production	production	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
With nitrogen it forms alkaloids, and with the addition of sulfur also it forms antibiotics, amino acids,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In order to become a cougar herself, Jenna starts to date Aidan, a teenage freshmen at New York	York	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
The Seventh Street Pike was built starting in the later part of the 1920s to provide a straight north south	south	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
" In response, DraftKings and FanDuel filed lawsuits against the state of New York on November 13, arguing	arguing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Promptly, a number of delegates yelled back, " G! G. Blaine, you fool! " The	The	DET	delegates	NOUN	 delegates
" In addition, many of the song's themes deal with Key's battle with drugs and alcohol.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
" In the video Rihanna portrays a woman who resorts to killing the man who had previously raped her.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
She appeared as Leticia Musgrove, the troubled wife of an executed murderer (Sean Combs), in the	the	DET	2001	NUM	 2001
As of March 31, 2003, the game had shipped 8.15 million copies worldwide: 3.7 million in Japan	Japan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The 0.4 mile (640 m) Lake Winfield Scott Trail circles around the lake shore. This easy trail	trail	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
Even game mechanics were influenced by the Puritan view. A spinner or a top like teetotum, for instance	instance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Ten or More Plan, established by UNHCR in 1973 and administered in the UK by the British Red	Red	PROPN	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
It was reported at that time that 70 percent of ground beef sold in U.S. supermarkets contained the additive,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In early December 1979, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs proposed a joint summit meeting between Amin and Muhammad Zia	Zia	PROPN	ul	PROPN	 ul
An " instantly engaging " electropop beat begins the track; it additionally features " space age sounds " in	in	ADP	response	NOUN	 response
This work consisted of the twin bridges over the Grand River and an interchange at Rest Acres Road. The	The	DET	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
The planetary magnetic field strongly influences the motion of sub micrometer ring particles as well, which acquire an electrical	electrical	ADJ	charge	NOUN	 charge
A home player who earns a " Bingo " is directed to GSN's website to claim a $50	50	NUM	prize	NOUN	 prize
From 1784 until 1788 Clark served as the superintendent surveyor for Virginia's war veterans and surveyed the lands granted	granted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" The video premiered July 21, 2010 on MTV.com. Actor Michael Jai White portrays Minaj's love interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Lead writer and executive producer Russell T Davies chose the name Rose because he considered it a " good luck	luck	NOUN	charm	NOUN	 charm
Bach reflects Jesus ' promise to " make Our dwelling with him " in melismatic lines in counterpoint with motifs	motifs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Kanellis is also a singer and released her debut album Sevin Sins on April 13, 2010, with "	"	PUNCT	Fantasy	PROPN	 Fantasy
The Tsar and General Jean Victor Moreau, formerly a General of France and by 1813 an adviser to the	the	DET	Coalition	PROPN	 Coalition
To those people tonight, we give a special thank you, and to all the other people that are	are	AUX	listening	VERB	 listening
" Yield debuted at number two on the Billboard charts, but like No Code soon began dropping down the	the	DET	charts	NOUN	 charts
Played by Clancy Brown, Jamie Kaler (as young man), Jordan Orr (as child, Alexei	Alexei	PROPN	Belyakov	PROPN	 Belyakov
No. 2 Group RAF from Bomber Command took on ASO from March to October but their Blenheims were not	not	PART	suitable	ADJ	 suitable
Scholar P.J. Marshall explains that the British public were able to follow the Third Mysore War in newspapers " in	in	ADP	much	ADV	 much
At the conclusion of the 2009 season, Harley announced his retirement from AFL football. Harley cited his inability	inability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
1239 – 25 October 1292) was an English bishop who served as Lord Chancellor of England from 1274 to	to	ADP	1292	NUM	 1292
It is possible that such appearances represent more than one Thored, though that is not a generally accepted theory	theory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
6 is not needed to protect our children. We have that legal protection now. It could be very	very	ADV	costly	ADJ	 costly
Upon their first meeting he silently observes that Jessica is wearing " a blue overgarment of some sort and one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In April 1952 Sihanouk married Paule Monique Izzi, the daughter of Pomme Peang – a Cambodian lady, and	and	CCONJ	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
(III) Linz and another German pilot were killed. Kriegsmarine fatalities included four sailors on Z33 and three	three	NUM	on	ADP	 on
West Alsek entered the Todd Brooklyn shipyard to undergo the conversion in late February. Upon completion of the conversion	conversion	NOUN	work	NOUN	 work
In all, six people died on the island and losses were estimated at €200 million (US $	$	SYM	190	NUM	190
It emerged in the late 1990s as a development within a lineage of related styles such as 2 step garage	garage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
One of Dürer's diary entries became key, 400 years later, in the 20th century establishment of Lochner	Lochner	PROPN	's	PART	's
A project to make more permanent repairs and prevent future closures began on July 31, and from September 2	2	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Some major kennel clubs around the world allow silver Labradors to be registered, but not as silver. The	The	DET	Kennel	PROPN	 Kennel
Six hours later, the JMA upgraded Wayne to a typhoon. Later that day, the JMA announced that	that	SCONJ	Wayne	PROPN	 Wayne
Handloom weaving declined after the cotton factory was built. Arrowsmith's factory lasted until 1955, when mining subsidence	subsidence	NOUN	damaged	VERB	 damaged
However, as television grew into a profitable business, an intense rivalry developed between the networks, just as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Notable writers such as Leon Uris, author of the novel Exodus, inspiring the motion picture, Pulitzer Prize	Prize	PROPN	winning	VERB	 winning
Three months later, following some minor support roles, his unit led the attack during the Meuse Argonne Offensive	Offensive	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One of the survivors was John Henry Turpin, who had also survived the explosion of Maine in Havana in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
The JTWC assessed the circulation was dissipating near the coast, and the JMA declared Podul dissipated at 1200 UTC	UTC	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Gun politics in Switzerland are unique in Europe in that a relatively high percentage (29%) of citizens	citizens	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
To achieve this goal, the player has a variety of starships, power ups and weapons. Unlike its	its	PRON	predecessor	NOUN	 predecessor
" Joystiq's Mike Schramm compared the game to Fable, noting that " what is there looks good –	–	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Following the release of the official concert recordings, video and audio bootleg recordings circulated that featured the entirety of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After Maidan Castle, Wheeler turned his attention to France, where the archaeological investigation of Iron Age sites had	had	AUX	lagged	VERB	 lagged
After failing to score a goal in 2008 – 09 and the first half of the 2009 – 10 season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Republicans, including Koch and other legislative leaders, consistently insisted they would not accept a budget of over $	$	SYM	34	NUM	34
Madden said that challenges of filming in India included the street noise, as well as the people's curiosity	curiosity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Following the ceremonies, the Murrays spent five weeks on a motor tour of England and Scotland, before visiting	visiting	VERB	Switzerland	PROPN	 Switzerland
Nevertheless, Manuel's relations with the French army were somewhat better than with the Germans, and Louis was	was	AUX	entertained	VERB	 entertained
After waging the 1962 Sino Indian War and the 1965 war with Pakistan, India pursued close military and economic	economic	ADJ	ties	NOUN	 ties
The Cypherpunks list archives includes many references to, what became known as ' AP ' and ' APster '	'	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
With the agreement of both organisations, Olivier remained in overall charge of the Chichester Festival during the first three	three	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
In the first match, the United States routed the Dominican Republic by a score of 14 – 0 with	with	ADP	Lloyd	PROPN	 Lloyd
At the first practice in 1933, Shaughnessy assessed he would have a good line, but an undersized backfield	backfield	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His next command was West Point, which he sought with the intention of facilitating its surrender to the British	British	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Khal Drogo's khalasar arrives at the city of Vaes Dothrak. Viserys Targaryen (Harry Lloyd) impatiently waits	waits	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The previous year, in the 2007 Emerald Bowl against Oregon State, Maryland recorded 19 yards on the ground	ground	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Once in the City of Oswego, NY 48 becomes West First Street. At Utica Street, NY 48	48	NUM	briefly	ADV	 briefly
Critical study is further hampered by the lack of Sanskrit words for modern conceptions (such as homosexuality),	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
On 1 September 1972 the management service functions of both BOAC and BEA were combined under the newly formed British	British	PROPN	Airways	PROPN	 Airways
When the elder Stone reveals that his son has forced him out of the company and that he is now	now	ADV	there	ADV	 there
The Medieval Merchant's House was converted again, and had become a beer shop by 1883, and a	a	DET	popular	ADJ	 popular
Prior to 2012, Egypt had sent athletes to nineteen editions of the Summer Olympic Games, the 1906 Intercalated	Intercalated	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
Several rock musicians have patterned successful songs either directly or indirectly on Hooker's many versions of " Boogie Chillen	Chillen	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
These birds are believed to have had a life span of about 20 to 25 years. During the winter	winter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Venture capital played an instrumental role in developing many of the major technology companies of the 1980s. Some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On October 29, 1861, the largest fleet ever assembled in North America moved south to seize it.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On 27 August, Iowa and her sister ship Missouri entered Sagami Bay to oversee the surrender of the Yokosuka	Yokosuka	PROPN	Naval	PROPN	 Naval
In 2008, he served as a co executive producer on Family Guy and executive producer on American Dad!	!	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
As weather conditions shift due to climate change, bees change their behaviors. When it rains, bees do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
Initially the Army was unable to support its OA 10s, and for several months, they were supported by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bryan's speeches evolved over time; in December 1894, in a speech in Congress, he first used	used	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1509, he held concurrently provost and choir master offices at Saint Quentin collegiate church. During the last	last	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Due to the extreme weight of the main battery turrets at the bow and stern, the hull had to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
" Avast Software said that it had an ambivalent view towards the product. Vincent Steckler, Avast Software CEO	CEO	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The sixth and final quartet of the set, in D major, is numbered III / 49 in the	the	DET	Hoboken	PROPN	 Hoboken
Lord Young asked the jury why they recommended mercy, and one of them replied that the medical evidence was	was	AUX	contradictory	ADJ	 contradictory
The title was briefly used in the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, which recognized it as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In real time, the National Hurricane Center first upgraded the system 21 hours later. The depression initially tracked	tracked	VERB	slowly	ADV	 slowly
The British passed the message to the Americans, along with their conclusion that Port Moresby was the likely target	target	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is Hamasaki's second best selling DVD single, and her eighth best seller overall. " Seasons "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The stents dilate the ureters, which can facilitate instrumentation, and they also provide a clear landmark to aid	aid	VERB	in	ADP	 in
They proceeded to win their next game against the Phoenix Coyotes 5 – 2, which marked the first time	time	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Located near the retablo is a large room called the ante sacristy, a storage room for church utensils and	and	CCONJ	decorations	NOUN	 decorations
The road continues near housing subdivisions and businesses before it comes to the DE 18 intersection near Cannon. US	US	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
By the time of his retirement in 1970 he had pioneered innovations such as the back heeled pass, which	which	PRON	became	AUX	 became
With the arrival of its new Boeing 777s, EVA Air launched a comprehensive revamp of its cabins, introducing	introducing	VERB	lie	VERB	 lie
" Jabbari Weekes of Exclaim! said, " A majority of My Name Is My Name's sounds are	are	AUX	wrapped	VERB	 wrapped
An Italian organ from the Renaissance period may be on only 2.2 inches (56 mm), while (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
In the early 18th century it returned to fashion, not only in England but also, directly influenced from	from	ADP	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
He took a great personal risk and came close to getting caught. Graf was assisted by Gruppenführer (Group	Group	PROPN	Leader	PROPN	 Leader
After Ronaldo was called offside in the 59th minute – despite appearing to be level with the last defender –	–	PUNCT	Giggs	PROPN	 Giggs
Staff offer guided tours and other educational programs, including a Junior Ranger educational program for children between four and	and	CCONJ	fifteen	NUM	 fifteen
At 22 Mile Road, M 48 turns westerly and M 129 continues north. This intersection is also the	the	DET	location	NOUN	 location
The ship was classified as an armoured frigates because she only had a single gun deck and her traditional disposition	disposition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The landings on the islands were meant to deny their use by the Japanese as bases for threatening the supply	supply	NOUN	routes	NOUN	 routes
By the system of national flags then in use in British ships, this implied that the ships with blue	blue	ADJ	ensigns	NOUN	 ensigns
Most people undertook small journeys on foot and hired horses for longer journeys. For the upper classes, travel	travel	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Harley Carlson of MetalReview.com regarded Octavarium as " successfully [showcasing] the band's ability to craft emotive music	music	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Later, the keeper, Solomon Stone, had to put the light out per order of the New London	London	PROPN	customs	NOUN	 customs
" Beginning as early as 1865 in San Francisco, Coolbrith held literary meetings at her home, hosting readings	readings	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
... My one desire was to flee that room and find a quiet corner in which to rest my aching	aching	VERB	head	NOUN	 head
Special sweets and savouries like Anarse, Karanjya, Chakli, Chiwda and Ladu are prepared for the festival.	.	PUNCT	Colorful	ADJ	 Colorful
Delhi's arts and crafts include, Zardozi – an embroidery done with gold thread – and Meenakari – the	the	DET	art	NOUN	 art
After the conflict, the race never resumed, but many plans for post war naval expansions and improvements were	were	AUX	postulated	VERB	 postulated
) The following table presents the inventory of classic Noldorin consonants. Grouping of consonants occurs only in the central	central	ADJ	parts	NOUN	 parts
Most are carnivores, feeding on annelids, clams and crustaceans, and may kill annelids of about their own	own	ADJ	size	NOUN	 size
At the outbreak of war between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the French Republic in the early spring of	of	ADP	1793	NUM	 1793
These researchers initially suggested a connection between Varroa destructor mite infestation and CCD, suggesting that a combination of these	these	DET	bee	PROPN	 bee
To resolve Scott's immediate problems, and to prevent a resumption of his tirades against the new party leader	leader	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some 20 persons were detained in these protests. The police broke up a smaller crowd, detaining at least	least	ADJ	six	NUM	 six
The troupe managed to avoid bodily harm, partly by convincing the rioters that they were a French theater troupe	troupe	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He batted.277 in 188 at bats in his pro debut for the Spokane Indians in the Short season Northwest League	League	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Along with the Oscar, John Williams's score won the Grammy Award, the BAFTA Award for Best Film	Film	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
It came to an end with the reign of Michael the Brave (1593 – 1601) who managed,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Security guards at each station conduct inspections and provide assistance. A reusable plastic magnetic ticketing system has replaced the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
" S. Shiva Kumar of The Times of India was more critical of the soundtrack, and called it "	"	PUNCT	lacklustre	NOUN	 lacklustre
Maxwell commanded Daedalus for less than a year. On 2 July 1813 the frigate ran aground on a shoal	shoal	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
Hands and triallist goalkeeper Charlie Williams of Swindon Town were injured during the game, and unfortunately for the beneficiary	beneficiary	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the LP and particularly the CD era, the record companies have built up a substantial catalogue of Fauré	Fauré	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Crocodile Hunter became successful in the United States, the UK, and over 130 other countries, reaching	reaching	VERB	500	NUM	 500
Coal yards and sidings were also built at Hellingly station. The hospital opened to patients, and the railway	railway	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
On the other hand, Real Madrid was widely seen as the embodiment of the sovereign oppressive centralism and the	the	DET	fascist	ADJ	 fascist
Indian cuisine is the most popular alternative to traditional cooking in Britain, followed by Chinese and Italian food.	.	PUNCT	Chicken	NOUN	 Chicken
Selby, however, then won the next 3 frames to lead 7 – 5. O'Sullivan responded by taking	taking	VERB	three	NUM	 three
In the thirteenth century the threat of Scandinavian naval power subsided and the kings of Scotland were able to use	use	VERB	naval	ADJ	 naval
In the very early moments, it is theorized that the Universe experienced a very rapid cosmic inflation, which	which	PRON	homogenized	VERB	 homogenized
In Game 4 of the 2012 World Series against the Tigers on October 28, Cain allowed three runs in	in	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
According to Napolitano, Wilson was completely oblivious to their appearance; he ate and drank in the dugout,	,	PUNCT	warmed	VERB	 warmed
The overall goal of the movement is to " reverse the stifling dominance of the materialist worldview " represented by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Permission was granted and a spokesman for the film indicated the schedule and budget had not been affected. Singer	Singer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They are bad tempered snakes and some specimens never settle down in captivity, always hissing and puffing when approached	approached	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Between 1953 and 1961, there were few known biological sequences — either DNA or protein — but an abundance	abundance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By excluding novels, chapbooks, tracts, ballads, and fairy tales, it effectively decided what counted as	as	ADP	children	NOUN	 children
He is married to Stacy, and in Melbourne they lived at Sandringham. The pair met on the Gold	Gold	PROPN	Coast	PROPN	 Coast
The initial advance would allow the Armée d'Orient to progress in support of other units first to Prilep, Disma	Disma	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" In July 2007, S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu asked eight Tamil film directors to list their	their	PRON	all	DET	 all
The defenders used unconventional tactics to undermine enemy morale, such as firing weather rockets at Serb forces and sabotaging	sabotaging	VERB	JNA	PROPN	 JNA
Adams was the champion for just over three months, losing the title to Ron Harris at a show in	in	ADP	Portland	PROPN	 Portland
Designed by Willis Polk, the 59 foot high classical pavilion is made up of twelve concrete Corinthian columns and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Dan decides to spend summer in The Hamptons with Eric (Connor Paolo) and tells Rufus (Matthew Settle	Settle	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Paul chose " God's Promise ", lyrics that Woody had adapted in 1955 from " What God Hath	Hath	PROPN	Promised	PROPN	 Promised
In the sixth season, Gilchrist made a comeback for his final IPL stint. He stated the reason as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
MacGregor steered the hijacked brigantine to Aux Cayes, then sold her after she was found to be unseaworthy.	.	PUNCT	Waiting	VERB	 Waiting
In the 1890s, Balfour and Turner appear to have been the most prolific designers of private houses on the	the	DET	estate	NOUN	 estate
It was followed by " Part 2: Radioactive " on 22 August, which depicts a blonde wigged Diamandis	Diamandis	PROPN	travelling	VERB	 travelling
The first covered bridge in the United States was built in 1800 over the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was anchored by Harry Reasoner with reportage by George Crile. Crile also produced the episode with co producer	producer	NOUN	Grace	PROPN	 Grace
Aspects of Hellenistic culture were still evident in the traditions of the Byzantine Empire in the mid 15th century.	.	PUNCT	Some	PRON	 Some
In 1961, with its first location in Skokie, Illinois, Burger King Corporation and its franchises began opening	opening	VERB	stores	NOUN	 stores
It showcased her fourth studio album, In the Zone (2003) and visited North America and Europe.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Chitinozoans also become rarer in shallower water - although the reverse is not necessarily true. They can not survive	survive	VERB	freshwater	NOUN	 freshwater
Burns collaborated with George Thomson in A Select Collection of Original Scottish Airs, published from 1793 to 1818,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The Sistine Chapel was built by Pope Sixtus IV within the Vatican immediately to the north of St. Peter's	's	PART	Basilica	PROPN	 Basilica
Scully decides to join Mulder in the game, and the two fight Maitreya together. Maitreya begins to duplicate	duplicate	VERB	herself	PRON	 herself
During the credits, it is revealed that Moe was aware of Gaiman's scheme, and was in fact	fact	NOUN	allied	VERB	 allied
Magin died of wounds soon after. For their efforts, 9 Staffel destroyed at least three hangars, hit	hit	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
However, he recovered in time to play in the final Test of the series. Australia's victory in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fewer than 50 grew on the key in 1991. Despite efforts to propagate the plant, there are now	now	ADV	16	NUM	 16
, Many MacIntyres subsequently joined MacDonald's army including the chief's piper. The chief, however, was	was	AUX	with	ADP	 with
One cycle of the ride lasts about 2 minutes and 35 seconds. Hydra the Revenge operates with two steel	steel	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As such he looked for a Permanent Secretary who was a qualified lawyer and who could help him set up	up	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Eurogamer staff writer Tom Bramwell felt that " the game's other selling point – its darker edge –	–	PUNCT	[	X	 [
Rutkow, a professor of surgery at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, has argued that	that	SCONJ	starvation	NOUN	 starvation
Hawaiians associated elements of their natural environment with particular deities. In Hawaiian mythology, the summit of Mauna Kea	Kea	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
From the 1960s, it became increasingly fashionable for the upper classes to spend their summers in Skagen. Galleries	Galleries	NOUN	selling	VERB	 selling
He plays first class cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club, and represented England in 76 Test matches and 123	123	NUM	One	NUM	 One
" Regarding the women ’ s movement in writing, Alvarez explains, " definitely, still, there is	is	VERB	a	DET	 a
The price per kilogram has oscillated between US $4,600 and $13,300 in the period from 1959 to 1998	1998	NUM	for	ADP	 for
" Reunion " was written by 30 Rock supervising producer Matt Hubbard, making it his fifth writing credit after	after	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Troll was upgraded to a year round station in 2005 as part of the centenary of Norway's independence.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
A $90 million casino / hotel / entertainment complex opened at Magnetic Hill in 2010. Moncton's Capitol	Capitol	PROPN	Theatre	PROPN	 Theatre
Arkham Asylum is set in the fictional Arkham Asylum, a facility on Arkham Island off the coast of Gotham	Gotham	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
Statements from the Presiding Officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill	bill	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
President George H. W. Bush consoled Ijaz's widow in a letter dated July 24, 1992. J. E.	E.	PROPN	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
The cremated remains were either placed in urns, or just buried in dents. No weapons or tools were	were	AUX	put	VERB	 put
American paddlefish have small undeveloped eyes that are directed laterally. Unlike most fishes, American paddlefish hardly respond to	to	ADP	overhead	ADJ	 overhead
" Out of the variety of new features, GameSpot called it " the most important and best implemented.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1994, Schaller and Dr. Alan Rabinowitz were the first scientists to uncover the rare saola, a forest	forest	NOUN	dwelling	NOUN	 dwelling
Arafat returned to Lebanon a year after his eviction from Beirut, this time establishing himself in the northern Lebanese	Lebanese	ADJ	city	NOUN	 city
For example, the brain of the specimen with the 374 millilitre endocast is estimated to have had a volume	volume	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The room size was increased by the construction of a bay window, parquet floor was installed, and the	the	DET	room	NOUN	 room
The first version of the game allows progress to be saved only in the main character's haven or safehouse	safehouse	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Even many of the words that have been incorporated into American English, such as barbecue, canyon, ranch	ranch	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kartolo handled the film's music, and many of the cast had experience singing kroncong (traditional music with	with	ADP	Portuguese	ADJ	 Portuguese
Horsfield met his future wife Esther Eccorsley (1793 / 94 – 1872) at a botanical meeting in 1812	1812	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The company has been recognized for sustainability practices in its manufacturing and sponsors many pet related charities and events.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The park occupied the muster ground outside the fort and the fort's barracks building was used as a manager	manager	NOUN	's	PART	's
Almost 24 hours after the dramatics in Barcelona, a crowd of 500,000 people turned up on the streets of	of	ADP	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
A National Natural Landmark since 1967, the park has been named one of the best places in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
It is commonly found among mangroves in coastal areas including black mangroves (Rhizophora mucronata). It is often	often	ADV	in	ADP	 in
However, neurogenesis is limited to the hippocampus and SVZ, and the RMS is one mechanism neurons use to	to	PART	relocate	VERB	 relocate
The day started with a morning performance in Times Square in New York City, followed by a gig in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
They are called Proving Grounds. The challenges differ depending on the weapon, such as destroying a certain number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She asks him to come along, leaving Gotham to its fate, but he refuses. While the police	police	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Clarkson had approached Dunn thinking that his personality suited the song's content well, saying " Like, it	it	PRON	's	AUX	's
Ford hoped to attend Yale's law school beginning in 1935. Yale officials at denied his admission to the	the	DET	law	NOUN	 law
Upon his return to the Indies, Andjar formed another theatrical troupe, Bolero, with Effendi, but left	left	VERB	the	DET	 the
He also proclaimed his wife to be pregnant merely to spite Louis Auguste and his wife Marie Antoinette, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
An early starring role was as ' Geordie ' in the BBC's 1996 drama Our Friends in the North	North	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Canada Wide Daily Standard for airborne particulate matter and ozone pollution, regulation PM2.5, is 30 micrograms per	per	ADP	cubic	ADJ	 cubic
They identify fingerprints on the box of a Joseph Feller, but his current location is unknown. Walter attempts	attempts	VERB	to	PART	 to
She aided survivors of the Great Kantō earthquake between 9 and 22 September 1923. Captain Mitsumasa Yonai assumed command	command	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Reduction of the thus obtained berkelium (IV) to the + 3 oxidation state yields a solution, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Since the bullet evidence is inconclusive, Felton asks Lewis to let Chuckie secretly wash his hands so no gunpowder	gunpowder	NOUN	residue	NOUN	 residue
This includes Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, Muncie, and Marion among others. Plenty of FM stations are also	also	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The ship was not insured until after it started its voyage. The insurers, a syndicate from Liverpool,	,	PUNCT	underwrote	VERB	 underwrote
Meanwhile, " LoveStoned " transitions to the two minute prelude " I Think She Knows ". Although themes	themes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The storm's remnants later moved across the U.S. Interior Highlands before dissipating. In the Gulf of Mexico,	,	PUNCT	1,350	NUM	 1,350
Jardine played in a vital match against reigning County Champions Middlesex which would determine the champions for the season.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Pennsylvania officials took over management in May, and in 1902 the CL & N acquired the tunnel property and	and	CCONJ	some	DET	 some
Describing Microscopium as " totally unremarkable ", astronomer Patrick Moore concluded there was nothing of interest for amateur observers	observers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hannon Lane also co wrote and co produced the song. Timberlake told Entertainment Weekly that he believed " Rehab	Rehab	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Aya Asia (アヤ ・ エイジア, Aya Eishia) Voiced by: Minami Takayama A world class idol and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Many Muslims were not satisfied with the treaty. However, the Quranic sura " Al Fath " (The	The	DET	Victory	PROPN	 Victory
Heavy precipitation also fell in Missouri, especially in Brookfield, Lee's Summit, and Pleasant Hill. The	The	DET	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
Here he realized that the glyph that he had deciphered as autocrator and which convinced him that the inscription was	was	AUX	of	ADP	 of
Bradman enforced the follow on and Johnson had a better return on the second attempt. The hosts reached 3	3	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Clinton strongly supported the 2001 U.S. military action in Afghanistan, saying it was a chance to combat terrorism while	while	SCONJ	improving	VERB	 improving
McDonnell also considered adding a telescoping extension to the docking trapeze that would extend the device below the turbulent air	air	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
By the late 1870s, Wales was producing 450,000 tons of slate per year, compared with just over 50,000	50,000	NUM	tons	NOUN	 tons
As a production series B 36 was unavailable, all XF 85 flight tests were carried out using a converted	converted	ADJ	EB	PROPN	 EB
When it became the University of Strathclyde in 1964, the first new university in Scotland in 384 years,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
English literature contains many references to him, for example in A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens, and in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
The song was released as the album's second single on 15 August 2012. It was written, composed	composed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Written by Szilárd in consultation with fellow Hungarian physicists Edward Teller and Eugene Wigner, the letter warned that Germany	Germany	PROPN	might	AUX	 might
Cankili, along with every surviving member of the royal family were captured and taken to Goa, where he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In the most serious cases, surgery may be indicated. The grading system for the patella runs from 1	1	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Krause noted that O'Malley has developed into a hero, stating that " pulling all the people in the operating	operating	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
For the week ending June 18, 2011, " Best Thing I Never Had " debuted at number one	one	NUM	on	ADP	 on
It peaked at number 18 in the January 26, 2013 issue. On the Billboard R & B Songs	Songs	PROPN	chart	NOUN	 chart
Georgetown University has grown with both its city, Washington, D.C., and the United States, each of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
In early November, the 7th began preparing for an assault on the Hindenburg Line as part of the Second	Second	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
Throughout 1998, he retained his job at the BBC, working on three radio shows per week at the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Proceeding to describe the book as " a classic ", she noted that even in the 21st century,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In the first match she made 72 before taking 4 / 46 to help secure a 104 run win,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
The Underground Group's ownership of the highly profitable London General Omnibus Company (LGOC) since 1912 had enabled	enabled	VERB	the	DET	 the
The ensuing battle and British withdrawal strengthened Sudirman's popular support, and he was ultimately confirmed on 18 December	December	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A prose work, Yalpana Vaipava Malai, compiled by poet Mayilvakana Pulavar in 1736, cites four earlier writings	writings	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Pignatelli played bass and fretless guitar, while Morante played electric and acoustic guitar. While the soundtrack is not	not	PART	as	ADV	 as
" He later dismissed charges that he was politicizing the shooting, telling Politico that " as a legislator,	,	PUNCT	your	PRON	 your
) Of the early lineages of Ditrysia, Gracillarioidea and Gelechioidea are mostly leaf miners, but more recent lineages	lineages	NOUN	feed	VERB	 feed
(See also Hubble's law). Supernova discoveries are reported to the International Astronomical Union's Central Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Williamson had attached five page proposals for potential sequels to Scream when he originally sold the script, hoping to	to	PART	entice	VERB	 entice
As an additional attraction for museum visitors, car 300 was restored to operating condition, and in October 1982	1982	NUM	it	PRON	 it
Unbeknownst to them, Perry lives a double life as a crime fighting spy working for the " Organization Without	Without	ADP	a	DET	 a
Since there was little or no competition between railroads serving Minnesota farm communities, railroads could charge as much as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Said Gittings, " My thinking didn't change until Frank Kameny came along and he said plainly and firmly	firmly	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
It also emphasised the effect of Booth's ideology on Chilembwe. The Commission's reforms were not far reaching	reaching	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
The first issue was released on May 23, 2012 to positive reviews and received a second printing in April	April	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
Most of the early graduates were Brahmins. The preponderance of Brahmins in the universities and in the civic administration	administration	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The development team had decided not to add exclusive DirectX 10 graphic effects. The Mac version uses OpenGL.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
His periwig has fallen off, an obvious suggestion of intimacy and abandon, and an opening for Lady Easy	Easy	PROPN	's	PART	's
On two occasions, Lanier provided the state with more than $1 million (USD) in unsecured loans	loans	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The frequency and transmitting equipment was recovered, and the station was back on the air (with reduced power	power	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
To pursue the retreating Viet Cong formation, Lieutenant Colonel Richard E. Cavazos — commander of the 1st Battalion,	,	PUNCT	18th	PROPN	 18th
" The Daily Mirror described the beat as " nicely buffeted electropop ", noting its " trickily timed beats	beats	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In " rhubarb " operations over France, Johnson's wing commander, Patrick Jameson, insisted that the line	line	NOUN	astern	NOUN	 astern
He wrote of the importance, for example, of the need for the state to preserve its own historical	historical	ADJ	documents	NOUN	 documents
He was later rescued from that flat by friends and moved elsewhere, but his erratic behavior continued. Watkinson	Watkinson	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The United States Capitol Police had primary responsibility for security and emergency response within the Capitol Complex to include the	the	DET	Inaugural	PROPN	 Inaugural
McCulloch had been impressed by the sharp quality of Latham's production on The Stranglers ' single " Skin Deep	Deep	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Those that remained up to that period were eventually defeated by the agents of European monarchical powers, who,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The front of the building has Corinthian columnsin the centre and pilasters to the sides. A central semicircular arched	arched	ADJ	doorway	NOUN	 doorway
Five at risk species are found in the cave: Townsend's big eared bat, long eared myotis,	,	PUNCT	fringed	VERB	 fringed
However, the Antiochene barons made an alliance with Thoros II of Cilician Armenia and forced her to leave Antioch	Antioch	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Stefani also appears as a nun and an orchestra conductor. One scene uses smoke to create the illusion that	that	SCONJ	Stefani	PROPN	 Stefani
With the opening of the extension to Robertsbridge, there were three trains a day, with two on Sundays	Sundays	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The first well supported species of Edmontosaurus was named in 1892 as Claosaurus annectens by Othniel Charles Marsh. This	This	DET	species	NOUN	 species
On 24 April, the destroyer departed Boston in company with Wadsworth, Porter, Davis, Conyngham, and	and	CCONJ	McDougal	PROPN	 McDougal
OPI Products released a collection of The Amazing Spider Man nail polish. Trading cards were also available. CKE	CKE	PROPN	Restaurants	PROPN	 Restaurants
Instead it used the ranks established by the post World War I Freikorps and the SA. This was primarily	primarily	ADV	done	VERB	 done
In May 1940, during World War II, the United Kingdom initiated an invasion of politically neutral Iceland,	,	PUNCT	fearing	VERB	 fearing
Meanwhile, the Church quietly had Edgardo confirmed as a Catholic in a private chapel on 13 May 1859.	.	PUNCT	Edgardo	PROPN	 Edgardo
After a week in which the parties were given a chance to make amends outside of court, the book	book	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During meetings of the rebel leadership, the mujahidin of the host leader assumed military formation by lining up along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
" It has also been called " a prime example of Lewis ' simplistic genius. " The Times said	said	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Critics can also polarize audiences and lead debates, such as how Joe Bob Briggs and Roger Ebert dueled over	over	ADP	I	PRON	 I
As Bryan Cartledge emphasizes, Stephen also gave his kingdom " forty years of relative peace and sound but unspectacular	unspectacular	ADJ	rule	NOUN	 rule
On the defensive side of the ball, four standouts appear on five different watch lists. Big Ten Preseason	Preseason	PROPN	Defensive	PROPN	 Defensive
The locomotive was taken into use on the Flåm Line in June 1982. A year later, El 11.2092	11.2092	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The club competes in the National League North, the sixth tier of the English football league system, and	and	CCONJ	play	VERB	 play
The Partisan moves towards multi ethnic recruiting, imposition of extreme left wing policies and use of terror against "	"	PUNCT	class	NOUN	 class
The two players combined for 582 yards total offense. Both Young and Smith led their respective team in rushing	rushing	VERB	yards	NOUN	 yards
A 4 – 1 victory over Southampton secured a quarter final berth at Sheffield United. As a Second Division	Division	PROPN	team	NOUN	 team
Job for a Cowboy participated in the second Mayhem Festival, playing on the Hot Topic stage along with bands	bands	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Myst Online takes place in fictitious caverns below Earth's surface. Thousands of years ago, a race known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Theoretical and observational studies have shown that the activity in these active galactic nuclei (AGN) may be explained	explained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Furthermore, the strophes remind of the refrain from Melissa Manchester's hit " You Should Hear How She Talks	Talks	VERB	About	ADP	 About
Saludos and Caballeros set the template for several other 1940s Disney releases of " package films ": low budgeted	budgeted	VERB	films	NOUN	 films
The letter (t) stood for tschechisch (German: " Czech "). In Czechoslovak service,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
" Fellow poet and critic Glyn Jones believed that any traces of cynghanedd in Thomas's work was accidental,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
He named this combined set of units " Gaussian units ". This set of units has been recognised as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
In 2016, construction began on the portion of the road between Levels Road and DE 71 and between DE	DE	PROPN	896	PROPN	 896
The exoperidium (the outer layer of tissue, comprising the rays) is made of four distinct layers of	of	ADP	tissue	NOUN	 tissue
When filming began in 1987, a loss of financing led to the production being shut down. Forty minutes	minutes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It originally was produced in 1999 and aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on March 15, 2000.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The system then began a terminal weakening trend. By August 7 it was only a tropical storm. After	After	ADP	falling	VERB	 falling
" The ship was blown up by her own guns. At the second board, eyewitnesses reported unusual types	types	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A second, possibly pre 12th century allusion to the Cædmon story is found in two Latin texts associated with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
But there was no response at all. " At 11: 30 a.m., police officers Ian Smith and	and	CCONJ	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
He retired in 1949. Clarence Chesterfield Howerton was born on February 9, 1913, in Salem, Oregon	Oregon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Indian delegation caused a sensation in London, and Queen Anne granted them an audience. Nicholson and Schuyler	Schuyler	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Fender completed the double in 1922 with 1,169 runs and 157 wickets, Surrey finished third in the Championship,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The inflation of the mouth causes the cavum ventrale, the throat pleats on the underside stretching to the navel	navel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1919, S. A. Halterman took the first automobile to Cedar Breaks via Parowan Canyon. With improvements to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" into " ooch! " during his fistfight. Raft's coin flip, which originally appeared in Scarface	Scarface	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The use of circumcision to promote good health also fit in with the germ theory of disease during that time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Don't pass the tip to others in your place, but see if their little favorite doesn't fool	fool	VERB	them	PRON	 them
After several weeks of negotiation, the Ideas team agreed to produce a series of games for Softdisk, one	one	NUM	every	DET	 every
This was assumed in the past to be present in 50 – 70% of cases, although more recently	recently	ADV	the	DET	 the
On October 17, Hurricane Rick was classified a Category 5 hurricane, becoming the first in the eastern Pacific	Pacific	PROPN	basin	NOUN	 basin
' I Saw the Light ' took me all of 20 minutes. " He found some of the other	other	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
At 04: 30 on 8 July, the artillery of I and VIII Corps shifted their fire deeper into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon his reinstatement, he was appointed Chief of Staff of the Army of the Moselle and the Army of	of	ADP	Sambre	PROPN	 Sambre
Growing weaker and weaker, she requested that she be taken back to Romania, in order to die there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
More generally, overseeing Iraq policy became Biden ’ s responsibility, when the president said in 2009: "	"	PUNCT	Joe	PROPN	 Joe
In San Xavier, San Rafael de Velasco and Santa Ana de Velasco three original harps from the time of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the Megan and Bud scenes she said that Megan was " sweet " and " funny " but called	called	VERB	her	PRON	 her
For the second time in six seasons, West Virginia produced an undefeated, 11 win regular season in 1993	1993	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
According to USIP president Richard H. Solomon, Safdie's design was chosen because the other designs " were basically	basically	ADV	square	ADJ	 square
Sagan comfortably took the sprint for the line, holding enough of a lead to free wheel the closing metres	metres	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They only realized their error after the broadcast, so they decided not to change it. While writing the	the	DET	segment	NOUN	 segment
It was released as a single by Warner Music Japan in both regular and limited edition versions on April 22	22	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Swedo Finnish cooperation represented a rich vein of shared history in the culture of both nations, and the Swedish	Swedish	PROPN	speaking	VERB	 speaking
Whether this act affected the status of the College's charter is debatable; however, the act did facilitate	facilitate	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Bricker Amendment is occasionally revived in Congress. For example, in 1997, Representative Helen Chenoweth (R	R	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Managers are required to have a UEFA Pro Licence which is the final coaching qualification available, and follows the	the	DET	completion	NOUN	 completion
The label aimed its promotion at alternative markets and press, and released the album on vinyl record as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The episode is a parody on the disaster film genre, which has been parodied in previous South Park episodes	episodes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Quoting liberal statesman Dean Acheson, Chomsky asserts that the purpose of this strategy is to prevent any challenge to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
His first two goals of 2006 – 07 came in Mansfield's 3 – 0 Football League Trophy home victory	victory	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Readers are told that Python — a female snake deity and symbol of the Goddess — was slain by the	the	DET	Hellenistic	PROPN	 Hellenistic
Messi faces Ronaldo at least twice every season in El Clásico, which ranks among the world's most viewed	viewed	VERB	annual	ADJ	 annual
The film completed a 50 day run on 20 November 2014. The film had the biggest opening for a	a	DET	Ram	PROPN	 Ram
Cobb's direction for the sets was to " undo history ", " to invent [their] own	own	ADJ	fantasy	NOUN	 fantasy
It debuted in Austria at number fifty four, where it peaked, and remained four weeks on the chart	chart	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Đurišić reported that: The operations were executed exactly according to orders. [...] All the commanders and	and	CCONJ	units	NOUN	 units
The galaxy has an apparent magnitude of 11.9 and is around 80 million light years distant. NGC 7424 is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The selection followed two rounds of tanker competition between Boeing and Airbus parent EADS, and came eight years after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
They are religious situations – but for all their earnest dignity they are not in the style of the church	church	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Also, Robinson said " Tim [Duncan] was like Superman out there ", and conceded that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Crane and Kauffman had originally written the role of Monica for comedian Janeane Garofalo, their first choice, because	because	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He left KSU after three years. After leaving the university, Carey enlisted into the United States Marine Corps	Corps	PROPN	Reserve	PROPN	 Reserve
" When Pompeo did not receive an Emmy nomination for her work as Meredith, Mary McNamara of the Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
So anybody out there that wants to do anything that we can help — with the way America is set	set	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Brazil entered into a period of great economic, scientific and cultural prosperity, lasting from 1850 until the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Congress endorsed the Suffolk Resolves, issued a Declaration of Rights that denied Parliament's right to legislate for the	the	DET	colonies	NOUN	 colonies
This creates the thought that women should do paid work and lose some time doing domestic jobs without the man	man	NOUN	taking	VERB	 taking
By election time, the economy was souring and Bush saw his approval rating plummet to just slightly over 40	40	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
The Washington Irving operated daily leisure passenger service up and down the Hudson River. Its maiden voyage was on	on	ADP	Saturday	PROPN	 Saturday
The game, initially developed as a joke prototype from an internal game jam and shown in an early alpha	alpha	NOUN	state	NOUN	 state
They are widely considered to constitute the single most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern	modern	ADJ	fight	NOUN	 fight
In 2005, five years after his death, the case was closed and the burial was authorized. The	The	DET	body	NOUN	 body
With ample food and water, this boat left the ship half full, occupied entirely by engine room staff	staff	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He is a fan of the Daily Mail newspaper, James Bond films and Lexus cars. His music taste	taste	NOUN	includes	VERB	 includes
The populares party took full advantage of this opportunity by allying itself with Marius. Several years later, in	in	ADP	88	NUM	 88
Following reports that the club had spoken with city, county, and state officials in Virginia about abandoning the	the	DET	District	PROPN	 District
Asking Florence to indicate which pieces were being questioned, Marcus dismissed each claim one by one: " I	I	PRON	do	AUX	 do
The fate of Henry's family lands in France still remained uncertain. Reclaiming these lands was extremely important to	to	ADP	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
1584 – October 3, 1656) was an English military officer hired by the Pilgrims as military adviser for	for	ADP	Plymouth	PROPN	 Plymouth
So the Luftwaffe settled on the Focke Wulf Fw 190 fighter aircraft, with the Fw 190F becoming the ground	ground	NOUN	attack	NOUN	 attack
Instead, they opted to use frontal attack to breach the perimeter and collapse it as the only hope of	of	ADP	achieving	VERB	 achieving
A study of 27 Milky Way neighbors found that in all dwarf galaxies, the central mass is approximately 10	10	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Wolverton railway works was established here, creating work for thousands of people in the surrounding area. In the	the	DET	period	NOUN	 period
Attempts to flank Le Hamel were made difficult by the surrounding machine gun placements, mines, and barbed wire	wire	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She starts a relationship with Fatboy, after her sister Tansy Meadow's (Daisy Wood Davis) visit,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The album's second single, " Break Ya Back " featuring American singer Dev, was released on April	April	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
After its airing on August 14 on NBC, the episode was viewed by 4 million households, and received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
A short while later, Anders also went to sleep after taking a sleeping pill. The crew was unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
They discovered that tank fire could only destroy the concrete pillboxes via a direct hit on the embrasures, so	so	ADV	they	PRON	 they
Another departure from history comes during Victoria's coronation scene. Contrary to what is shown in the film,	,	PUNCT	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
Becky starts dating local builder Jason Grimshaw, but after being with him for several months, she cheats on	on	ADP	him	PRON	 him
The tribunal then " congratulated " the generals, but found that they were of " lax morality " and	and	CCONJ	unqualified	ADJ	 unqualified
The electronic chatrooms had names such as " The Cartel, " " The Bandits ' Club, " "	"	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Travel time from Ljabru to Holtet is 7 minutes, to Oslo Hospital is 14 minutes and to Jernbanetoget is	is	AUX	20	NUM	 20
Mars's two small moons, Deimos and Phobos, are thought to be captured asteroids. The Earth's	's	PART	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
" Blender gave the album two stars, claiming the album was " Black Sabbath in name only ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Despite the blunder, Francis refused to dismiss his foreign minister, and political crisis rocked Vienna throughout November,	,	PUNCT	culminating	VERB	 culminating
It features Sheeran performing live an acoustic version of the song. Sheeran performed " One " on his x	x	X	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
Salon's Andrew O'Hehir deemed Ip Man a " well paced and satisfying piece of Chinese nationalist pulp, "	"	PUNCT	referring	VERB	 referring
The Baker Ripley Neighborhood Center, in Greater Sharpstown, was scheduled to open in December 2009. The center	center	NOUN	consists	VERB	 consists
Conn Smythe realized the importance of finding the right line mates for Kennedy, telling coach Hap Day in September	September	PROPN	1945	NUM	 1945
Baalham arrived on October 3, following a fruitless three day search for survivors. The text of Geib's	's	PART	brief	ADJ	 brief
New Radar warning receiver aerials on tail fin giving it a square top from the mid 1970s. B.2 (	(	PUNCT	MRR	PROPN	MRR
SR 27 continues north along a Union Pacific rail line through Latah and Fairfield toward Rockford, where it serves	serves	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
The race was eventually won by Cambridge by four and a quarter lengths, in a consolidated time of 17	17	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
The coastal village of Reculver, to the east of Herne Bay, was the site of the testing of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The other idea is that the ivory coloured bill, which contrasted sharply with the bird's black plumage,	,	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
Interscope willingly sublicensed the project to Trauma Records in 1995 and Tragic Kingdom got the personal focus that comes from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Hares are primarily nocturnal and spend a third of their time foraging. During daytime, a hare will hide	hide	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It was later re released in the US in a collector's edition boxed set of the first three volumes	volumes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
), and the Maluridae (Australian fairy wrens) in a large Meliphagoidea superfamily. Early naturalist George Shaw	Shaw	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The expedition was warmly received on its return to the Clyde on 21 July 1904. A formal reception for	for	ADP	400	NUM	 400
Population data for the species is sparse, but a few studies have shown a low population density of 0.20	0.20	NUM	to	PART	 to
Phoronids also absorb amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) through their skins, mainly in summer.	.	PUNCT	Solid	ADJ	 Solid
" It also stated that the Hannah Montana set was more satisfying due to the quality of the songs and	and	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
Despite reaching the Lions ' 37 yard line, Cutler was hit by Ansah while throwing to Deonte Thompson and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The new system was both praised and criticized by local newspapers, often depending on whether that city was connected	connected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The estimated population of the entire watershed reached 123,000 just before the 2000 census. Fanno Creek, which had	had	VERB	few	ADJ	 few
In 1767, Martin wrote that plans for further construction and improvements at Greenway Court " remain in status quo	quo	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sacbe 7 is located south of Sacbe 6. It is at least 5.1 kilometres (3.2 mi) long	long	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In November 2014, it was announced that Costa Ronin would portray a younger version of Anton Vanko, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
British North America attracted the United Empire Loyalists, Britons who migrated out of what they considered the " rebellious	rebellious	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The transition from Seljuk architecture to Ottoman architecture is most visible in Bursa, which was the capital of the	the	DET	Ottoman	PROPN	 Ottoman
" Raymond Wean and Joseph Pistone testified against Massino, but both proved unable to conclusively link Massino with any	any	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Feller was assisted by Indians second baseman Ray Mack when he made a diving play to record the final out	out	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
These pulpits were burned in July 1936. From 1915 Gaudí devoted himself almost exclusively to his magnum opus,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bush played a critical role in persuading the United States government to undertake a crash program to create an atomic	atomic	ADJ	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
This raised doubts that the Thief trilogy would be completed, a situation that Salon.com writer Wagner James Au compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
I have got some Friends to write down to Scotland, to endeavour to seize their Edition, if offered	offered	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Shunzhi Emperor was an open minded emperor and relied on the advice of Johann Adam Schall von Bell,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Hall said she drew on herself only for the " fundamental emotions that are characteristic of the inverted ".	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
This was considered the last major step in the construction process. Controversy erupted over concessionary travel for the elderly	elderly	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Flyers containing images of the Jane Doe and her belongings were eventually dispersed in hopes of obtaining more information.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The assailant made no attempt to escape and confessed at his trial, held before the Lord Provost the next	next	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Since opening in 1864, it has been a toll bridge. The income from the tolls continues to provide	provide	VERB	funds	NOUN	 funds
Tom Breihan of The Village Voice called the remix " pretty great " compared to the " horrible hammering "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
The squadron was commanded by Vice Admiral Ehrhard Schmidt. In July 1915, following the loss of the minelaying	minelaying	VERB	cruiser	NOUN	 cruiser
Although the ending to Odd Girl Out did not veer too far from the unsatisfactory resolution formula of Spring Fire	Fire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The relative importance of these factors is different in each region, and is not well understood. For instance	instance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Røa Line was finished on 19 November 1995, allowing all trains from the east to operate through the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Sometimes construed as a relationships based song, " Watch Over Me " was written by Fanning after watching Pope	Pope	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
He became known as " the artist's artist " and his much imitated style can be seen on the	the	DET	many	ADJ	 many
Moving east southeast, Connie was upgraded to cyclone intensity at noon on January 27. Meanwhile, the JTWC	JTWC	PROPN	revised	VERB	 revised
It was the first feature length film adaptation of Augusta Jane Evans's 1866 eponymous novel. The story follows	follows	VERB	the	DET	 the
First year revenue was estimated at $30,000. The application was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC	FCC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
While the Game Gear's library consisted of over 300 titles, however, the Game Boy's library contained	contained	VERB	over	ADP	 over
The next scenes were the El Rancho nightclub scenes and the scene in which Susan attempts suicide. Welles later	later	ADV	said	VERB	 said
Sleep disorders and ADHD commonly co exist. They can also occur as a side effect of medications used to	to	PART	treat	VERB	 treat
It also ordered the creation of a board to inquire into the various designs proposed for armored ships. The	The	DET	Union	PROPN	 Union
Several months after retiring, Roberts was put in touch with Dr. Michael Leahy, a chiropractor from Colorado,	,	PUNCT	whose	DET	 whose
This is a modified version of the mode from Star Fox 64 / Lylat Wars. Nintendo WiFi uses a	a	DET	ranking	ADJ	 ranking
The following year, 2001 was appointed by a United States Department of State committee to be the American entry	entry	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
On 7 November it was announced that Aphromoo and Brian " TrickZ " Ahn would temporarily fill CLG's vacancies	vacancies	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Other British Birds rarities that have been sighted (single records unless otherwise indicated) are: Little bittern,	,	PUNCT	glossy	ADJ	 glossy
For the 1971 centennial of British Columbia, Charlie and thirteen other carvers were commissioned to carve totems presented to	to	ADP	each	PRON	 each
They took up positions at Bulim, east of the airfield; shortly afterwards they were joined by 7 Platoon	Platoon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Samba sold reasonably well throughout 1982 and 1983, after which sales began to suffer, partly because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The appointment of Arsène Wenger as Arsenal manager in September 1996 marked a turning point in Bergkamp's career.	.	PUNCT	Wenger	PROPN	 Wenger
Many will say turn away — ​ ​ away from this man, for he is not a man but	but	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
On July 21, 1963, he was hospitalized after a severe attack of breathlessness. Doctors found that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
There is updated wireless communication and support for six displays. Reviews have been generally positive, with caveats.	.	PUNCT	Apple	PROPN	 Apple
On their return in the 1905 – 06 season they became the first team to win the Second and First	First	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
After some months on public display, Lambert grew tired of exhibiting himself, and in September 1806, he	he	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
" I Love You (Miss Robot) " is the album's fourth track, that Downes said it	it	PRON	talks	VERB	 talks
The highest court in the judicial system is the Federal Court, followed by the Court of Appeal and two	two	NUM	high	ADJ	 high
The waitresses that come to the office were supposed to be unattractive. Daniels stated that the actresses they hired	hired	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Among those who attended one of these later performances was Tchaikovsky, who wrote to his benefactor, Nadezhda von	von	PROPN	Meck	PROPN	 Meck
Conversely, Maple noted that his research indicated that attitudes toward Murrell varied within the local community. Although many	many	ADJ	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
Surveying kept him busy for the next few years but in early 1859, he accompanied Ferdinand von Hochstetter,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The NHL's first quarter century saw the league compete against two rival major leagues, the Pacific Coast Hockey	Hockey	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
" After working on every film since Prisoner of Azkaban, Double Negative was asked to provide visual effects for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Erie is also served by several AM and FM radio stations based in the city, and dozens of other	other	ADJ	stations	NOUN	 stations
Zack Handlen reviewed the episode for The A.V. Club, saying that while it was an improvement on earlier episodes	episodes	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
But I take nothing from them … They're all that way on the Celtics, and you can't	n't	PART	teach	VERB	 teach
For we could enjoy mania if we were permitted by the others around us... A manic person permitted to	to	PART	think	VERB	 think
Brome bought two properties in 1324, Tackley's Hall, on the south side of the High Street and	and	CCONJ	Perilous	PROPN	 Perilous
Two of the six inch guns were shipped across the river to Cliffe Fort in 1914 and the QF guns	guns	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It has been designated a National Historic Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Construction	Construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After this, the ratings decreased gradually until " Manhunt ", watched by 8.9 million and receiving the lowest	lowest	ADJ	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
As a consequence, snow had to be transported from other parts of the mountains by the Italian army.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By early October 2012, 40 percent of the film was completed, consisting mostly of the first half.	.	PUNCT	Shruti	PROPN	 Shruti
In his first term in the West Virginia Senate, Flournoy served as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Haydock commented that Joan possesses a quick wit which she uses against the unrelenting accusatory questions provided by her "	"	PUNCT	intellectual	ADJ	 intellectual
The plan includes numerous crossings of Interstate 35E for pedestrian and bicyclist safety. In March 2012, the Park	Park	PROPN	Board	PROPN	 Board
It was estimated that a Fabian equivalence in 2014 would cause about US $650 million in damage. Some	Some	DET	insurance	NOUN	 insurance
While Reich was in Arizona in May 1956, one of his associates sent an accumulator part through the mail	mail	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
When the railways were nationalised in 1948, services at Clifton Down came under the aegis of the Western Region	Region	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Hatchlings measure 1 to 2 mm in shell length, and yearlings average around 10 mm. Measurements of all	all	DET	Novisuccinea	PROPN	 Novisuccinea
H. pylori's helical shape (from which the genus name is derived) is thought to have evolved to	to	PART	penetrate	VERB	 penetrate
The mural was the first time he used a bricklayer's trowel in his work, a tool introduced to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
It later absorbed the competing afternoon paper The Spokane Daily Chronicle, a significant newspaper historically that existed from 1890	1890	NUM	until	ADP	 until
It is endemic to the dry deciduous forest, arid thorn forest, and scrubby woodland of Mexico ’ s	s	PART	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
Although Chamberlain racked up some of the most impressive statistics in the history of Northern American professional sports, because	because	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Britain opposed communist encroachment into southern Africa, but knew it would become an international pariah if it publicly opposed	opposed	VERB	general	ADJ	 general
Rögnvaldr Guðrøðarson was slain in 1229, whereupon Óláfr took up the kingship. In 1231, Óláfr co ruled	ruled	VERB	a	DET	 a
The biodiversity of the Adriatic is relatively high, and several marine protected areas have been established by countries along	along	ADP	its	PRON	 its
It was pretty awesome. This weekend we had a big party, a big YMCMB party, and Drake	Drake	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
A number of fines were subsequently imposed on taxpayers for evading payment, suggesting that the 1198 tax was not	not	PART	very	ADV	 very
In Constantinople, Belisarius was given the honour of celebrating a triumph — the first to be celebrated in Constantinople	Constantinople	PROPN	since	SCONJ	 since
Ryder had hoped to be a fashion designer, undertaking a course at Central Saint Martins which he did not	not	PART	complete	VERB	 complete
" The music of Pretty on the Inside is most often noted for its extreme abrasiveness, and for its	its	PRON	sophisticated	ADJ	 sophisticated
A female named Ste Shihu was brought later that same year from Estonia by the same owner, and the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
On February 13, 2003, the game was re released in Japan as part of PlayStation2 the Best.	.	PUNCT	CyberFront	PROPN	 CyberFront
The orchestra was seen by some as " a bolshie lot " and " grumpy ", but its relations	relations	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
O'Dea scored his first goal for Toronto on 3 July 2013 in a 3 – 3 home draw with Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	rivals	NOUN	 rivals
With the change in devotees, the mode of worship and festivals has changed from that of Hindu orientation to	to	ADP	one	NUM	 one
HV troops hijacked an UNCRO armoured personnel carrier and a Land Rover to precede HV tanks that were moving west	west	ADV	along	ADP	 along
He had started the project of composing one cantata for each Sunday and holiday of the liturgical year, termed	termed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Arafat continued negotiations with Netanyahu's successor, Ehud Barak, at the Camp David 2000 Summit in July 2000	2000	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
This loosening of thinking (Lockerung des Denkens) seems to me to be the greatest blessing which modern science	science	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Her armament, as built, consisted of two bow torpedo tubes with a supply of three torpedoes, but	but	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
It ’ s like a Mark Rothko painting hitting you over the head with a bag of hammers. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1957 Raw was posted to the Joint Planning staff. During 1958 he and Dorothy divorced; Raw subsequently	subsequently	ADV	married	VERB	 married
It was released as the last Sonic game for a Sega console after the company decided to leave the console	console	NOUN	hardware	NOUN	 hardware
Borden then began making plans to market ReaLemon in a lemon shaped package that was similar to Jif's packaging	packaging	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Geoffrey Chaucer's Hodge of Ware, the London cook from the Canterbury Tales, is described as a sleazy	sleazy	ADJ	purveyor	NOUN	 purveyor
A group of six women nominated by the crowd were escorted into the king's apartment, where they told	told	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Flying embers started a fire in Southwark but it was quickly stopped. The fire's spread to the north	north	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
Much of Japan saw rains from the storm, though no significant damage or loss of life took place in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the election William Davin complained of " the unfounded allegations and the slanderous and libellous statements made against members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Putin brought public attention to the issue and put it before the State Council. CNN also reported that members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In just four years it more than doubled again, hitting $8.5 million in 1980 (a constant dollar	dollar	NOUN	increase	NOUN	 increase
An inset stairway climbed outside of the retaining wall of Group C and accessed the East Plaza between the high	high	ADJ	status	NOUN	 status
After discovering that Mr. Brockway initially was unwilling because he thought Darrin was married to an African American woman,	,	PUNCT	Larry	PROPN	 Larry
Class III stones are thought to overlap chronologically with Class II stones. Most are elaborately shaped and incised cross	cross	NOUN	slabs	NOUN	 slabs
The following day, September 30, he broke it with his 60th homer, in the eighth inning off	off	ADP	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
Time called the film " the prettiest bloodbath of 2008 ", and Farrell received his first Golden Globe.	.	PUNCT	Shortly	ADV	 Shortly
(Intensity is measured by minimum central pressure, which correlates with but is not directly linked to wind speeds	speeds	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The A 10 is designed to be refueled, rearmed, and serviced with minimal equipment. Its simple design	design	NOUN	enables	VERB	 enables
However, Total Video Games called the game's presentation " far from optimal " even at the recommended system	system	NOUN	requirements	NOUN	 requirements
He made his Football League debut as an 87th minute substitute in a 1 – 0 victory against Peterborough United	United	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
As Kann was interested in language, and had specific ideas of how to spell certain words, they used	used	VERB	consistently	ADV	 consistently
Several other formations were also created but were mostly eroded away following two major periods of uplift. The Laramide	Laramide	PROPN	orogeny	NOUN	 orogeny
The trident was his primary weapon in such situations, and its length allowed the retiarius to keep his opponent	opponent	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
They encouraged their son's interest in music, buying him a Broadwood piano, on which his mother gave	gave	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Other parts of the film to be shot in Los Angeles, California included store interiors, and the warehouse	warehouse	NOUN	fight	VERB	 fight
In a 2006 survey conducted by The Guardian, Peterloo came second to St. Mary's Church, Putney,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
One of his first moves was to open the stacks to students. That solved one problem, but the	the	DET	real	ADJ	 real
Armor was provided around the cockpit and a bulletproof windscreen was incorporated. Fuel capacity was initially 1,250 l (	(	PUNCT	275	NUM	275
A letter dispatched to Sparta by Hippocrates, vice admiral under Mindarus, was intercepted and taken to Athens;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
On 23 November, 2 503 and 4 503 were ordered to renew their assault while the 1st Battalion,	,	PUNCT	12th	PROPN	 12th
In thirty days you won't hear anything about it. " The future Secretary of State and Supreme Court	Court	PROPN	justice	NOUN	 justice
As of 13 May 2016 Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may	may	AUX	hold	VERB	 hold
After seven hours of fighting, the Moroccan artillery suffered severe damage, and the French bombarded the city through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Quasi medical staff, like repatriation teams, were no longer permitted on hospital ships. Ambulance drivers had to	to	PART	transfer	VERB	 transfer
50: 50 was eliminated at the end of the show's sixth syndicated season, only to be restored	restored	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This would have meant that the Egyptians could have been stopped before they arrived at the town. As part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This sudden change in growth rate may indicate physical maturity, a hypothesis which is supported by the discovery of	of	ADP	medullary	NOUN	 medullary
The Spurs first defeated Phoenix 4 – 1 in the Conference Finals, before prevailing in a very defensive oriented	oriented	VERB	seven	NUM	 seven
A frequent Murphy talking point was that Tedisco's primary residence was not in the Congressional district. The race	race	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Producer Koichi Nakamura stated the game was directly inspired by Rogue, looking to make a " more understandable,	,	PUNCT	more	ADV	 more
Bands of thunderstorms can form with sea breeze and land breeze boundaries, if enough moisture is present. If	If	SCONJ	sea	NOUN	 sea
Higgins defeated Hendry 5 – 2 in a low quality match in which Higgins won the first three frames with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Jumping spiders generally have large forelegs and short, powerful back legs, and can leap up to 50 times	times	NOUN	their	PRON	 their
Chakrapani chose P. Susheela to sing the remaining two songs featuring Jamuna, after being impressed with her rendition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mona decorated the living room in an Oriental style, which reflected her own upbringing in India. She had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
Alpha Phi Alpha is not a member of the IFC, but is a member of the National Pan Hellenic	Hellenic	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
Not long after the " Friday " video went viral on YouTube, Black and her mother, Georgina Kelly	Kelly	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the 8 April 2014 US contemporary hit radio (CHR) scheduled release of " Glory and Gore	Gore	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
An autopsy completed on July 15 indicated that he died of alcohol and heroin overdose. On July 20,	,	PUNCT	2013	NUM	 2013
The 8th Regiment of the CDK was nearly destroyed in August by the 7th Montenegro Youth Brigade " Budo Tomović	Tomović	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Secondly, it was the first decision to state that Rylands may be a sub set of nuisance, and	and	CCONJ	as	SCONJ	 as
By the end of the week " DNA " entered the UK Singles Chart at number three on 24 November	November	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
The route was then to continue east under Fleet Street to Ludgate Circus for an interchange with the South Eastern	Eastern	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The local people have traditionally utilized material from the forest, whether for use in their architecture, to make	make	VERB	pirogues	NOUN	 pirogues
They had two sons, Matthias (known as " Max ") and Evelyn (" Thorley ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Class 67 was a series of 18 units built from 1953 to 1955. They had a slightly more advanced	advanced	ADJ	technological	ADJ	 technological
In Davis ' view, remaining static stylistically was the wrong option. " So What " or Kind of	of	ADV	Blue	PROPN	 Blue
" Blink " was written by Steven Moffat. Part of the story for " Blink " is based on	on	ADP	Moffat	PROPN	 Moffat
He testifies about a large loan he made to Faulkner. In his cross examination, defense attorney Stevens suggests	suggests	VERB	the	DET	 the
He may have finished a few positions higher if he had stayed with the Gilbert group, but he almost	almost	ADV	certainly	ADV	 certainly
He was the first American player to score 500 goals and to reach 1,000 points in his career. Mullen	Mullen	PROPN	received	VERB	 received
Both groups were nominated for the Best Metal Performance in the 1992 Grammy Awards, with Nine Inch Nails winning	winning	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
We're not retreating, we're just advancing in a different direction. " For the breakout, the	the	DET	Marines	PROPN	 Marines
In the late 1970s, the color controversy went in the opposite direction within the Appaloosa registry. The ApHC	ApHC	PROPN	's	PART	's
The articles caused considerable controversy and prompted the Minister for Air, Arthur Drakeford, to make a formal response	response	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Strong waves ran through the foundation of two stilted homes, both of which were later reinforced to compensate for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He would remain at Harvard for the rest of his career, becoming a professor in 1946, and Sturgis	Sturgis	PROPN	Hooper	PROPN	 Hooper
The oil fuel supply installation and naval communications station at HMAS Coonawarra were also damaged. The initial RAN relief	relief	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
In the 2001 FA Cup Final he provided the assist for Michael Owen to score the deciding goal against Arsenal	Arsenal	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
True's design scheme incorporated motifs of the Navajo and Pueblo tribes of the region. Although some initially were	were	AUX	opposed	VERB	 opposed
The performance of the song at the November 19 – 20, 2012 shows in Miami, at the American	American	PROPN	Airlines	PROPN	 Airlines
During a game at The Armory in Albany, New York, Javie was chased down a staircase by then	then	ADV	Albany	PROPN	 Albany
The cisterns would then be transported to the desired location. This was not the first water system of its	its	PRON	type	NOUN	 type
As of 2010, the radar dome is still fully functional and is used by the FAA as an auxiliary	auxiliary	ADJ	radar	NOUN	 radar
He was drafted with the number 1 pick in the 1994 AFL Draft — the first Dandenong player to be	be	AUX	drafted	VERB	 drafted
Dale later has a private conversation with Lori, wherein he shares his suspicions that Shane sacrificed Otis to the	the	DET	walkers	NOUN	 walkers
On his return to Scotland in 1815, Balfour married Lady Eleanor Maitland (1790 – 1869), daughter	daughter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The boys were named Almonock and Montezuma, after two local Indian chiefs. His ten year old daughter and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
In 1966, the major leagues moved to the " Deep South " when the Braves moved to Atlanta.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Mulder gives one of the implants to Scully, who has it reviewed by a ballistics expert; they find	find	VERB	a	DET	 a
Endrst, however, praised the performances of Braugher, Belzer, Polito and Secor in particular. Time reviewer	reviewer	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
The Soviets divulged that they were ready to play in a series between its national team and Canadian professionals.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Murray joined the Folklore Society in February 1927, and was elected to the society's council a month later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Basically it was that with our limited effort we had to concentrate on the most urgent problem, and thus	thus	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Both Lister and Eleanor Butler were considered masculine by contemporary news reports, and though there were suspicions that these	these	DET	relationships	NOUN	 relationships
Having absorbed heavy casualties from the Viet Cong's ambush, the 2 / 4th Marine Battalion had to fight	fight	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Rare Replay reviewers were surprised by the quality of the game and some considered it a highlight of the package	package	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They also reveal Brown's process in shaping the story from conflicting sources. He acknowledges some of the more	more	ADV	capricious	ADJ	 capricious
After three and a half months in Constantinople, he was ordered to depart for Adrianople. The reason for	for	ADP	this	DET	 this
By 3 July, his troops had accomplished the tasks set forth in the directive, destroyed the Third Panzer	Panzer	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
He increased his win total to 22, and his 4.10 ERA was the lowest since 1892. On October	October	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
Such characteristics were more common among amateur cricketers, and Sutcliffe in many ways behaved like one. While not	not	PART	particularly	ADV	 particularly
(Bennett 1986, p. 31). Although the sermons have been deemed " of little literary or theological	theological	ADJ	value	NOUN	 value
The radioactive contamination posed a problem. The people working in the Bayo Canyon had to change their clothes and	and	CCONJ	take	VERB	 take
In August 1522, Martim Afonso de Melo Coutinho arrived at Tuen Mun with three ships, unaware of the	the	DET	conflict	NOUN	 conflict
In 2011, DiCaprio starred alongside Armie Hammer and Naomi Watts in Clint Eastwood's J. Edgar, a biopic	biopic	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
In 1949, the CAB tightened its regulations and placed heavy fines on the airline and shut it down completely	completely	ADV	for	ADP	 for
This match was announced on the August 14 episode of TNA's television program TNA Impact!, with Management	Management	PROPN	Director	PROPN	 Director
In his autobiography, Brown said the play came about by accident in 1946 when Graham botched a play and	and	CCONJ	improvised	VERB	 improvised
On January 31 the team pulled out a 74 – 71 win against the Saint Joseph's Hawks at home	home	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Concerned that a similar disaster might happen in British collieries, the Royal Commission was formed, reporting back in	in	ADP	1907	NUM	 1907
This is believed to cause V shaped depressions on the side under tension and C shaped depressions on the side	side	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
The program began in 1984 as the Advanced Operational Studies Fellowship (AOSF) by diverting lieutenant colonel War College	College	PROPN	selectees	NOUN	 selectees
" Regarding the song's chorus, Azerrad commented, " The brilliant irony is that the tune is so	so	ADV	catchy	ADJ	 catchy
In addition to U2, West drew musical inspiration from arena rock bands such as The Rolling Stones and Led	Led	PROPN	Zeppelin	PROPN	 Zeppelin
The opposite proved true; Madonna was indeed emotionally vulnerable, and Taraborelli cited as an example the icon's	's	PART	1990	NUM	 1990
The raid was the final action in a series of engagements fought by the British squadron based in the Indian	Indian	PROPN	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
Big Painting No. 6. is a prime example of his works that both turned a mundane household task	task	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Secrest notes that much is overlooked in the rush to have love conquer all in South Pacific, " questions	questions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Because of EPCR's role, activated protein C is found primarily near endothelial cells (i.e., those that	that	PRON	make	VERB	 make
Desha was again found guilty, and sentenced to hang on July 14, 1826. Judge Brown overturned the	the	DET	verdict	NOUN	 verdict
In the bass recitative " Das macht Christus, wahr ’ Gottes Sohn " (Christ, God ’ s	s	VERB	true	ADJ	 true
Drummond's opinions of the " rock ' n ' roll comeback " were recorded by him at the time	time	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He believes this is in part because Wiene died in 1938, closer to the release of the film than	than	ADP	any	DET	 any
When China entered the Korean War, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) had a desperate need for intelligence	intelligence	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
This sortie was the initiation of a strategy adopted by Admiral Friedrich von Ingenohl, the commander of the High	High	PROPN	Seas	PROPN	 Seas
Gaudí designed an oval church with five aisles, one central aisle and two at either side. He conceived	conceived	VERB	it	PRON	 it
(Russell 1938: 176 – 177; 234) From the view of the ethicist, competition between states	states	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Slick roads caused three tractor trailers to jackknife along a 2 mile (3 km) portion of the Capital	Capital	PROPN	Beltway	PROPN	 Beltway
Britain again deployed its armed forces to the region, intervening in Oman (1957), Jordan (1958	1958	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The third child of Prosper Frederick Hely, a storekeeper, and his wife Alice (née Lloyd),	,	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
In 1932, Plante began to play hockey, skateless and with a tennis ball, using a goaltender's	's	PART	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
And then I started looking for a way to marry those two ideas up, and a few months later	later	ADV	we	PRON	 we
Black backed subspecies have a black saddle and white nape. White backed subspecies have a wholly white nape and	and	CCONJ	saddle	NOUN	 saddle
The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% White, 0.6% Black or African American, 0.1%	%	NOUN	Native	PROPN	 Native
In particular, the club currently works closely with 12 local clubs which would be maintained and enhanced if the	the	DET	Bell	PROPN	 Bell
The 1985 NHL Entry Draft was held in Toronto, Ontario on June 15. The Flames used their first	first	ADJ	round	ADJ	 round
Sometimes a mandoline is used to slice vegetables for vegetable chips, which can accommodate thin slicing and enhance size	size	NOUN	consistency	NOUN	 consistency
The two had a heated exchange on 3 November, and Amer conceded. Nasser also ordered blockage of the	the	DET	canal	NOUN	 canal
Parts of the current nave and chancel date from the fourteenth century, but the church was rebuilt and enlarged	enlarged	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Six years after its opening it was taken into public ownership and the tolls were lifted. The tollbooths remained	remained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Punk subsequently defeated Big Show, Randy Orton, and Sheamus in a four way match to earn the right	right	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Florida Atlantic allows local financial businesses to use the Trading Room for training. Florida Atlantic is classified by The	The	DET	Carnegie	PROPN	 Carnegie
It had been announced late in the summer that Darren Criss, who plays Blaine Anderson, would be starring	starring	VERB	on	ADP	 on
A re airing of the film received the most viewers of that week for the channel. The film spawned	spawned	VERB	a	DET	 a
The ship was not launched until 12 December 1908, and did not join her sisters until 31 May 1910	1910	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
During his tenure as superintendent, Zahorchak implemented full day kindergarten, pre kindergarten and tutoring programs. He also	also	ADV	pursued	VERB	 pursued
An 1823 report described it as an " old and very awkward " facility, containing around a dozen prisoners	prisoners	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On her return to England, she appeared in the Liverpool Christmas pantomime as the principal boy in Pretty Bo	Bo	PROPN	Peep	PROPN	 Peep
During the 19th and early 20th centuries, the palace and its owners became symbols of the slightly risqué glamour	glamour	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The four month tour throughout Canada and the United States considerably boosted Edward's confidence and self esteem, and	and	CCONJ	had	VERB	 had
The club was responsible for promoting popular dances such as the Charleston, the Madison and the Twist. Smalls	Smalls	PROPN	Paradise	PROPN	 Paradise
After the hijacking, Cofresí adopted the Anne as his flagship. Although she is popularly believed to have been	been	AUX	renamed	VERB	 renamed
Minister King cited the union's criticism of the provincial government as the reason for the move, stating '	'	PUNCT	No	ADV	 No
Bonnevier, Katarina (2007). Behind Straight Curtains: towards a queer feminist theory of architecture. Stockholm	Stockholm	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
These pictures in turn inspired Charlie Chaplin to make the The Gold Rush, a silent movie, which uses	uses	VERB	the	DET	 the
Her appeal to the general populace was based in her protective character, as exemplified by the magical healing spells	spells	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fascism has been prescribed dubious stances on feminism by its practitioners and by women's groups. Amongst other demands	demands	NOUN	concerning	VERB	 concerning
The name Hazel was retired following this storm. On September 22, a weak tropical disturbance was first observed	observed	VERB	southeast	ADV	 southeast
In 1983, studies began for a " Relief Route " of US 13 between Dover and Wilmington. The	The	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Baby steps, right? " Terri is the wife of glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
I can't have people like that coming over here, on smack, fucking saying that they hate themselves	themselves	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Matt Collar of Allmusic complimented the classic Christmas songs composed in a " light, contemporary pop fashion, "	"	PUNCT	noting	VERB	 noting
I Am... Sasha Fierce debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart, with first week sales of	of	ADP	482,000	NUM	 482,000
Martha, the last storm of the season, dissipated over Panama on November 25. The season's activity	activity	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The immune system is a remarkably effective structure that incorporates specificity, inducibility and adaptation. Failures of host defense	defense	NOUN	do	AUX	 do
The song was the most popular song played on New Year's Eve and the most sung song on the	the	DET	day	NOUN	 day
Bridges made eleven appearances for Histon and helped the club achieve promotion to the Conference South in his two months	months	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Richie Porte (Team Sky) covered this move. He was again able to follow as Michał Kwiatkowski attacked	attacked	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He should be deported and gotten rid of at once. " Although Chaplin remained politically active in the years	years	NOUN	following	VERB	 following
The game features 20 unplayable guest characters, drawn from the Marvel and Capcom universes, which are used for	for	ADP	support	NOUN	 support
Amongst those arrested were Générals Daniel KATSUVA wa Katsuvira, Land Forces Chief of Staff, UTSHUDI Wembolenga, Commandant	Commandant	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Parallel to the band's gospel musical stylings, the Make Up produced music under a communism influenced political philosophy	philosophy	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The two noted that, despite the fact that " a lot of [the episode] works […	…	PUNCT	]	PUNCT	]
They wanted Carey's vocal a little louder, so a remix was quickly completed. The producer asked if	if	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
At this point most of the plot lines are settled, but there is no clear resolution for the main	main	ADJ	protagonists	NOUN	 protagonists
Zinc pyrithione is widely included in shampoos to prevent dandruff. Zinc ions are effective antimicrobial agents even at low	low	ADJ	concentrations	NOUN	 concentrations
Nuptial flights are rarely recorded due to queens leaving their nest singly, although as many as four queens may	may	AUX	leave	VERB	 leave
Harris initially shunned the team and tried to avoid correspondence and meetings with them. An attempt to arrange a	a	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Crickets are hemimetabolic insects, whose lifecycle consists of an egg stage, a larval or nymph stage that increasingly	increasingly	ADV	resembles	VERB	 resembles
Two minutes later, a Shōkaku search plane commanded by Kenzō Kanno sighted TF 17 and notified Hara. The	The	DET	two	NUM	 two
In 2015, Portland's Bureau of Environmental Services (BES) began issuing annual " report cards " for	for	ADP	watersheds	NOUN	 watersheds
Led by John Chilembwe, an American educated black millenarian Christian minister, the uprising was based around his church	church	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The group itself has not acquired a trivial name; however, scandium, yttrium and the lanthanides are sometimes	sometimes	ADV	called	VERB	 called
Four months later, he won the King of the Ring tournament, and not long after, began pursuing	pursuing	VERB	the	DET	 the
While wobble or shimmy can be easily remedied by adjusting speed, position, or grip on the handlebar,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In other cases, certain gunfighters were possibly confused, over time, with being someone else with a similar	similar	ADJ	name	NOUN	 name
" On its initial showing, " The Bitch Is Back " was viewed by 2.15 million viewers, ranking	ranking	VERB	74th	NOUN	 74th
He engaged in other businesses as well, including clothing stores and restaurants. During this time, he became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Idol modelled a leather jacket and pants, covered in black sunglasses, to the yet unreleased song " Neuromancer	Neuromancer	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The window wells were beveled, widening toward the interior of the house; this admitted more light to the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
Finally at the season ending Canadian Grand Prix, this time at the Circuit Île Notre Dame in Montreal (	(	PUNCT	a	DET	a
A total of 900 people attended Bound for Glory, while 800 people attended the fanfest. It was reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
I tried to use some of that while trying to keep a stand alone feel for our movie. I	I	PRON	kind	ADV	 kind
They occupied the eastern wing of their house, with the neighboring Zou family living in the western half.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It's the jumps from quirky to heavy that make Glee special, and I love watching the cast handle	handle	NOUN	so	ADV	 so
He was not expected to survive and was hurriedly baptised in his father's drawing room; his mother died	died	VERB	from	ADP	 from
References: On May 2, 2012, following a rash of injuries to players who had been on the	the	DET	20	NUM	 20
Fickett expressed worriment that Fringe would eventually become too formulaic, much like the first season of Smallville, and	and	CCONJ	concluded	VERB	 concluded
With the exception of Bow Creek, the Bow Back Rivers were closed for public access during the Olympics construction	construction	NOUN	works	VERB	 works
The episode featured Vaughn Armstrong, who reprised his role of the Kreetassan Captain from the episode " Vox Sola	Sola	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
During the anti Catholic Gordon Riots in 1780, large crowds assembled in Birmingham. In 1766, 1782,	,	PUNCT	1795	NUM	 1795
The director's work experience in the United Kingdom exposed him to the " social dynamics of the British psyche	psyche	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Hours later, the sultan rode to the Hagia Sophia and summoned an imam to proclaim the Islamic creed,	,	PUNCT	converting	VERB	 converting
In such cases the shifts correspond to a physical energy transfer to matter or other photons rather than being due	due	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
These are listed at Grade II * on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens. The boundaries of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following the WGC Accenture Match Play Championship, where he was knocked out in the second round by missing a	a	DET	5	NUM	 5
A Lithuanian delegation was invited to Moscow, where it signed the Soviet – Lithuanian Mutual Assistance Treaty on October	October	PROPN	10	NUM	 10
The canal today is a heritage tourism destination. Boating, with narrowboats and cruisers, is a popular tourist	tourist	NOUN	attraction	NOUN	 attraction
By the end of the day the US aircraft from the three squadrons had flown 163 sorties. The battle	battle	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
She has also committed to star in the Shahnawaz NK's bilingual film CandyFlip opposite Prakash Raj and Gulshan Devaiah	Devaiah	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
That afternoon, a company of British soldiers and Indians came toward those lines, but not near enough to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
On the negative side, Stephen Holden of The New York Times said that " even by the crude standards	standards	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The propriety of publicly performing music that Sibelius himself had rejected has also been questioned. Jean Sibelius was born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On 10 December, David Robertson, the moderator elect of the Free Church of Scotland, expressed concerns that	that	SCONJ	Murphy	PROPN	 Murphy
In the 19th century, amateur piano and singing were considered proper for middle- and upper class women. Women	Women	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
These forces, along with the attached 506th Tank Battalion and 108th Tank Brigade, numbered roughly 20,000 men and	and	CCONJ	11	NUM	 11
" Subway " was originally scheduled to air during the 1997 November sweeps season, but lower than expected ratings	ratings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On the second day, NASCAR allowed drivers to draft in packs to check the cars ' responses. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
King Charles II in 1684 established the Dominion of New England. Bradstreet's brother in law Joseph Dudley,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The team decided to incorporate anime elements for the game's animation. Inafune explained, " [Mega Man	Man	PROPN	's	PART	's
Eiland Hall later placed two prominent disclaimers at the top of the page, which identified it as parody.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to " Newton's laws of motion " and the equation F = ma, (second law of	of	ADP	motion	NOUN	 motion
In central Dalmatia, these included three batteries on the mainland between Šibenik and Split, 90 millimetre (3.5	3.5	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The vessels were ordered under the provisional names Ersatz Yorck, Ersatz Gneisenau, and Ersatz Scharnhorst. They were	were	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
Another important shrine is the Chhinnamasta Temple near Rajrappa in Jharkhand, where a natural rock covered with an ashtadhatu	ashtadhatu	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
Men shall follow you wherever you go; you shall be as good for flight as for pursuit; you	you	PRON	shall	AUX	 shall
Kappa Delta's new 23 bedroom house at 1 Occom Ridge was built over the 2013 – 2014 school year	year	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
While in Ireland at age fifteen, she saw The Virgin Prunes perform live in Dublin, and said the	the	DET	experience	NOUN	 experience
On February 24, 2013, Johansen was re called by the Blue Jackets for the remainder of the season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1970, while Rice was still in the graduate program, her daughter was diagnosed with acute granulocytic leukemia	leukemia	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was taken to the vicarage in Eccles for treatment, but died of his injuries. There have been	been	AUX	two	NUM	 two
Thơ's record under Diệm's presidency was called into question, with allegations circulating in the media that he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The division of the game into four years was a way of breaking the game's overall puzzle into four	four	NUM	discrete	ADJ	 discrete
In all, it measured about 14 miles (23 km) plus a few miles of sidings and loops	loops	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Accordingly, the congress was divided on the question of whether its purpose was to simply pave the way for	for	ADP	deeper	ADJ	 deeper
Helmut's eldest brother Walter was born in Swakopmund, at the time in the German protectorate in South West	West	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
However, the eventual withdrawal of Russian support made Vladimirescu seek a new agreement with the Ottomans, leaving him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
To study glaciers located in the alpine regions of Lombardy, researchers compared a series of aerial and ground images	images	NOUN	taken	VERB	 taken
Sony Discos president Oscar Llord called Suavemente the " most successful debut album of a Tropical artist in history.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
These harbours could not accommodate ships of the line but were well situated for frigates that attacked shipping in British	British	ADJ	waters	NOUN	 waters
Critics generally regarded " Going, Going, Gone " as disconsolate. In the season eight finale, Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Meredith	PROPN	 Meredith
In 1868 he began to learn Old Norse from the Icelandic scholar Eiríkr Magnússon, and embarked with him on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is the first roller coaster of its kind in Germany. At a cost of 12 million euros,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
One 1966 game had a crowd of 413 fans; television announcer Red Barber was fired by the Yankees after	after	ADP	discussing	VERB	 discussing
Olive scandalizes and horrifies most of the audience and pageant judges with a burlesque performance that she joyfully performs while	while	SCONJ	oblivious	ADJ	 oblivious
US 12. Bus. US 31 followed Front Street northward back to the mainline US 31 at Walton Road	Road	PROPN	northwest	ADV	 northwest
Alternate versions of the story include Napoleon being unhappy about losing to the machine, playing the machine at a	a	DET	later	ADJ	 later
In rare cases improper implementation of water fluoridation can result in overfluoridation that causes outbreaks of acute fluoride poisoning,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
He allowed Soudan to pass unmolested, and focused his attention on the unescorted Royal Edward some 6 nautical miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
It was the most popular of Godwin's early works and the first time she had written a narrative from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ordered for the Royal Navy as HMS Phaeton, the cruiser was purchased by the Australian government and renamed prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Francis went on to represent New Zealand in rugby league, making him a dual code international. It is	is	AUX	unlikely	ADJ	 unlikely
With the passage of the first state highway bond issue in 1910, the Department of Engineering was directed to	to	PART	lay	VERB	 lay
A delay in releasing it occurred as the band were trying to negotiate with MTV, as Westfall commented:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" I Love You " charted at No. 23 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs in April 2000	2000	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The music video for Eminem's " We Made You " includes portions of the song where Eminem is singing	singing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The sweep included a walk off win in the final game of the series. The Mets and Pirates were	were	AUX	tied	VERB	 tied
The survivors were back at Truk on 20 February and the air group was disbanded. In the meantime,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On August 4, 2009, Larry Fessenden was announced as the director of the American remake. Fessenden was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Keibler guest starred on George Lopez on ABC. In the fall of 2007 Keibler appeared both in The Comebacks	Comebacks	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Out of a crew of at least 400, fewer than 35 escaped, a catastrophic casualty rate of over	over	ADP	90	NUM	 90
It is located in the Ballcourt Plaza, just south of the ballcourt. Zoomorph P is accompanied by an	an	DET	altar	NOUN	 altar
It encompasses a range of genres, including Christmas, adult contemporary, urban contemporary and religious music. "	"	PUNCT	All	PRON	 All
He held two offices in the royal household as well as performing other administrative duties for the king. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Now fast enough to accompany Japan's growing carrier fleet, she was reclassified as a fast battleship. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nothing is known of the work's provenance before the 1840s. Given the panels ' diminutive size — which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
On April 16, the match was made into an Extreme Rules match. On the January 2 Raw,	,	PUNCT	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
Pećanac's force remained intact after the German occupation of Serbia and supplemented its strength from Serb refugees fleeing Macedonia	Macedonia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
If the British people were ever to ask themselves what power they truly enjoyed under our political system they would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The stable homotopy groups πk are the product of cyclic groups of the infinite or prime power orders shown in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He believed that each individual athlete was different and tailored different workout routines to different athletes. He also scaled	scaled	VERB	his	PRON	 his
It was to be a low budget campaign. Each volunteer had to provide at his expense a horse,	,	PUNCT	rifle	NOUN	 rifle
The Tyrant Fossil appears only in the novel Resident Evil: Underworld. In the third Resident Evil live action	action	NOUN	film	NOUN	 film
A video game which followed up on the events of Insurrection was released in 2000. Entitled Star Trek:	:	PUNCT	Hidden	PROPN	 Hidden
The sequel has shown that my surmises were well founded, this proving to be the Comet we have lately	lately	ADV	observed	VERB	 observed
After finishing the Rayquaza bonus stage, a new Start Slot tile appears, which is simply labeled " Arrival	Arrival	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In the period immediately after the war, many teams in Europe were forced to wear unusual kits due to	to	ADP	clothing	NOUN	 clothing
Loosha knew that the clean environment of the garden would help Arianna recover from her disease, and fought the	the	DET	specter	NOUN	 specter
Within Oryzomyini, a 2006 phylogenetic analysis by Marcelo Weksler which used both morphological and DNA sequence data found some	some	DET	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
" The New York Times quoted Xinjiang Daily saying in May that 70 percent of the young Uyghurs had "	"	PUNCT	signed	VERB	 signed
On 15 April, following the conclusion of the fighting around Slater's Knoll, the 7th Brigade was relieved	relieved	VERB	by	ADP	 by
When, in 1948 the CGPM was charged with producing a coherent system of units of measure, definitions relating	relating	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The majority of Hungarian military units in Budapest and the countryside remained uninvolved, as the local commanders generally avoided	avoided	VERB	using	VERB	 using
A site in the Nantucket Sound recorded a wind gust to 61 mph (98 km / h).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Pacific Oceanic tectonic plates have plunged below the North American Plate in this part of North America for hundreds of	of	ADP	millions	NOUN	 millions
Although some critics considered the work overly graphic and profane, it was widely heralded for its realistic portrayal of	of	ADP	war	NOUN	 war
They did this successfully on the morning of 17 November and they turned west to hunt for Turkish shipping along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first freeway segment of M 21 on the east end was built from Wadhams to Port Huron in 1966	1966	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Ricketts ' share of the revenues from sales did not even provide him with the money to pay back Steinbeck	Steinbeck	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Collins sent the sapphires to Tiffany's in New York City, and to Amsterdam for evaluation; however,	,	PUNCT	those	DET	 those
By the morning of 24 January the colonial authorities had mobilised the white settler militia and redeployed regular military forces	forces	NOUN	south	ADV	 south
When his arm is torn off accidentally, Woody attempts to retrieve it and escape but is foiled by someone	someone	PRON	mysteriously	ADV	 mysteriously
The two dukes quickly disobeyed this order and withdrew the bulk of the English army to Calais, leaving some	some	DET	4,000	NUM	 4,000
Following the Mexican War of Independence, the missions were secularized and the land taken by the Mexican government.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The action favoured both contestants, as each wrestler alternated having the advantage. After Beefcake threw David Sammartino out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Buzz is usually represented as a stylized yellowjacket with yellow and black fur, white wings, a yellow head	head	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She is the wife of singer and musician Paul Hewson, known as Bono, from the rock group U2	U2	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the 2003 Spike Video Game Awards, Return of the King was nominated for two awards; " Best	Best	PROPN	Animation	PROPN	 Animation
The stage play was republished in 2006, using the Perfected Spelling System, as part of the first volume	volume	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 14 March, Premier Wen Jiabao reprimanded Bo during his annual press conference. Wen called the achievements of	of	ADP	Chongqing	PROPN	 Chongqing
In the United States, heavy rainfall prompted flood watches for most of west Texas. The National Weather Service	Service	PROPN	even	ADV	 even
" Be All My Sins Remember'd " achieved 9.52 out of 10 from the GateWorld fan rating, making it	it	PRON	one	NUM	 one
This satisfied some people, but some conservationists, such as Gifford Pinchot, Harry A. Slattery, and others	others	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kirkus Reviews called it " another grand tale of magic and mystery... and clicking along so smoothly that it	it	PRON	seems	VERB	 seems
However, there were many locals who had observed the economic impact the Drammen Line had on the southern part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Critics were generally positive towards " Black & Blue ". The majority of them praised the piano elements and	and	CCONJ	Wyatt	PROPN	 Wyatt
Castelli chose not to represent both artists at that time, but he would, in 1964, exhibit Warhol	Warhol	PROPN	works	NOUN	 works
Latoya Cross of Jet referred to the song as having a " smooth tempo " and being a continuation of	of	ADP	Fantasia	PROPN	 Fantasia
Zoot Suit Riot played at Eugene's Hult Center for the Performing Arts on April 12 and 13, 2014	2014	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Downtown's East 9th Street also doubled for New York in the climax of The Avengers (2012);	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Farr saw the 1946 colour version as poorer than the black and white original; he said it had lost	lost	VERB	its	PRON	 its
" after becoming frustrated by a last minute alteration to the show's teleprompter text. Wednesday 13 explained the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Direct current with a negatively charged electrode (DCEN) causes heat to build up on the electrode, increasing	increasing	VERB	the	DET	 the
He escapes imprisonment with the aid of the mercenary Pablo; and decides to enter the forest and find the	the	DET	Arumbayas	PROPN	 Arumbayas
Since its release, Final Fantasy Tactics has attracted a cult following. Fan communities dedicated to modding and balancing	balancing	VERB	the	DET	 the
In January 1995 a USAF flying board returned Wickson and May, who had been grounded since the incident,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
It was released on November 4, 2013, by Interscope Records as the second promotional single from the record	record	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 30 June 2015, the album was made available to stream with the launch of Apple Music, Apple	Apple	PROPN	's	PART	's
Rome's control over the city ended following the chaos of the Crisis of the Third Century, when the	the	DET	empire	NOUN	 empire
Although Shimer does not award graduate degrees, teachers could then earn professional development credit with the program; it	it	PRON	complements	VERB	 complements
The anti aircraft armament was reduced to a single 4 inch gun mounted on the island between the funnels as	as	SCONJ	Beatty	PROPN	 Beatty
According to Human Rights Watch, these laws effectively make Rwanda a one party state, as " under the	the	DET	guise	NOUN	 guise
However, when authorities notified Jackson's lawyers that they expected their investigation to continue at least through February,	,	PUNCT	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
After the song stops and the four girls are seen laying down tired, Spears turns around to them and	and	CCONJ	say	VERB	 say
Moore signed a deal to go uncredited on the film, and for his share of the income be given	given	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The smaller monastic church at Daphni, c. 1080, uses a simpler version of this plan. The katholikon	katholikon	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
By 1965, Billingham had still not convinced the Geelong branch of the Victorian Amateur Athletics Association (VAAA)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Three intermediate stations were to be provided: on Warwick Avenue at the junction with Warrington Avenue, Clifton Villas	Villas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Barbee located a crossing and conducted a brief raid against the Indians on the other side before returning to Scott	Scott	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In case of fire the hangar was intended to be divided by four sliding steel doors. Between the hangar	hangar	NOUN	spaces	NOUN	 spaces
There exist variants of the APP gene which are protective. Most cases of Alzheimer's disease do not exhibit	exhibit	VERB	autosomal	ADJ	 autosomal
Publishers Weekly gave the book a starred review, stating, " This subtle, brilliant examination of the period	period	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The fifth named storm of the 2003 – 04 South West Indian Ocean cyclone season, Elita developed in the	the	DET	Mozambique	PROPN	 Mozambique
It soon became problematic once the East Stand of the stadium was granted Grade II listing in July 1997.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Both requirements were later inherited by Poser criteria and McDonald criteria, whose 2010 version is currently in use.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The local extinction of the Alpine chough and the reduced range of red billed chough in the islands may have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
" According to Hamilton's mother, Hamilton only signed the deal because his father Jack was dying of cancer	cancer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The health problems shared with this breed include mitral valve disease, luxating patella, and hereditary eye issues such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Ebert opined that Citizen Kane is generally considered to be a " greater " film, but Casablanca is more	more	ADV	loved	ADJ	 loved
Throughout the month of May and into early June, ships carrying troops and war supplies continued to arrive at	at	ADP	Quebec	PROPN	 Quebec
That morning however 14 East India Company ships were seen arriving in Simon's Bay and the attack was cancelled	cancelled	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
, and he was '... saving them for the Curiosity Room at Hampton ' ". After graduation,	,	PUNCT	Sheppard	PROPN	 Sheppard
These drawings included a watercolour and pen and ink sketches of the living room, pen and ink sketches of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The United States moved for dismissal on the basis of lack of subject matter jurisdiction and failure to state a	a	DET	claim	NOUN	 claim
Although Imlay never married Wollstonecraft, he registered her as his wife at the American consulate to protect her once	once	ADV	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
After one year of arduous work García continues to lead the church, with ambition to fulfill a promise he	he	PRON	received	VERB	 received
The Lý court had not intervened when the Song general Di Qing (1008 – 1061) crushed the border	border	NOUN	rebellion	NOUN	 rebellion
The video ends with Rihanna on a boat shouting " Rihanna Navy! ", referring to her fan group	group	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Oort cloud is thought to be a remnant of the original protoplanetary disc that formed around the Sun approximately	approximately	ADV	4.6	NUM	 4.6
He also raised pigs for the Future Farmers of America organization. While still at school he sang and played	played	VERB	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
M 154 has existed on Harsens Island since 1931. The original routing started in the northeast corner of the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
According to Azim Premji University liberal studies faculty member S. V. Srinivas, Pathala Bhairavi was a blend of folklore	folklore	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In a region where valuable gold was plentiful, transportation was insecure and effective law and order was lacking,	,	PUNCT	travelers	NOUN	 travelers
After starring for the Michigan Wolverines football, where he once led the Big Ten Conference in rushing, he	he	PRON	went	VERB	 went
Love and Sky interfered in the contest several times. During the bout, as Kim and Laveaux stood on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
At 13: 30, General Trần Văn Đôn announced that a coup was taking place. Most of the	the	DET	officers	NOUN	 officers
The launch ceremony took place in a Marriott Hotel on 27 February 2010. The first DVD was released by	by	ADP	M.	PROPN	 M.
The Hungry Saw was the first new Tindersticks material in five years. Two songs from the album, "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This mechanism evolved once, and is the defining feature (synapomorphy) for the infraclass Neoptera. There are	are	VERB	two	NUM	 two
After the second year, as the child begins to see the caregiver as an independent person, a more	more	ADV	complex	ADJ	 complex
After an intersection with Shaver Road, US 131 widens into a full freeway which passes the Gourdneck State Game	Game	PROPN	Area	PROPN	 Area
They provided the only access for ocean going vessels to Biscayne Bay until artificial channels were dredged starting early in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both scenes featured the actors standing over a supine Scully, wearing white United States Navy dress uniforms. Also	Also	ADV	deleted	VERB	 deleted
Mother India is generally regarded as Nargis's best performance and was her last major film, before retirement after	after	ADP	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
The resulting circuit of walls followed the line of the former Roman and Anglo Saxon defences, incorporating them where	where	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Spiller's touchdown cut Georgia Tech's lead to 23 – 20. But as quickly as Clemson scored,	,	PUNCT	Georgia	PROPN	 Georgia
Salon.com states that the games helped an 8 year old guitarist learn sensitivity to rhythm, as well as develop	develop	VERB	the	DET	 the
Two events during the final month of the trial may have been particularly influential: On September 23, 1949	1949	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Reflecting the basic properties of ZnO, fine particles of the oxide have deodorizing and antibacterial properties and for that	that	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
On June 2, 2011, Phillip was sentenced to 431 years to life imprisonment; his wife, Nancy	Nancy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During the playoffs Hosmer hit six home runs, which was individually, the second highest total in a single	single	ADJ	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
In 2001 Stephen Weiner included I Never Liked You in his book The 101 Best Graphic Novels, recommending it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
P.1127 (RAF) Development V / STOL ground attack and reconnaissance fighter, six built as pre production evaluation	evaluation	NOUN	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
As he began his sophomore season, he was considered the lone bright spot on Texas Tech's offense.	.	PUNCT	Tolliver	PROPN	 Tolliver
LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 for his role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Quia respexit humilitatem (Because he has looked upon the humility) is an aria sung by soprano I with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
1,088 arrests were made in the city between September and December 2009; 270 of these were in September,	,	PUNCT	303	NUM	 303
He recorded one assist in 48 games in the 1937 – 38 season. Partway through his second season with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Burges later designed the Council Chamber, added in 1867, and in 1881 began work on Connaught Hall in	in	ADP	Dover	PROPN	 Dover
It helped me move faster on the football field. " Michigan track coach Fred LaPlante said Robinson had one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The career of the character Daniel Baciagalupo / Danny Angel in the novel bears numerous similarities to that of John	John	PROPN	Irving	PROPN	 Irving
It included stained glass and decorated floor tiles. There was also a portable altar of Purbeck Marble; it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Like most ironclads of their era they were equipped with a metal reinforced ram. Thétis measured 69.03 meters (	(	PUNCT	226	NUM	226
Lead exposure has also been associated with a decrease in activity of immune cells such as polymorphonuclear leukocytes. Lead	Lead	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Four days later on SmackDown, Henry defeated Randy Orton to earn a spot in the number one contenders '	'	PART	Elimination	PROPN	 Elimination
Five tubes joined together by hinged joints float semi submerged on the surface of the ocean and move relative to	to	ADP	each	DET	 each
" Rex Reed of The New York Observer professed that despite its occasional incomprehensibility, the movie was " technically	technically	ADV	superb	ADJ	 superb
Rituals for a god were often based in that deity's mythology. Such rituals were meant to be repetitions	repetitions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Greutert said in a Demon FM interview that Lionsgate told him a week before filming, that Saw VI would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
A relative of the ruling Palaiologos dynasty, he was appointed commander in chief in Asia Minor in 1293 and	and	CCONJ	for	ADP	 for
Regardless the Australians had prevailed not least of all because of their unexpected ability to fight in close terrain,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Reviews for the film were positive; Tanmaya Nanda of Business Standard praised the film's feminist tone, and	and	CCONJ	wrote	VERB	 wrote
As of June 2016, it is the fourth most popular language. It was ranked as Programming Language of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Copeland ran away from home for three days and stayed with a friend, while Bartell filed the emancipation papers	papers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another 2010 remake of the original is the Spanish language " Somos El Mundo ". It was written by	by	ADP	Emilio	PROPN	 Emilio
Moynihan had originally submitted an idea to the outline writers, who in turn worked with him and rewrote it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
Mercer received word that Mawhood was leading his troops back across the bridge and back to Princeton. Mercer,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
The song was nominated for two Grammy Awards: Best Hard Rock Performance with Vocal and Best Rock Song.	.	PUNCT	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
The new Southern Rhodesian government immediately purchased the land from the British Treasury for £2 million, and ten	ten	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The class comprised three ships named after German cities: Königsberg, Karlsruhe, and Köln, all built between	between	ADP	1926	NUM	 1926
However, part of her could appreciate that Hilson does what she wants and that she is confident enough to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
The group also threatened terrorist attacks against cinemas that showed the film. Major cinema chains opted not to release	release	VERB	the	DET	 the
The issue was still ongoing in 2014. Weinberg played on only a couple of tracks on Springsteen's March	March	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
Musicologist Glenn Pillsbury stated the guitar work on the album was a mixture of Mustaine's " controlled chaos "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It is commonly known as the collared earthstar, the saucered earthstar, or the triple earthstar — and less	less	ADV	commonly	ADV	 commonly
This office he carried on dutifully and without incident until the death of Augustus in 14. Little is known	known	VERB	about	ADP	 about
The low oxygen level leads to excessive strain on the right side of the heart, known as cor pulmonale	pulmonale	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Patrick Seale, Abu Nidal's biographer, wrote of the shootings that their " random cruelty marked them as	as	ADP	typical	ADJ	 typical
Nothing more was heard of them until mid May, when the owners, who had by then assumed the	the	DET	vessel	NOUN	 vessel
Michael Blowen of The Boston Globe wrote that the documentary " captures the absurdity of Millennium ' 73 ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
To rebuild the damaged parts of the site, the relevant approval from Dacorum Borough Council would be needed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In January 2014, All Things Must Pass was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame. Music journalist John	John	PROPN	Harris	PROPN	 Harris
Darius then died whilst preparing to march on Egypt, and the throne of Persia passed to his son Xerxes	Xerxes	PROPN	I.	PROPN	 I.
" Michigan opened the season with a 58 – 0 win over DePauw, followed by a 69 – 0	0	NUM	victory	NOUN	 victory
The Axis positions were well dug in, behind mines and barbed wire, supported by machine guns and artillery	artillery	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With three 900 horsepower (670 kW) and two 925 horsepower (690 kW) diesel engines, the	the	DET	upgraded	VERB	 upgraded
The options for the new stadium included adding a third tier to the existing National Stadium, or moving to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
By June 1917, the King's neutrality policy had become so untenable that she and other members of the	the	DET	Greek	ADJ	 Greek
The director told the studio that he did not need a composer and would buy various songs instead. They	They	PRON	agreed	VERB	 agreed
South Dakota provided the convoy with protection until its arrival in France on 12 May. Kroonland returned to New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
When the British gained control of Indiana, the entire region was in the middle of Pontiac's Rebellion.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Sandie Angulo Chen of Common Sense Media opined, " As for the dramatic tension, it's best in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the red flag was lifted, only twelve minutes of the session remained and all drivers took to the	the	DET	track	NOUN	 track
When all the plans had been pulled together and the timing worked out, the raid was expected to last	last	VERB	no	ADV	 no
The band of warriors, under Black Hawk, moved toward the militia; when they were within 30 yards	yards	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Coloman's decrees, which moderated the severity of Ladislaus I's laws, also contradict to the chroniclers '	'	PART	report	NOUN	 report
Other labels included " preachy " and " too long ". Child reviews sent into CBBC were mixed,	,	PUNCT	some	PRON	 some
In 1864, calling nonmetals ' metalloids ' was still sanctioned ' by the best authorities ' even though this	this	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Therefore, the Soviet State never considered it reasonable to pass special legislative acts protecting the material and legal part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Sun resides in one of the Milky Way's outer spiral arms, known as the Orion – Cygnus	Cygnus	PROPN	Arm	PROPN	 Arm
When Blackstone died, his will directed the disposition of his assets that amounted to US $6 million (	(	PUNCT	$	SYM	$
The ensuing Battle of Klokotnitsa was a crushing victory for the Bulgarian ruler, who took Theodore and many of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Related was Taumata o Rehua, also called Pukawanui, the Mirror of Rehua, formed from an undefined group	group	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Overall, there are about 188 individual character models in the movie as a result of these cameo inclusions.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
" Beach Games " was written by co executive producer Jennifer Celotta and series creator Greg Daniels, and was	was	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
The Aqueduct bridge of Segovia and the Pont de les Ferreres are of roughly similar length but use far fewer	fewer	ADJ	arches	NOUN	 arches
Beyond Leach Highway, Tonkin Highway continues past industrial properties for 1.3 kilometres (0.81 mi), reaching the	the	DET	interchange	NOUN	 interchange
He settled first in Rome, then in Paris, where for a little over three years he lectured on	on	ADP	Slavic	PROPN	 Slavic
The record did have its detractors: British music publication New Musical Express (NME) gave the record a	a	DET	very	ADV	 very
The first 20 of these were displayed off site in Marlborough House in 1856. The stipulation in Turner's	's	PART	will	NOUN	 will
Matters came to a head when the 1912 Delhi – Lahore Conspiracy, led by erstwhile Jugantar member Rash Behari	Behari	PROPN	Bose	PROPN	 Bose
As a cosmopolitan, mercantile city Trieste was a probable hub of illicit trade, and Francesco was forced to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
The gills are ascending adnate (the gills attach at much less than a right angle, appearing to curve	curve	VERB	upward	ADV	 upward
Their half sister Furious was the same length, but had a beam of 88 feet (26.8 m)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" In a different scene, Andy seeks to write a song for Li'l Sebastian that is 5,000 times better	better	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Criswell Radovan was aiming to reopen the property in conjunction with what would have been Sinatra's 99th birthday on	on	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
These were intervention stores of products bought up by the Community to maintain minimum price levels. To dispose of	of	ADP	surplus	NOUN	 surplus
His range of interest and enquiry included vivisection, vegetarianism, religion, language, cinema and photography, on	on	ADP	all	PRON	 all
There are many mutations described in LRRK2, however unequivocal proof of causation only exists for a few. Several	Several	ADJ	Parkinson	PROPN	 Parkinson
The castle was receiving over 100,000 visitors a year by 2005, more than in previous decades. The castle	castle	NOUN	traditionally	ADV	 traditionally
American Gangster was nominated for twenty one awards, including two Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction and Best	Best	PROPN	Supporting	VERB	 Supporting
An influential travelogue by Rev. William Henry Harrison Murray was published in 1868 and praised the Adirondacks for the relaxing	relaxing	VERB	effects	NOUN	 effects
She became a protégé of House Speaker Tip O'Neil, established a rapport with other House Democratic leaders, and	and	CCONJ	rose	VERB	 rose
She presented a written statement instead: " Today so called aliens are deported. Tomorrow native Americans will be	be	AUX	banished	VERB	 banished
The carrier intends to add new flights to São Paulo (FY2014 / 15), Toronto (FY2015 /	/	SYM	16	NUM	 16
Encounters with the natives and reports of Europeans shooting them feature in the area's history and mythology. Stephen	Stephen	PROPN	Dry	PROPN	 Dry
The upper courtyard was key to the way that the main house functioned: it linked almost all the ground	ground	NOUN	floor	NOUN	 floor
The division's heavier equipment was carried in thirty General Aircraft Hamilcar gliders. Twenty of these would carry Tetrarch	Tetrarch	PROPN	light	ADJ	 light
In the Val di Chiana, the children of the family were blindfolded and commanded to beat the burning log	log	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In addition to these transcripts, the extracts mentioned above made by other early writers have been used to help	help	VERB	assemble	VERB	 assemble
It was decided that the border should follow the Philippopolis Chernomen Sozopol line. The agreement was finally signed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This indicates that Australian historian Russell Brown has expressed doubt regarding the veracity of Marseille's claims. Marseille's	's	PART	151	NUM	 151
Ine kept the South Saxons, who had been conquered by Cædwalla in 686, in subjugation for a period	period	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " entered the Dutch charts on July 9, 1983, charting within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
He even went as far as saying that there was no " interaction between " the two characters. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The unitary districts of North Somerset and Bath & North East Somerset are instead covered by the Avon Fire and	and	CCONJ	Rescue	PROPN	 Rescue
It opens with a countdown of " 5, 4, 3, 2, 1: Thunderbirds Are Go	Go	VERB	!	PUNCT	!
The film, with a single row of perforations engaged by an electrically powered sprocket wheel, was drawn continuously	continuously	ADV	beneath	ADP	 beneath
The song first appeared on Radio Disney before its official US radio and single release in October 1999. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
According to Georges Hulin de Loo, Hand G's contributions to the Turin Milan Hours " constitute the most	most	ADV	marvelous	ADJ	 marvelous
She had two sister ships, España and Jaime I. Alfonso XIII was built by the SECN shipyard; she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
I just thought, well, I'll be famous. That was my goal. " In 1961,	,	PUNCT	Holt	PROPN	 Holt
His praise of the episode went to Ryan and Evans: although he thought of Christina as a " shameless	shameless	ADJ	Lara	PROPN	 Lara
The trail follows forest tracks, mountain paths, boreens and quiet country roads. Mountains, upland lakes and	and	CCONJ	steep	ADJ	 steep
The Kobe City Central Wholesale Market (ja: 神戸市中央卸売市場) is located on Nakanojima Island, in the southeastern	southeastern	ADJ	corner	NOUN	 corner
During this early phase, two tropical cyclones dissipated and another became extratropical across the western Pacific basin; this	this	PRON	caused	VERB	 caused
This subsequently convinces the group that harboring Randall poses an imminent threat. Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) has	has	AUX	concluded	VERB	 concluded
Excavated meat ant nests show that banded sugar ants will also inhabit them. Banded sugar ants are the dominant	dominant	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
In the middle of the mall is the replica of the cupola on the original Austin building. The varsity	varsity	NOUN	athletics	NOUN	 athletics
Attendances have generally risen for the Wigan Warriors since the start of the 2002 season, averaging around 14,000 over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Having been based in Maadi Camp since early June, the battalion left Egypt on 6 October as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two digit U.S. Routes follow a simple grid in the contiguous United States, in which odd numbered routes	routes	NOUN	run	VERB	 run
" Following the war, he settled in Georgetown, Washington, D.C. for two years with his wife and	and	CCONJ	young	ADJ	 young
In May 2007, the women's tennis team won the NCAA National Championship with a 4 – 2 victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Coma and seizures represent the most advanced stage; cerebral oedema (swelling of the brain tissue) leads to	to	ADP	death	NOUN	 death
Manorama played the wildly expressive, loud talking but tender hearted folk dancer Karuppayi, who has to contend with	with	ADP	living	VERB	 living
The city's name literally means the " gateway to heaven " in Sanskrit, as Dwar means " gate	gate	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Kohli followed it with a score of 54 in India's second innings on the fifth day, helping his	his	PRON	team	NOUN	 team
On March 10, he earned a record tying (Kenny Anderson and Tyler Hansbrough) tenth ACC rookie of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to the 2010 census, the city's population was 52,838, while that of the city and surrounding	surrounding	VERB	metropolitan	ADJ	 metropolitan
Muse then appeared and proceeded to sing the official song of London 2012, " Survival ". In the	the	DET	darkness	NOUN	 darkness
Contador padded his lead over Riccò slightly in short time trial in Stage 16, and stayed out of trouble	trouble	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Particular attention to the environment is also required, due to the several water supply and natural heritage zones.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By the time the group was recording The Wall in 1979, Waters had become frustrated that Wright was not	not	PART	contributing	VERB	 contributing
Ratchet: Deadlocked was released in 2005. While Insomniac was handling the development of the Ratchet & Clank franchise	franchise	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The term has been in use since at least the early 18th century. At least 55,000 women and girls	girls	NOUN	worked	VERB	 worked
), is " waywardly constructed despite its relative brevity ". It is episodic, emphasizing a descending chromatic	chromatic	ADJ	scale	NOUN	 scale
Upon moving ashore, the storm produced a minor storm surge peaking at 3.22 feet (0.98 m) at	at	ADP	Pleasure	PROPN	 Pleasure
Furthermore, Governor Dobbs was concerned for his own investments, as he owned more than 200,000 acres (81,000	81,000	NUM	ha	NOUN	 ha
" Justice Grier, again riding circuit, reportedly stated: " If the Supreme Court of the United States	States	PROPN	ca	AUX	 ca
The Tron was built to house the congregation of St Giles ', which had been raised to cathedral status	status	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Unreachable " combines a piano line and vintage Chamberlin sounds with lyrics dealing with regrets about rushing into a	a	DET	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
" Despite this, until the 16th National Congress the CPC's anti corruption system was based on campaign style	style	NOUN	events	NOUN	 events
He added: " It ’ s fun to see more about his pampering of Burns, and it ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
The next day the regiment moved forward alone and established a line of observation posts between Beit Dejan and Safiriyeh	Safiriyeh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The TSO was required to submit to United States immigration authorities all the names of its musicians and other staff	staff	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
At one point, while aboard HMS Mercury, she anchored off New York, where, among other visitors	visitors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Trees and brush were cut down along the border to clear lines of sight for the guards and to eliminate	eliminate	VERB	cover	NOUN	 cover
Near the end of his life, Richard P. Feynman gave a series of lectures on QED intended for the	the	DET	lay	ADJ	 lay
Gradually during millions of years, crustal rocks were folded and fractured and the seas driven away. This same	same	ADJ	bending	NOUN	 bending
" In 2009, Julia Llewellyn Smith from The Daily Telegraph commented that " Shakira makes comparable Spanish English '	'	PART	crossover	NOUN	 crossover
In 1929, Edward Bernays helped the Lucky Strike cigarette brand increase its sales among the female demographic. Research	Research	PROPN	showed	VERB	 showed
At the age of thirteen Ketèlbey composed his first serious piece of music, " Sonata for Pianoforte ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
As a part of this, the Australian forces were concentrated into a 7 mile (11 km) perimeter	perimeter	NOUN	centred	VERB	 centred
Filming Raiders of the Lost Ark in Tunisia left Spielberg bored, and memories of his childhood creation resurfaced.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In 1982, Killebrew received 59.3% of the vote, taking a backseat to Hank Aaron and Frank Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He returned to Davenport briefly in the summer of 1922, then moved to Chicago to join the Cascades Band	Band	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The original image was taken in black and white, and Heiden experimented with a variety of treatments of the	the	DET	photo	NOUN	 photo
Although the sledging rations intended for Shackleton's depots had been landed, the ten stranded men were left with	with	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Performance bonds were paid in cash, bypassing Branleygran, and the companies hired Foster's Industrial and Detective Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	to	PART	 to
" According to Shimizu, their relationship lasted many years and continued even while Jolie was romantically involved with other	other	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
On the upper right the lowest energy conformation of the current decoy is shown; below that is the true	true	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
On one day during his treatments, as his wife was wheeling him down a hospital corridor, Cullen went	went	VERB	into	ADP	 into
By 0900 UTC on October 19, the hurricane watches in effect for Dominica, Martinique, and Guadeloupe were	were	AUX	all	ADV	 all
In 1999, Six Flags Great Adventure spent $42 million on new attractions including a prototype Floorless Coaster,	,	PUNCT	Medusa	PROPN	 Medusa
Each neighbourhood in the town has at least one primary school, while secondary schools are distributed around the town	town	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It debuted at number four on the Dutch Albums Chart, and number five on the Swiss Albums Chart.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Due to EEA rules, the judicial age limit was 65 years, so Color Air was able to hire	hire	VERB	retired	VERB	 retired
In 1897, a bill was introduced in the Michigan legislature asking for a 10 year closed season on passenger	passenger	NOUN	pigeons	NOUN	 pigeons
Edward's rapprochement towards the earl had in fact started earlier, when on 2 November 1313, the king	king	NOUN	pardoned	VERB	 pardoned
The film was described as a variant of Enoch Arden by one reviewer, but it differs in its execution	execution	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
If the cloud moved away from his village without discharging hail, it meant that the oblačar had overpowered the	the	DET	aždaja	NOUN	 aždaja
Transfer to the Oslo Tramway is possible from Oslo S, Nationaltheatret, Skøyen and Grefsen. At Moss,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
By the end of the day the 2nd Guards Brigade had reached Jajce. The civilian population of Jajce was	was	AUX	evacuated	VERB	 evacuated
Wait! Best out of three. " The song references drugs both metaphorically and literally, and innocently delivers	delivers	VERB	a	DET	 a
It took place between Indonesia's declaration of independence in 1945 and the Dutch recognition of Indonesia's independence at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
At a shire mustering at Kilpatrick in 1696, MacAulay of Ardincaple was selected as Captain of the company above	above	ADP	Leven	PROPN	 Leven
A later review of 16 fatal fires, from the Blackwater fire in 1937 through 1956, led managers of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Prisoners then decided to stage a further protest in the chapel the following day, 1 April. Prison officers	officers	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Attractions on the coast include the Lynton and Lynmouth Cliff Railway, which connects Lynton to neighbouring picturesque Lynmouth at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins, a nurse who begins a friendship with Leslie after she and her collaborate to	to	PART	turn	VERB	 turn
The visual effects team retouched shots of Los Angeles City Hall — on which construction was completed in 1928 —	—	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Captains are generally senior pilots who have previously flown the RAAF's Boeing C 17 Globemaster, Lockheed C 130	130	NUM	Hercules	PROPN	 Hercules
It is also the capital of the West Coast Division of Sabah. The city is located on the northwest	northwest	ADJ	coast	NOUN	 coast
In the Carpathian Mountains of southern Poland, variants of borscht are also made in which the tart taste comes	comes	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Pucar referred to the district's insurgents as the " Prijedor Company ", the bulk of which were villagers	villagers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In addition, Grimm says that a wagon was once ascribed to Hel, with which Hel made journeys	journeys	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She also appeared in the 2013 Robert Redford film The Company You Keep and modelled for Guess Kids clothing.	.	PUNCT	Evancho	PROPN	 Evancho
Violence between loyal royal forces, mutinous members of the royal Gardes Françaises and local crowds broke out at Vendôme	Vendôme	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Following the sale the offices of the LNC, renamed Brookwood Cemetery Ltd at this time, were moved into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Manchester Small Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM) was designed to show that the system was a practical storage	storage	NOUN	device	NOUN	 device
The second dorsal fin is about three quarters as high as the first and larger than the anal fin.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He is received by the burgomaster and praised by the minister. By his night's heroism he has made	made	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
Over the next two weeks, the USN used the Scorpio and the Deep Drone ROVs to search the ocean	ocean	NOUN	bottom	NOUN	 bottom
" Kathryn Hughes, writing in The Guardian, observes that Acton has been set up as " the saint	saint	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The stones vary in size from about 1.5 feet (0.46 m) square (Carthage) to about 6	6	NUM	by	ADP	 by
The University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute and the Life Sciences Institute are located at the university. The Institute	Institute	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
It has also reached the top ten in the United States. The song has received critical acclaim for its	its	PRON	fun	NOUN	 fun
Dyer has stated Monroe's star image was created mainly for the male gaze and that she usually played "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The flag has to be flown from a staff affixed firmly either on the middle front or to the front	front	ADJ	right	ADJ	 right
Leaders ' ideological power was based on apparent access to deities and the supernatural. Evidence regarding Norte Chico religion	religion	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
It runs from US Highway 131 (US 131) at exit 61 outside of Bradley to M 43 just	just	ADV	west	ADV	 west
No fighter seaplanes were ever embarked on Commandant Teste, although the Loire 210 floatplane was designed for the role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Don Kent went on to team with Bruno Bekkar, and later Johnny Heffernan (a storyline cousin of Roy	Roy	PROPN	Heffernan	PROPN	 Heffernan
Up received universal acclaim, with most reviewers commending the humor and heart of the film. Edward Asner was	was	AUX	praised	VERB	 praised
When Savoy was approached to open a second restaurant in Vegas, he initially said no, until Caesars told	told	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He made his debut as a 57th minute substitute in a 2 – 2 draw with former club Northwich the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Time passes and Samus receives a distress signal from a dormant " Bottle Ship, " which floats a short	short	ADJ	distance	NOUN	 distance
Raphael encounters Casey, who reveals his knowledge of Raphael's double identity and joins him in hunting criminals.	.	PUNCT	Winters	NOUN	 Winters
Arnold shouted " Not Yet " and shot and killed the solder. He then ran off with his troops	troops	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The next day, Roger calls Ken into his office and bluntly tells Ken to stop writing in his spare	spare	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
In December 2002 it was scheduled to be broadcast on TVRI in commemoration of Human Rights Day, but pulled	pulled	VERB	at	ADP	 at
AllMusic said that " instead of doing something calculated like emulating Nirvana or Pearl Jam — or for that matter	matter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although the amendment was defeated, a later measure to give women the right to vote in presidential and municipal	municipal	ADJ	elections	NOUN	 elections
If another player in the interim successfully scores exactly 31, and properly announces it, that player wins the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
In January 1959 the Alliance Property Company announced the successful takeover of the London Necropolis Company, bringing over a	a	DET	century	NOUN	 century
This small hirundine has grey brown upperparts with a somewhat darker brown head and white underparts heavily streaked with blackish	blackish	ADJ	brown	NOUN	 brown
Coconut crabs mate frequently and quickly on dry land in the period from May to September, especially between early	early	ADJ	June	PROPN	 June
Kierkegaard also published another discourse during the printing of the second edition of Either / Or in 1849. Kierkegaard	Kierkegaard	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
She attended Camrose Normal School in 1914, after which she taught in Edgerton and near Tofield until 1918.	.	PUNCT	Disillusioned	VERB	 Disillusioned
His latest album, Tetsuo & Youth, was released in January 2015. In addition to music, Fiasco	Fiasco	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
" He would come. He would. Just walk into my life, see me and fall everlastingly in	in	ADP	love	NOUN	 love
" Chicago Sun Times writer Thomas Conner gave a negative review of the song, stating, " She collaborated	collaborated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
There is also a co operative multiplayer mode, in which two players team up to accomplish various challenges and	and	CCONJ	fight	VERB	 fight
I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse (2014), and features rapper Wale. The track was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Hush, Sweet Charlotte (1964). As well as her film career, de Havilland continued her work	work	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The B 52 was designed and built by Boeing, which has continued to provide support and upgrades. It	It	PRON	has	AUX	 has
" Additionally, Captain Richard R. Fuhs an Operations Officer in the 42nd Security Police Squadron (SPS) stated	stated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
When the pair bring Sally inside, the hitchhiker recognizes her and taunts her. The men torment the bound	bound	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" Allman had no idea the intro was written in 11 / 4 time — " I just saw it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
The roof of the Park Grill, upon which Cloud Gate sits, had to be strong enough to bear	bear	VERB	the	DET	 the
After negotiations stalled over a demand for amnesty, a rescue operation saved 29 hostages and led to 10 inmate	inmate	NOUN	deaths	NOUN	 deaths
A second howitzer was turned around 45 minutes later, augmenting the fire of the first. The Americans expended	expended	VERB	1,400	NUM	 1,400
British comics author Neil Gaiman has said that he included transgender characters in his works, such as Sandman,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
AAS is useful in cases of suspected heavy metal poisoning such as with arsenic, lead, mercury, and	and	CCONJ	cadmium	NOUN	 cadmium
The keep comprises a central circular tower, 62 feet (19 m) in diameter, with six,	,	PUNCT	large	ADJ	 large
He begins his theory of evolution with the universe once consisting of equal and similar elements. According to Tusi	Tusi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She divided $300 with Shallenberger and Fuller before they left. However, sheriff's deputies arrived prior to	to	ADP	Julian	ADJ	 Julian
In February 2009, Mauboy signed with UK record label Ministry of Sound. Been Waiting was released in Japan	Japan	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
On 14 January 1943, he claimed his 150th aerial victory. This led to the presentation of the Picture	Picture	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In the first match, Tallon played as a batsman while Saggers kept wicket. Saggers scored only eight in	in	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
Her music has been well received among conservative commentators and members of the Tea Party movement for its political message	message	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The last tunnel in this system was built in 1932. These tunnels drain more than 32 square miles (	(	PUNCT	83	NUM	83
As the Cold War set in, enthusiasm in the United States for an alliance with Britain cooled as well	well	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Jeff Rothschild was responsible for Lohan's vocal recording, which occurred at the Henson Recording Studios in Hollywood,	,	PUNCT	California	PROPN	 California
The vowels in such syllables are usually short; in conversation they may be reduced to [ə],	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
International human rights defenders such as Walter Reich have long recorded the methods by which Soviet psychiatrists in Psikhushka hospitals	hospitals	NOUN	diagnosed	VERB	 diagnosed
After the opening kickoff, Chappell led the Hoosiers on a six minute, 77 yard drive capped by a	a	DET	5	NUM	 5
V. Rao, Challa Shankar Rao and Tulasi Films acquired the screening rights in Vishakhapatnam, East Godavari district,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Rudolph Cartier had emigrated from Germany in the 1930s to escape its Nazi regime, and joined the staff of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The International Code of Botanical Nomenclature permits the recognition of two (or more) names for one and the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
In those days, the diamond trade was nearly always combined with the trade in pearls, other articles of	of	ADP	luxury	NOUN	 luxury
Louis's separate ducal court was first mentioned in a royal charter of 1340. Charles I died on 16	16	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
The chassis bottoms are also engraved differently from the 2010 models. The Thunderbolt serial bus platform can achieve speeds	speeds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1962, all Grosset & Dunlap books become " picture covers ", books with artwork and advertising printed	printed	VERB	directly	ADV	 directly
Du Bois and his supporters opposed the Atlanta compromise, an agreement crafted by Booker T. Washington which provided that	that	SCONJ	Southern	ADJ	 Southern
" Tension developed between Roosevelt and Barkley during the war, however. In 1943, Roosevelt refused to appoint	appoint	VERB	Barkley	PROPN	 Barkley
The men were rescued. The ship was particularly popular in New Zealand, where crowds flocked to visit her	her	PRON	as	SCONJ	 as
Ann C. Crispin's novel The Hutt Gambit (1997) explains how Jabba the Hutt and Han Solo become	become	VERB	business	NOUN	 business
This Progress spacecraft remained undocked for the duration of STS 97, parked in orbit about a mile away from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Music writer Bill Dahl described the songs as " the first sign of the T Bone Walker that blues guitar	guitar	NOUN	aficionados	NOUN	 aficionados
Article 6 of the European Convention of Human Rights, to which Australia is not a party, also guarantees	guarantees	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" Director of photography Bill Roe later stated that he borrowed motifs from Steven Soderbergh's 2000 film Traffic for	for	ADP	some	PRON	 some
The issues in this internal split were the same issues raised in the internal split within the Communist League.	.	PUNCT	Marx	PROPN	 Marx
Bush entered office with the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 10,587, and the average peaked in October 2007 at	at	ADP	over	ADP	 over
His was awarded the Vezina Trophy for the most outstanding goaltender by the NHL general managers, but he was	was	AUX	second	ADJ	 second
Due to misunderstandings caused by the 2009 publication of the star's 15% contraction, Betelgeuse has frequently been	been	AUX	the	DET	 the
District affiliated congregations are under the direct supervision of district officials but are encouraged to develop into fully self governing	governing	VERB	churches	NOUN	 churches
The idea for the ending of the episode was to have none of the characters learn anything from the experience	experience	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The crew consisted of 39 officers and enlisted men. The boats were powered by a Parsons steam turbine driving	driving	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Additional polar bear hunting was filmed in March 1933 off Cape Lisburne. The bowhead whale hunt was filmed from	from	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
Without analyzing the film in detail, Isaac Asimov spoke well of Space Odyssey in his autobiography, and other	other	ADJ	essays	NOUN	 essays
As part of post war reclamation, the old pier was demolished. Work commenced in February 1954 on a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
In the eight round of the competition Dzinziruk scored a knockdown. The three judges gave the fight a score	score	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Retro Gamer took a look back at Ninja Gaiden in its March 2004 issue, in the midst of the	the	DET	release	NOUN	 release
The commissioners are elected county wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four year term. One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
That's what converted me. When I read that in the report in the courtroom in Toronto, I	I	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Cooper retires to bed at his hotel room, and experiences a strange dream featuring the one armed man,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
After peak intensity, Hermine weakened slightly to a 65 mph (105 km / h) tropical storm.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The reverse side of the flag had the Großkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes (" Grand Cross of the Iron Cross	Cross	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Following a banked left turn, the train makes a quick drop before entering the final brake run leading back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Unibody construction first went into mass production in the 1934 Citroën Traction Avant, the 1936 Lincoln Zephyr, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The bowlers agreed they could, and that it might prove effective. Jardine also visited Frank Foster who had	had	AUX	toured	VERB	 toured
Two hundred emergency personnel responded to the storm. Consolidated Edison (conEdison) crews were sent out to repair	repair	VERB	downed	ADJ	 downed
In a subsequent 3 – 2 loss against the Bridgeport Sound Tigers on November 5, the Bears allowed a	a	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Then Yertle decides to expand his kingdom and commands more and more turtles to add to his throne. Mack	Mack	PROPN	makes	VERB	 makes
Many of Waugh's friends and admirers gave the book unstinting praise, among them Rebecca West, Lady Diana	Diana	PROPN	Cooper	PROPN	 Cooper
She was part of the junior national team again in 2011 and in July, she was invited to be	be	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
Stewart commented, " Baconnaise, for people who want to get heart disease but, you know, too	too	ADV	lazy	ADJ	 lazy
The newly formed 40th Reconnaissance Squadron manned the bombers. One B 17 turned back, but two made it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
This condition is believed to be due to calcification of the arteries resulting in abnormally high blood pressure readings with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Igbo were known by planters and slavers of the American South for being fiercely independent and resistant to chattel	chattel	NOUN	slavery	NOUN	 slavery
The site chosen was Rackhay Yard, a roughly rectangular empty site behind a row of medieval houses and to	to	ADP	one	NUM	 one
He received enormous acclaim for his recordings with legendary flamenco singer Camarón de la Isla in the 1970s, recording	recording	VERB	ten	NUM	 ten
Other musicians have also adapted elements from Led Zeppelin's attitude to clothes, jewellery and hair, such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The final game was in Belfast against Northern Ireland during a tense period of The Troubles. Jimmy Quinn put	put	VERB	Northern	PROPN	 Northern
He was nevertheless nominated to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1895 by the Free Trade Premier, George	George	PROPN	Reid	PROPN	 Reid
It was written by the show creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Tim Van Patten	Patten	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Ballistics took cues from other futuristic racing games, such as WipEout and Rollcage, emulating the fun and the	the	DET	speed	NOUN	 speed
According to the art historian Justin Wintle, " a single horizontal diagonal rhythm [leads] us from the	the	DET	dead	NOUN	 dead
Kirkus reviews said, " The sardonic tone of the narrator's voice lends a refreshing air of realism to	to	ADP	this	PRON	 this
Extension of the Metrolink network was intended to be continuous with successive expansion phases delivered in strict order of priority	priority	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The show is a lavish event with elaborate costumed lingerie, varying music by leading entertainers, and set design	design	NOUN	according	VERB	 according
The real Dean shoots his doppelganger with a shotgun, but he returns to life as a demon. The	The	DET	Dream	PROPN	 Dream
US made aluminum cylinders usually have a standard working pressure of 3,000 pounds per square inch (210 bar)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Headshrinker Samu was eliminated first after he bit several of the balloons being carried by his opponents. He was	was	AUX	purposely	ADV	 purposely
More film roles promptly followed, with appearances in the studio production My New Gun, and a small role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Discussing the subsequent film version, Pauline Kael wrote that Leigh and Marlon Brando gave " two of the greatest	greatest	ADJ	performances	NOUN	 performances
The phrase is attributed to advertising agent and Liberal parliamentary candidate Adrian Slade. The slogan was memorable, but	but	CCONJ	considered	VERB	 considered
Because of its diverse elements, the film has defied efforts at genre classification, being variously referred to as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
" However, as the series progresses, Tom's inventions " show an increasingly independent genius as he develops	develops	VERB	devices	NOUN	 devices
After the sailboat, Larson's pattern play became more accurate, as he hit his target squares each time	time	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
" She strongly defended her position on abortion, which earned her applause and a respectful reply from her opponent	opponent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In contrast to his on field success Taylor was already developing a reputation for recklessness off the field; after	after	ADP	nearly	ADV	 nearly
This finding refutes previous claims that a male frog will clasp any proximate female with no regard to whether the	the	DET	female	NOUN	 female
In 2011 Batwoman gained her own title as part of The New 52 DC comics relaunch. This makes her	her	PRON	the	DET	 the
The Soviet Union became a member on 18 September 1934, and was expelled on 14 December 1939 for invading	invading	VERB	Finland	PROPN	 Finland
Afterwards, while Inglis was critical of the conduct of the brigades and laid primary blame for the failure on	on	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The generic name derives from the Greek trichos / τριχος " hair " and loma / λωμα " hem "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The next day, after spending the night in a cell, Mario begins his adventure to find a way	way	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The British historian David Pryce Jones in a book review of The Trail of the Fox in the edition of	of	ADP	12	NUM	 12
For example, when a man sold his wife at the Shoulder of Mutton and Cucumber in Yapton in 1898	1898	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 2005, Madonna performed " Ray of Light " during the Live 8 benefit concert. She later performed	performed	VERB	the	DET	 the
While some of the production is for forcing, most is for dry bulb production. Bulb production and forcing	forcing	NOUN	occurs	NOUN	 occurs
The town has a population of around 56,500 and is the administrative centre of Tunbridge Wells Borough and the UK	UK	PROPN	parliamentary	ADJ	 parliamentary
This resulted in a final vote count of 303 to 308 against union representation. UFCW Local 431 held a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
He made a further three appearances during the 2002 – 03 season, keeping a clean sheet in a 1	1	NUM	–	SYM	 –
As they are presenting their grievances, the Duke suffers a fatal heart attack. Süß is taken into custody	custody	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It may demand more effort on the part of the listener than other types of music. Musicians in progressive	progressive	ADJ	rock	NOUN	 rock
Before he left for Cranfield Braham was involved in another car accident which removed him from duty. He was	was	AUX	injured	VERB	 injured
During his years at Cambridge, his younger brother John acquired a job at the Board of Trade, which	which	PRON	oversaw	VERB	 oversaw
He scored his first goal at the higher level on 31 July 2001, in a postponed game from the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
After Warren Spector released Ultima Underworld II with Origin Systems in January 1993, he began to plan Troubleshooter,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The death of the pope is verified by the Cardinal Camerlengo, or Chamberlain, who traditionally performed the task	task	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Steering currents collapsed, and the system drifted between Ulithi and Yap for the next couple of days. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Garran accompanied Hughes and Joseph Cook (then the Minister for the Navy) to the 1917 and 1918	1918	NUM	meetings	NOUN	 meetings
And he said, ' I'm just warning you that you've got to be prepared, that things	things	NOUN	might	AUX	 might
The relationship between Bradman and his wider family is less clear, although nine months after Bradman's death,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
The electrical (as opposed to galvanic) machines then available were friction operated electrostatic generators consisting of a rotating	rotating	VERB	glass	NOUN	 glass
" Estimates of the number of striking workers across the U.S. range from 300,000 to half a million. In	In	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Arsenal missed a penalty, and the third Division team went a goal up in the first half; Arsenal	Arsenal	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Louis XVIII chose many centrist cabinets, as he wanted to appease the populace, much to the dismay of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In Chinese astronomy, most of the stars of Serpens represented part of a wall surrounding a marketplace, known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
At about the same time, Winnie Johnson sent Hindley another letter, again pleading with her to assist the	the	DET	police	NOUN	 police
He was pleased to have received the role, saying that his children were impressed with the new part and	and	CCONJ	praised	VERB	 praised
Allosteric enzymes include mammalian tyrosyl tRNA synthetase, which shows negative cooperativity, and bacterial aspartate transcarbamoylase and phosphofructokinase,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
It was home to the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB) and the Pittsburgh Steelers of the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Worcestershire Regiment in July 1916. He was taken a prisoner	prisoner	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The battleship's main advantage was its 12 inch heavy guns, and heavier armour designed to protect from shells	shells	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The scene introducing O'Hara was filmed as part of the fourth episode, " Woman Seeking Dead Husband: Smokers	Smokers	PROPN	Okay	PROPN	 Okay
On the next day, the JTWC estimated the cyclone attained peak winds of 205 km / h (125	125	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
As Hollister, Batman travels to Udon Khai, where he meets Rhama, a local translator hired by Alfred	Alfred	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As there are separate sets of locks for upstream and downstream traffic, this system is more water efficient than	than	ADP	bi	ADJ	 bi
Abra penned a post it note bearing a brief message of goodbye to Kyla, and fled the country,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
It is uncertain whether these volumetric changes are progressive or exist prior to the onset of the disease. These	These	DET	differences	NOUN	 differences
Under his stewardship, the Imperial University was given a formal examination system whereby candidates would take exams on different	different	ADJ	classics	NOUN	 classics
The English writer Sir Hamon L ' Estrange witnessed a live bird in London and described it as follows:	:	PUNCT	About	ADP	 About
Here, eukaryotes engulfed a eukaryotic algae that developed into a " second generation " plastid. This is known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The intricate sculptural detailing on the doors, jambs, lintels, walls, shikharas, and column capitals on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In his autobiography, Rodgers wrote of the effect the success of Flower Drum Song had on his state of	of	ADP	mind	NOUN	 mind
For example, taking from the third season finale in which Dean is sent to Hell, Cortese portrayed the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
On Sunday morning, December 21, 1958, President Eisenhower's press secretary, James Hagerty, issued a	a	DET	press	NOUN	 press
The Hokies struggled back in the third quarter, scoring six unanswered points to close the score to 35 –	–	PUNCT	16	NUM	 16
She went on to appear in 35 films with Chaplin over eight years; the pair also formed a romantic	romantic	ADJ	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
To suggest the dynasty owed its accession to murder would have been less than sensitive. On the other hand	hand	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
[...] The humor that is derived from the multiple movie and literary parodies was enough to leave a	a	DET	last	ADJ	 last
That year, Brunson led Stevenson to the March 16, 2013 IHSA Class 4A championship game against Jabari Parker	Parker	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The mantled howler is the most folivorous species of Central American monkey. Leaves make up between almost 50%	%	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Additional instrumental tracks with guitars and percussion were included by Leonard and Bray later. Regarding the development of the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
In places where vowels are paired, the right represents a rounded vowel (in which the lips are rounded	rounded	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
He volunteered to organize Scouting in America and was told that he could use their manual. While Boyce's	's	PART	original	ADJ	 original
The characters as a chorus sing " The curtains close on a kiss, God knows / We can tell	tell	VERB	the	DET	 the
There is some variation in the story to how exactly this transition came about in the historical records of Chamba	Chamba	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In those with calcium stones, drinking lots of fluids, thiazide diuretics and citrate are effective as is allopurinol	allopurinol	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The recreational area encompassing the lake includes camping, picnicking, boating, fishing and a variety of hiking trails	trails	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Mets won the opener, 1 – 0, to move within two games back with five remaining to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
While " something appeared to be missing from a lot of his Atlas work: enthusiasm, " Williamson's	's	PART	Atlas	PROPN	 Atlas
The city's economy also contains a large retail component at places such as Lynnhaven Mall. Major companies headquartered	headquartered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The cast also included Maggie Gyllenhaal, Mamie Gummer, Denis O'Hare, and George Morfogen. The production,	,	PUNCT	directed	VERB	 directed
Reuben Boise was born in Blandford, Massachusetts, on June 9, 1819, to Reuben Boise and Sally	Sally	PROPN	Putnam	PROPN	 Putnam
Despite the increased number of buys, the event received generally negative reviews, with reviewers criticising the undercard of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
From the beginning, Parsons wanted Norman Ramsey as the head of the delivery group. Edward L. Bowles,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
No longer bound to any team, Stuart joined the Wanderers; his first game with the team was watched	watched	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Electric Playground's Victor Lucas gave top marks, remarking " The experience of playing RR supersedes the thrills	thrills	NOUN	generally	ADV	 generally
The teams entering the race were: The starting peloton did include the previous year's winner Gianni Bugno.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
$56). The end user license agreement (EULA) for StarCraft II differs significantly from those of	of	ADP	Blizzard	PROPN	 Blizzard
In 1891, a racecourse was opened on farmland at Gatwick. Built to replace a steeplechase course at Waddon	Waddon	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
As part of efforts to sign Girl's Tyme to a major label record deal, Frager's strategy was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
Harrison designed the component values of this filter to have a specific passband corresponding to the desired audio passband (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
A comparison of mineralogical composition, smelting and forging techniques, and earlier typological analysis indicates that the gold used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
The GHRS was a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet. It was built by the Goddard Space Flight	Flight	PROPN	Center	PROPN	 Center
Although this is one of the earliest examples of architecture at Tikal, this platform began to take on its	its	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
Arms were given to many kings predating heraldry, including Edward the Confessor and William I of England. These	These	DET	attributed	VERB	 attributed
Caple compared the park to Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater, calling the stadium itself " perfect ", and	and	CCONJ	citing	VERB	 citing
One scene in the episode required the producers to shut down eight blocks of downtown Los Angeles. In St.	St.	PROPN	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
The initial flight trials were a disappointment as the aircraft could only reach 32 mph (51 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
” He tried to avert the same results while doing the next solo film for the character, 2013's	's	PART	The	DET	 The
This was a period when the development of exotic formal gardens and parks was becoming popular, particularly in what	what	PRON	is	AUX	 is
During 1934 the cricket pavilion had been demolished to make way for the new North Stand, which was built	built	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Offseason training often occurs on dry land, sometimes on roller skis. The organization of cross country ski competitions	competitions	NOUN	aims	VERB	 aims
Sir William Hamilton, a prominent antiquarian as well as a diplomat, spent his time exploring the island.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
The freeway heads to the northwest, passing by a park and featuring a southbound exit and northbound entrance for	for	ADP	Lexington	PROPN	 Lexington
In late Mississippian time, the Grand Canyon region was slowly uplifted and the Redwall was partly eroded away.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Among some Betsimisaraka it is considered fady for a brother to shake hands with his sister, or for young	young	ADJ	men	NOUN	 men
In winter, the respective figures were 81, 0.17 and 0.52. Species richness was found to be different	different	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Yet another theory suggests that the design emerged as a result of the pressures of space on ringworks, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
As a result, La Sombra was forced to unmask and reveal his real name. In early November,	,	PUNCT	La	PROPN	 La
Realising that Abbey Road could be the group's last album, McCartney and Martin decided to combine various portions	portions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Other members of the genus Pholiota may be mistaken for Pholiota flammans, especially Pholiota squarrosa which commonly forms large	large	ADJ	tufts	NOUN	 tufts
The French Air Force took delivery of the first production Jaguar in 1973, one of an eventual 160 single	single	ADJ	seat	NOUN	 seat
He also developed an agenda for modernising the country's infrastructure, for example, building an American style business	business	NOUN	district	NOUN	 district
Peking opera is generally regarded as having fully formed by 1845. Although it is called Peking opera (Beijing	Beijing	PROPN	theatre	NOUN	 theatre
The Commission also suggested that debtors should no longer be imprisoned, and attorneys should be educated at an Inn	Inn	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Amy Hanaiali ' i Gilliom holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with five. Six	Six	NUM	of	ADP	 of
On August 27, 2014, the station was sold to Legacy Broadcasting. KNDX / KXND (Bismarck /	/	SYM	Minot	PROPN	 Minot
Upon landing in Detroit, Abdulmutallab was arrested and taken to a hospital for treatment of his burns. On	On	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
In The Sorcerer, there is a country dance in " If you'll marry me ". In Ruddigore	Ruddigore	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To meet the expenses, Michael Johnson allowed his son to borrow a hundred books from his bookshop, at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
The video has won several awards, including Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards, the 2009	2009	NUM	Scottish	PROPN	 Scottish
The dichotomy between ' The Emancipation of Mimi's ' first two tracks is the album ’ s bread and	and	CCONJ	butter	NOUN	 butter
In all 90 percent of the pilot was re shot in 2010, with some cast changes and a different	different	ADJ	director	NOUN	 director
Williams returned to the States and relieved from active duty with the rank of Captain on July 28, 1953	1953	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Hardy wrestled his first televised match since his return on the October 27 episode of Impact Wrestling, defeating Immortal	Immortal	ADJ	member	NOUN	 member
The gentle slopes of Black Oak Ridge, from which the new town of Oak Ridge got its name,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
He no longer plays in a rock band, but regularly plays music with friends and on his own,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The ship was involved in rescuing hundreds of survivors from sunken ships in the Pacific and returning them to safety	safety	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Scott D. Pierce of Deseret News reported that Jackson's appearance " takes the focus off the regular characters	characters	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The third scene held by the Gotoh museum was originally the fourth segment of the Matsudaira clan scroll. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
One of the co sponsors, Dan Zwonitzer, said, " I ’ ll keep bringing it back until	until	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In July 2011, a Famitsu article included an interview with Nomura in which he revealed that the game would	would	AUX	have	VERB	 have
Blending folk, blues, jazz, and classical music, the album's songs signaled a radical departure from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
From the start, fans were very wary of bringing in female characters to the male dominated show; they	they	PRON	feared	VERB	 feared
It is also a period during which the plant bulb may be susceptible to predators (see Pests and diseases	diseases	NOUN	below	ADV	 below
The coinage of silver pennies known as sceattas expanded in his time and several types are attributed to East Anglian	Anglian	ADJ	production	NOUN	 production
In a statement, Burke wrote, " A memorandum filed in Mr. Martinez's case [has] asserted	asserted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The title character was played by Frank H. Crane, but the production credits are largely unknown. The film	film	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On March 19, the JTWC started to monitor a tropical disturbance that was located about 1145 km (710	710	NUM	mi	NOUN	 mi
Construction took place between 1542 and 1543, but the fortification may not have been fully completed until after Henry	Henry	PROPN	's	PART	's
When Angelo finds out the truth, he publicly humiliates Belle. He later goes around to her home and	and	CCONJ	becomes	VERB	 becomes
Later, while a research professor and translator at Tokyo Metropolitan University, Glicken became involved with research at Mount	Mount	PROPN	Unzen	PROPN	 Unzen
Mature specimens do not have a veil on the stem. The flesh is whitish, but like most psilocybin	psilocybin	NOUN	containing	VERB	 containing
Christian Lee Novetzke of the University of Washington suggests that Vithoba's worship migrated from Karnataka to the formerly Shaiva	Shaiva	PROPN	city	NOUN	 city
He then embarks on a discussion of the origins of Greek culture and technology, arguing that most of the	the	DET	important	ADJ	 important
Charles II's reign was marked by the development of the first modern political parties in England. Charles had	had	VERB	no	DET	 no
The congregations in the a cappella tradition are the subject of this article. While this was the most visible	visible	ADJ	distinction	NOUN	 distinction
Since 1919, shortly after the union of Transylvania with Romania, the building has hosted the Lucian Blaga National	National	PROPN	Theatre	PROPN	 Theatre
In the 2015 miniseries Sons of Liberty, Adams, the main protagonist, is portrayed by Ben Barnes.	.	PUNCT	Samuel	PROPN	 Samuel
This criticism was not universal, as reviewers such as Jason Hill of The Age called the A $13	13	NUM	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
Players may hold more than one non FIFA nationality. John Hutchinson currently holds the team record for number of	of	ADP	total	ADJ	 total
In September, Davis participated in the Battle of Monterrey, during which he led a successful charge on the	the	DET	La	PROPN	 La
Yoko Shimomura, best known for her previous work in Street Fighter II, composed the game's music.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The film opened to a worldwide 5 day opening of $333 million, third all time, and grossed	grossed	VERB	$	SYM	 $
In 1803, the duties of his office as paymaster were extended, and on 9 May, he was	was	AUX	reappointed	VERB	 reappointed
" As the first major rock star to die of AIDS, Mercury's death represented a very important event	event	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Mellon family had spent years entertaining important people, including royalty, celebrities, well known financiers, and	and	CCONJ	statesmen	NOUN	 statesmen
According to author and musicologist Ian Inglis, Harrison's " executive role in HandMade Films helped to sustain British	British	ADJ	cinema	NOUN	 cinema
Dave Wallace of Comics Bulletin praised author Vaughan's efforts on making sure the main characters ' dynamic works well	well	ADV	enough	ADV	 enough
A Smash Controller app released on Nintendo eShop on June 14, 2015, allows players to use the Nintendo	Nintendo	PROPN	3DS	PROPN	 3DS
Parasitology 37 (1 – 2): 85. doi: 10.1017 / S0031182000013202. Bishop, Ann; Birkett	Birkett	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Phantom was then shot down, probably by an AIM 7 Sparrow from one of its wingmen. There	There	PRON	continues	VERB	 continues
As day broke on 28 November, the Chinese forces and the American defenders were locked in a stalemate around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later, Chauvel realised that Romani was the first decisive British victory of the war outside West Africa Campaign.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He was apprehensive about how this breach of the rules would be received at the Académie, but their response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Eric writes that " there are two ways each of us can approach life: spending our days meeting our	our	PRON	needs	NOUN	 needs
She died there at age 36 of liver cancer (17 November 1789). In her will, written	written	VERB	just	ADV	 just
The energized Tech defense was disinclined to allow any such thing. Though Cantwell completed two short passes for 16	16	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
In addition to BSDcon, three other annual conferences, EuroBSDCon, AsiaBSDCon and BSDCan take place in Europe,	,	PUNCT	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Notably, in 1858 " The Raven " appeared in a British Poe anthology with illustrations by John Tenniel,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Lilly wished to encourage economic growth and general development in Indianapolis. He attempted to achieve those goals by supporting	supporting	VERB	local	ADJ	 local
Gomułka, however, could not and did not want to reject communism or Soviet domination; he could only	only	ADV	steer	VERB	 steer
This direct pressure forced the Board of Directors of Lowell's textile mills to reduce the workday by 30 minutes	minutes	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the show, Bill Cosby is an obstetrician with his office located below his family's residence in a	a	DET	brownstone	NOUN	 brownstone
The video ends showing Madonna lying on the ballet studio floor. The video was nominated for five awards at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flair legitimately requested a release from his contract, as he felt he would be more successful if he returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Time placed Gaga on their All Time 100 Fashion Icons List amongst some of Gaga's inspirations such as	as	ADP	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
However, casualties were light and within ninety minutes the glider borne troops had gathered at their rendezvous points.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Olver resigned from the state Senate on June 15 and was sworn in June 18. Olver won election to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Coren asked the public to bring dirty diapers to the exhibit, but no one did. Munro went on	on	ADP	to	PART	 to
Matthew Paris wrote that Richard stated: " You might as well say, ' I make you a present	present	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Azteca was first bred in 1972 as a horse for charros, the traditional horsemen of Mexico. Antonio	Antonio	PROPN	Ariza	PROPN	 Ariza
Allmusic reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine compared the group's performance on the album to " a third rate Beastie Boys	Boys	PROPN	supported	VERB	 supported
Harbhajan returned with figures of 2 / 29 (in 4 overs) in his first T20 international over two	two	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
In its original American broadcast, " Homer's Barbershop Quartet " finished 30th in ratings, with a Nielsen	Nielsen	PROPN	rating	NOUN	 rating
" They high fived themselves silly, " recalled Peter King. " They were screaming and hooting and raising	raising	VERB	hell	PROPN	 hell
" Several members of N.W.A wrote lyrics for Eazy Duz It: Ice Cube, The D.O.C., and MC	MC	PROPN	Ren	PROPN	 Ren
Historian James W. Cook has suggested that Juba and Diamond may have staged their first competition as a form of	of	ADP	mutual	ADJ	 mutual
The notion that a person's spirit might return from the dead to warn those still alive was a commonly	commonly	ADV	held	VERB	 held
Autogyros had been used to film the final in 1935, and also by the Metropolitan police for crowd control	control	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The city council is the city's legislative body, responsible for issues such as budget, local ordinances,	,	PUNCT	city	NOUN	 city
He subsequently met the Italian commander, General Alfonso Ferrero La Marmora, who told him that as he was	was	AUX	19	NUM	 19
Further, gene expression patterns in the human cerebellum show less age related alteration than that in the cerebral cortex	cortex	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dactyl's craters may contain central peaks, unlike those found on Ida. These features, and Dactyl's	's	PART	spheroidal	NOUN	 spheroidal
On August 14, Jones confirmed that he might make a fifth official visit (the maximum allowed by the	the	DET	NCAA	PROPN	 NCAA
In 1919, the Michigan State Highway Department (MSHD) was required to signpost the highway system for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
To the east of I Corps, Coulter also ordered the withdrawal of the US IX Corps at 14:	:	SYM	00	PUNCT	 00
As a result, the state of Delaware financed the road with bond issues and would build it as a	a	DET	toll	NOUN	 toll
Shortly after the accession of Phocas, in 603, the younger Domentziolus was raised to the titles of vir	vir	NOUN	gloriosissimus	NOUN	 gloriosissimus
The three floored East Stand is to accommodate hospitality guests, players, officials and the media, and will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The school experienced a rapid modernization during the 1850s, often romanticized by the graduates who led both sides of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Daniel Ekeroth argues that the blast beat was first performed by the Swedish group Asocial on their 1982 demo.	.	PUNCT	D.R.I.	PROPN	 D.R.I.
The conductor was drugged and Karp's body was found shortly afterwards in a railway tunnel south of Salzburg.	.	PUNCT	Fleming	NOUN	 Fleming
It received a " Double Platinum " award for one of the most played music video on MTV channels around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
The only human fossils found before the discovery of Java Man in the 1890s were either of anatomically modern humans	humans	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
In February 1969 Gil and Veloso were arrested by the Brazilian military government, brought from São Paulo to Rio	Rio	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
In order to accurately portray Master Chief, Cudmore watched the Landfall shorts by Neill Blomkamp and read the Halo	Halo	PROPN	novels	NOUN	 novels
On the death of his father, the family moved to Kilmarnock, and Shaw studied at the local grammar	grammar	NOUN	school	NOUN	 school
Roberts led Spencer going into the last lap of the race. Heading down the back straight, Spencer placed	placed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Frentzen, Barrichello, Salo, Villeneuve and Coulthard made pit stops over the following six laps. After Coulthard	Coulthard	PROPN	emerged	VERB	 emerged
These battles took place in drenching typhoon rains. Low hanging clouds allowed very little air support. The rains	rains	NOUN	finally	ADV	 finally
Psoriasis is characterized by an abnormally excessive and rapid growth of the epidermal layer of the skin. Abnormal production	production	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Likewise, Tom Hutton in the journal Economic Geography noted the absence of influential academics Allen Scott and Peter Hall	Hall	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He was not satisfied with the promotional aspect of the shows, however, and it contributed to his general	general	ADJ	disillusionment	NOUN	 disillusionment
It is thought that the very hot gas results from the violent interaction of a fast stellar wind with material	material	NOUN	previously	ADV	 previously
On July 21, the storm deteriorated in organization as it continued northward. The lack of banding features indicated	indicated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1773 a British naval expedition under Captain Constantine Phipps sought a route to the pole from the Seven Islands	Islands	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" scene), while the television series, The West Wing, is shown to be entering its twelfth	twelfth	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
The stigma of epilepsy can also affect the families of those with the disorder. Certain disorders occur more often	often	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The highway turns westward on Port Austin Road along the lake where M 53 terminates; this is also the	the	DET	point	NOUN	 point
The song is credited as one of the earliest tracks to blend beat music with folk rock, even before	before	SCONJ	The	DET	 The
These two vertical barriers, 11 feet (3.4 m) high and 30 feet (9.1 m) long	long	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In March 2008, Ian Hickson released Acid3 as a follow up to Acid2. While Acid2 primarily tests CSS	CSS	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Interleaved, there are shots of her and her ex boyfriend spending time together appear as a memory. He	He	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Despite the popularity of the pairing — referred to by the portmanteau " Puckleberry " in the media — the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
On 28 January 2005, the Department of Defense announced that it had selected the US101 as the winner.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The new French ambassador Charles Louis Huguet, marquis de Sémonville he sent to The Hague in 1799 was just	just	ADV	the	DET	 the
In the final four minutes, Michigan used a 1 3 1 zone to force five turnovers during a 13	13	NUM	–	SYM	 –
However, the 1881 Census for Flat Holm shows that the barracks were occupied only by the Master Gunner,	,	PUNCT	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
These tracks were darker, more experimental remixes with less emphasis on vocals, and attempted to incorporate elements of	of	ADP	breakbeat	ADJ	 breakbeat
On November 3, 2008, it was released to rhythmic contemporary and urban contemporary radio stations. The single	single	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
There are 190 square meters of murals in the hall. They date from 1708 to 1716, but have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Expeditions in the 1960s led by the equally renowned John Ostrom of Yale University's Peabody Museum of Natural History	History	PROPN	recovered	VERB	 recovered
" Go Your Own Way " is more guitar oriented and has a four to the floor dance beat influenced	influenced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
During his eight months in Sapporo, Clark successfully organized SAC, had a significant impact on the scientific and	and	CCONJ	economic	ADJ	 economic
He was an eloquent preacher, resourceful, and became involved in community activities throughout the area. He quickly	quickly	ADV	assumed	VERB	 assumed
A sonnet originally referred to any short lyric. In 1573, George Gascoigne tried to define the word sonnet	sonnet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Saint, McCully, Elliot, and fellow missionary Johnny Keenan decided to initiate contact with the Huaorani and began	began	VERB	periodically	ADV	 periodically
The route turns a short drift off its alignment at an intersection with Miller Road. The route turns from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The crowds of reporters and sightseers at weekends led the Archdeacon of Lynn to issue a statement deploring the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
His involvement began in 1767, when he first took political stands against the various acts of the British Parliament	Parliament	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His first wife was a lady of the aristocratic Melissenos family, who died at an unknown time. Her	Her	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Allen, who had been commissioned governor of the province in 1692, only came to the colony in 1698	1698	NUM	to	PART	 to
When it was published in September 1959, Jungle Book was the first mass market paperback of original comics content	content	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Sloan announces his plans of returning to New York City, but abruptly decides to stay in Seattle, following	following	VERB	Grey	PROPN	 Grey
Brig. Gen. John D. Stevenson's brigade advanced well in two columns against the redoubt, but their attack	attack	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
They left the idea with David Mirkin, who took over the job as show runner during this season.	.	PUNCT	Mirkin	PROPN	 Mirkin
Fittings from this type of bow appear right across Asia from Korea to the Crimea. Such bows with reinforcement	reinforcement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At Anzac an attack on the Ottoman trenches at " Lone Pine ", led by the 1st Infantry Brigade	Brigade	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the Lutheran calendar differs from both in two very significant ways, aside from its emphasis on commemorating	commemorating	VERB	persons	NOUN	 persons
McLane sent a messenger to Washington, alerting him of the British movements. While the main body of the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
The stem is short and thick — between 1.5 and 6 cm (0.6 and 2.4 in) in diameter	diameter	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
Huante designed them to be white and embryonic because the events in the film occur before Giger's influence had	had	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
1699: A Serious and Pathetical Contemplation of the Mercies of God, In Several Most Devout and Sublime Thanksgivings	Thanksgivings	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
I have promised him he is not going to have to do too much, but even if it is	is	AUX	just	ADV	 just
Patrick Mulkern of Radio Times was also disappointed, saying that it " amounts to little more than series of	of	ADP	events	NOUN	 events
Later, journals of other crew members were discovered at the site of the Polaris wreck, but these had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The MSP building is connected to the Tower Buildings by way of the Garden Lobby and stands at the	the	DET	western	ADJ	 western
It was activated once more in a brief organizational shift after the war. The brigade was formed again in	in	ADP	1950	NUM	 1950
The ridge to the east turned Hellen to a southwest drift over land. By early on April 1,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
To mark the change of Jean Grey into Phoenix, her wardrobe focused on red colors, and everyday fabric	fabric	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The area experienced a period of economic growth and prosperity as manufacturers moved to the region to utilize the low	low	ADJ	cost	NOUN	 cost
The government estimates that profits from the information technology and communication industry will grow and become comparable with those from	from	ADP	oil	NOUN	 oil
This continued until the incorporation of the Bill of Rights after the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment. Section 14	14	NUM	of	ADP	 of
On June 11, 2008, the IAU executive committee announced the establishment of a subclass of dwarf planets comprising	comprising	VERB	the	DET	 the
As widely anticipated, " I See the Light " was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song	Song	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The Lancastrians retreated but were chased to Dinting Dale where they were all killed. Clifford was slain by an	an	DET	arrow	NOUN	 arrow
In 1931, during the Great Depression, he sold the film rights to his life story to MGM for	for	ADP	$	SYM	 $
The following day, it was confirmed he would be out for up to three weeks which ruled him out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The hectic travel schedule also placed a burden on his relationship with Isum, with whom he could now communicate	communicate	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Virginia's property tax is set and collected at the local government level and varies throughout the Commonwealth. Real	Real	ADJ	estate	NOUN	 estate
The capture was disastrous for the king, leading to a revolt by Gilla Brigte, Lord of Galloway,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She added that the references to her old work, as well as the half nude men indicated that "	"	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Thus, under the circumstances of food chain disruption previously mentioned, non avian dinosaurs died, while some crocodiles	crocodiles	NOUN	survived	VERB	 survived
The tests had no effect on the patent battle, but the Smithsonian made the most of them, honoring	honoring	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the next stage, by 1853, hydraulic mining was used on ancient gold bearing gravel beds on hillsides	hillsides	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was openly booed when he attended the premiere of The Times of Harvey Milk — based on his book	book	NOUN	The	DET	 The
The ouvrage lies between the towns of Villy and La Ferté sur Chiers. It possesses two combat blocks linked	linked	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The force was covered in the English Channel by seven light cruisers and 16 destroyers, none of which saw	saw	VERB	action	NOUN	 action
… Not only was Jack's story interesting for a change, but the inclusion of [many] other	other	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
Similarly, the shortest war in recorded history, the Anglo Zanzibar War of 1896, was brought to a	a	DET	swift	ADJ	 swift
In 2013, Saab moved to increase Swiss industry offsets above 100% of the deal value after the Swiss	Swiss	ADJ	parliament	NOUN	 parliament
The Manhattans occupied present day New York City north to the river, while the Weckquaesgeeks occupied the land from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Ted Nugent said, " If you don't know every Chuck Berry lick, you can't play	play	VERB	rock	NOUN	 rock
This arose mainly through the wartime injury to his arm and by 1950 he had adjusted his technique to compensate	compensate	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
In its report to the Convention on July 5, the committee offered a compromise. The large states had	had	AUX	opposed	VERB	 opposed
Six hours later, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Frances. Heading westward, it crossed through the Leeward	Leeward	PROPN	Islands	PROPN	 Islands
During the first part of the season, odd numbered episodes mostly took place in the parallel universe and have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
The United States Government officially granted payments and benefits to various ethnicites who have fought with the Allies by the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Cruise questions why they are able to do this, which leads to a monologue from Kyle, Jesus Christ	Christ	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Knight also wrote in 1956 that Max Weber was the only economist who dealt with the problem of understanding the	the	DET	emergence	NOUN	 emergence
Lazaros then convened a synod of bishops to excommunicate the Patriarch of Constantinople, John Kalekas. Not long afterwards	afterwards	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He feared a Polish counter attack would retake the forts of Wola, or strike a wedge between his I	I	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It follows Diana Guzman, a troubled teenager from Brooklyn who decides to channel her aggression by training to become	become	VERB	a	DET	 a
Following the releases of Satan's Slave (1976), Prey (1978) and Terror (1979)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
At the east end of the north aisle is the Mainwaring chapel, which was originally a Lady Chapel;	;	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
The town is now served only by a single light rail system and regular bus services. The Metrolink opened	opened	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After those two wins, Alabama had a 6 – 3 record heading into the final two weeks of the	the	DET	regular	ADJ	 regular
As had been the case with several earlier campaigns, the commercial was to air in several bursts, throughout	throughout	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
When the deal ended in mid 2004, Jive Records released the song on the iTunes Store and Rhapsody on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
The rating of midshipman by order, or midshipman ordinary, was used specifically for graduates of the Royal Naval	Naval	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
" They were the first to give a recital of ballroom dance at Carnegie Hall They appeared at the Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	Palmer	PROPN	 Palmer
The 6th Division's structure changed considerably during its existence with units being detached or attached to meet operational needs	needs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was initially suggested as the site of the battle by George Neilson in 1899 and was the leading theory	theory	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Taking up this position, he moved to Cardiff with his family in August 1920, although he initially disliked	disliked	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fox crossed into Ontario at the town of Hawkesbury on the last Saturday in June. He was met by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The following year, when the running bounce and other rules were formalised at a meeting of club delegates under	under	ADP	Harrison	PROPN	 Harrison
Between Nydalen and Storo, lines 4 and 6 swap numbers. From the city centre, line 4 comes	comes	VERB	from	ADP	 from
There are several running jokes throughout the series. Established in Goldfinger is Q's continuing disgust at how his	his	PRON	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
The video cuts with the backdrop also burning. Continuing to the car scene, Usher stops as he sees	sees	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The Inuit and Alaska Natives have many folk tales featuring the bears including legends in which bears are humans when	when	SCONJ	inside	ADP	 inside
When the imaginary parts of any eigenvalues (shown in cyan) are non zero, the bike exhibits oscillation	oscillation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Novakovic says that " Natasha is furious, but it does make her stop and think about what she is	is	AUX	doing	VERB	 doing
While most of Graham's statistical records have been surpassed in the modern era, he still holds the NFL	NFL	PROPN	record	NOUN	 record
Drainage schemes to alleviate it were constructed on both sides of the river. The Holderness Drainage scheme to the	the	DET	east	NOUN	 east
Posing as a Polish laborer working in a jam factory, he served on patrols, raided food convoys,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On The Way I See It, everything was pretty much tube pre's and tube compressors. On this	this	DET	one	NOUN	 one
The newspaper subsequently apologized for the mistake. Lee Jenkins of Sports Illustrated attributed Philadelphia's loss to a lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pete discovers that Ken is writing science fiction under a pseudonym, which angers Roger Sterling. Pete's emasculation	emasculation	NOUN	continues	VERB	 continues
The tower, which would now contain the common room, was moved from the area of the former hall	hall	NOUN	staircase	NOUN	 staircase
The concert was given in the Grand Philharmonia Hall on 9 August 1942. This was the day Hitler had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
On 23 April, Goebbels made the following proclamation to the people of Berlin: I call on you to	to	PART	fight	VERB	 fight
In the 1950s, DE 71 was rerouted to head to the Maryland border southwest of Middletown to connect to	to	ADP	Maryland	PROPN	 Maryland
When she tells Peter what she witnessed, he tells her to hide under the bed. She complies,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Bell has also done a public service announcement for Do Something's Healthy Living Campaign. In 2014, Bell	Bell	PROPN	launched	VERB	 launched
The Tempest was one of the staples of the repertoire of Romantic Era theatres. John Philip Kemble produced an	an	DET	acting	VERB	 acting
Salt was still the most important item of trade in this period, but trading with oxen, maidservants,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Sunni Muslim Mufassir Ibn Kathir mentions that [Quran 33: 10 – 22 (Translated by Yusuf Ali	Ali	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
As characters gain experience points their mutant superpowers and unique abilities can be upgraded. Items found during gameplay can	can	AUX	also	ADV	 also
For example, the Newton's cradle has eight suspended balls, and there are five birds on the cover	cover	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Lords of Shadow reboot series, starting with the character's introduction in Castlevania: Lords of Shadow -	-	PUNCT	Mirror	PROPN	 Mirror
To Your Tents, O Israel excoriated the government for ignoring social issues and concentrating solely on Irish Home Rule	Rule	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The broadcast schedule change led to some consistency and time line errors, which Homicide producers addressed by adding the	the	DET	words	NOUN	 words
The British rear was also in some disarray. Wounded soldiers that were mobile had made their way to the	the	DET	landing	NOUN	 landing
He also was named to the Pro Bowl for his performances in the 1985 and 1993 seasons. He finished	finished	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" Crook goes further still, arguing that the rooms reach beyond architecture to create " three dimensional passports to	to	ADP	fairy	NOUN	 fairy
Yet Heath moves beyond ideological content analysis to examine Jaws as a signal example of the film as " industrial	industrial	ADJ	product	NOUN	 product
Although reinforcements continued to arrive, LXXXI Corps ' units suffered heavily; the 12th Infantry Division had lost half	half	DET	its	PRON	 its
" The New Rolling Stone Album Guide gave the album three out of five stars. The Iowa State Daily	Daily	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
In a public meeting in May 2016, the MTA unveiled the first iteration New York City Subway map that	that	PRON	included	VERB	 included
Some men said Small's speech included words to the effect of having the officers " by the tail "	"	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was directed by Anton Cropper and written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc	LeFranc	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite this, she graduated from high school on time and earned a degree in psychology from the University of	of	ADP	Maryland	PROPN	 Maryland
The Buteyko breathing technique for controlling hyperventilation may result in a reduction in medication use; however, the technique	technique	NOUN	does	AUX	 does
He also won the NL Player of the Week Award for the week of September 19 – 25, 2011	2011	NUM	after	SCONJ	 after
By now promoted to substantive colonel, in 1950 he was a member of the Bridgeford Mission, which advised	advised	VERB	the	DET	 the
Both these species had expanding ranges in the second half of the 20th century. In all settings the infected	infected	VERB	lower	ADJ	 lower
In November 2009, her classification was revisited due to deterioration of her vision and she was deemed eligible to	to	PART	compete	VERB	 compete
In 2000, a 16 year old boy had huffed lighter gas at the station, and was found dead	dead	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
On a separate review, Jon Pareles said that the song will remain as one of Beyoncé most memorable tracks	tracks	NOUN	thanks	NOUN	 thanks
One described the piece as " a jolting debut: a clumsy plagiarism of the Russian School " and called	called	VERB	Ravel	PROPN	 Ravel
The stone used in Heinz Field's design is artificial, in order to decrease cost. Of the glass	glass	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Los Reyes was shot by anarchists during the 14 April military parade that commemorated the 5 years of the Republic	Republic	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
From June to August each year, she would depart with midshipmen for their summer training cruise and then return	return	VERB	to	PART	 to
The fleet made its first landfall at Cozumel; Maya temples were cast down and a Christian cross was put	put	VERB	up	ADP	 up
However, Keats incorporates spondees in 37 of the 250 metrical feet. Caesurae are never placed before the fourth	fourth	ADJ	syllable	NOUN	 syllable
The car's nose was shortened by 200 millimetres (7.9 in) to attempt to comply with regulations,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It is the third installment in the Advance Wars series (first on DS media) and was released in	in	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Audisio himself did not speak publicly about it until he published his account in a series of five articles in	in	ADP	L	PROPN	 L
An alternative explanation suggests the upp could refer to the geographical relationship to a church at Barking or Tilbury in	in	ADP	Anglo	PROPN	 Anglo
" The only complaint was found that it " does not sufficiently misrepresent the ease and luxury of the underworld	underworld	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Faced with both the Petition of Right and a demand to remove his favourite, while requiring Parliament to provide	provide	VERB	subsidies	NOUN	 subsidies
The bill would have put some of Alaska's vast federal land holdings under state control while preserving other portions	portions	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The competition was played intermittently between 1970 and 1996 between clubs from England and Italy. It was founded by	by	ADP	Gigi	PROPN	 Gigi
In 2002, New Zealand fan Graham Howard uncovered excised clips from The Web of Fear and The Wheel in	in	ADP	Space	PROPN	 Space
The male or males associated with the pride must defend their relationship to the pride from outside males who attempt	attempt	VERB	to	PART	 to
From the beginning of Australia's colonial period until after the Second World War, people from the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
" Following the season's conclusion, Durand stated that he would not be surprised if his character returned in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The planned program eschewed division by academic discipline and preferred holistic study of human civilization, particularly ancient Athens and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Formed in 1914 as part of the all volunteer Australian Imperial Force from Queensland and Tasmanian recruits, the battalion	battalion	NOUN	fought	VERB	 fought
Session musicians such as Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones regularly played in Denmark Street studios. In 1964,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The sexes are similar in appearance, but juveniles have pale edges to the upperparts and flight feathers. The	The	DET	other	ADJ	 other
References to it appear in many later works of fiction, including Jane Eyre, Cranford and The House of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jew demanded $80,000 for his assistance, but agreed to accept $40,000. The shop owners then contacted	contacted	VERB	the	DET	 the
To film the scene where Gwen and Carys kiss, actresses Eve Myles and Sara Gregory discussed how they would	would	AUX	execute	VERB	 execute
" Beyond's selection of stories has been described by science fiction historian Michael Ashley as " seeking to achieve	achieve	VERB	…	PUNCT	 …
George grew into a healthy but reserved and shy child. The family moved to Leicester Square, where George	George	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Poledouris would, otherwise, have had to conduct the orchestra and adjust his compositions on the fly. Conan	Conan	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Gengler identified the aforementioned paper as Al Watan and added that the writer of " Ayatollah Obama " series was	was	AUX	praised	VERB	 praised
Simultaneously, it struck near Chokoloskee, Florida. Due to the storm's barometric pressure at the time,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The rebels sought a reduction in taxation, an end to the system of unfree labour known as serfdom and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Some Christians saw Bush as signaling the End Times betrayal by a world leader. Secular anticommunists saw a bold	bold	ADJ	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
" Reviewer Greg Locke praised the record as " one of the best albums of the year, " calling	calling	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The London Power Company's first of these super power stations was planned for the Battersea area, on the	the	DET	south	PROPN	 south
Tolmé designed a starkly functional lattice truss bridge of wrought iron. It cost £40,000 (about £3.2	3.2	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Several major book publishers including Penguin Books, HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster and Macmillan have committed to publishing books	books	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Repentless sold 49,000 copies in its first week and debuted number four on the US Billboard 200, the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
The test claimed to target participants who were unaware of the existence of Burger King or McDonald's, and	and	CCONJ	had	AUX	 had
These colonies were also closely blockaded themselves and, as a result, their ability to trade independently was severely	severely	ADV	curtailed	VERB	 curtailed
At every opportunity, the media has dissected and manipulated these allegations to reach their own conclusions. " The	The	DET	singer	NOUN	 singer
I point next to the vast increase of what I may term the migratory population, the population of the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Very little is known about his childhood and early years as an adult. He is argued by most historians	historians	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Meanwhile, the Reserve Army is mobilized by Olbricht, unbeknownst to Fromm, to stand by. With no	no	DET	action	NOUN	 action
Project M includes a number of adjustments and tweaks intended to make the characters from Super Smash Bros. Melee and	and	CCONJ	Brawl	PROPN	 Brawl
When war broke out between France and its rivals, Russian and Austrian forces invaded Switzerland. The Swiss refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
Peter Hall worked with Barker at Oxford and gave him his break, casting him as the Chantyman and Joe	Joe	PROPN	Silva	PROPN	 Silva
" Anything goes among the physics community – cosmic wormholes, time travel, " he argues, " just	just	ADV	so	ADV	 so
The show also featured several Syco related music acts. Sponsorship for the first series was initially targeted at National	National	PROPN	Lottery	PROPN	 Lottery
The Games were also webcast for the first time. Because of these efforts the Sydney Paralympics reached a global	global	ADJ	audience	NOUN	 audience
(State sales taxes generally exempt these types of basic need items in an effort to reduce the tax burden	burden	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Wong's own showpiece, a Caonima (alpaca) sculpture, was one of the stars of the show	show	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The operation meant leapfrogging the Japanese defenses at Hansa Bay, but was risky because it was outside the range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This is the same list used in the 2000 season except for Kirk, which replaced Keith. No storm	storm	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Conflicting reports reached the outside world and for a time it was feared that Tom had died. In the	the	DET	press	NOUN	 press
In addition to being used for attacks, AP may be saved and allocated to Attack Points for combo attacks	attacks	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Local councils lobbied the Department for Transport, in connection with the 2012 Olympic Games, to relay the double	double	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
The Liberty Head nickel was heavily struck during its 30 year run, except during economic downturns in 1885 –	–	PUNCT	1886	NUM	 1886
This theorem, which is used for finding constants of motion, states that any infinitesimal variation of the generalized	generalized	ADJ	coordinates	NOUN	 coordinates
In one 35 minute passage of play, he and Constantine added 91 runs, before he departed for 185	185	NUM	from	ADP	 from
We can not speak in praise of its receipts for the higher kinds of cookery, but we dare say	say	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
This allowed Apolo to kick Kip in the face and cover for a near fall. Brown then gained the	the	DET	win	NOUN	 win
The plateau is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long from west to east; and 7 – 8 kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Lincoln removed McClellan as general in chief in March 1862, after McClellan's " Harrison's Landing Letter "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
It has also been known to feed with mixed species foraging flocks, although this behavior is abnormal. When	When	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
The Delaware and Shawnee tribes historically had camps and wigwams on the creek. The Delaware tribe was hunting and	and	CCONJ	fishing	VERB	 fishing
On February 9, McGary played 32 minutes in an overtime loss to Wisconsin, totaling 12 points, 3	3	NUM	steals	NOUN	 steals
Gil Kaufman from MTV News described the song as a " bouncy homage to thug love that featured the signature	signature	NOUN	DC	PROPN	 DC
' " Although he appreciated Ciara for lowering down the sex appeal and relying on her vocals, Ed Easton	Easton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, in October 1942, based upon a special request from Adolf Hitler, German Admiral Paul Wenneker,	,	PUNCT	attached	VERB	 attached
Cochrane has also proposed a cosmopolitan alternative to Sue Donaldson and Will Kymlicka's picture of a political animal rights	rights	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sobekhotep IV, whose reign marks the apex of the 13th Dynasty, mentions on a stela (Cairo JE	JE	PROPN	51911	NUM	 51911
Kurt was subsequently paired with another new character, Blaine Anderson, a member of the rival show choir group	group	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Online's Jenna Mullins wrote that " the ice around [her] heart melted just a bit when Puck	Puck	PROPN	mouthed	VERB	 mouthed
Verity regained his place in the team for the third Test, replacing Bowes. The match was highly controversial	controversial	ADJ	owing	VERB	 owing
Some planets with larger orbits have been discovered by direct imaging but there is a middle range of distances,	,	PUNCT	roughly	ADV	 roughly
Johansson next had a supporting role in the Christopher Nolan thriller The Prestige (2006), again opposite Hugh	Hugh	PROPN	Jackman	PROPN	 Jackman
The series was later rebroadcast on TBS. ADV Films announced on September 21, 2007 at the Anime Weekend	Weekend	PROPN	Atlanta	PROPN	 Atlanta
However, a desire to deceive medical personnel in order to gain treatment and attention is more important in Münchausen	Münchausen	PROPN	's	PART	's
The first well known frog battery was created by Carlo Matteucci in 1845, but there had been others before	before	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Below Imperial Dam, only a small portion of the Colorado River makes it beyond Yuma, Arizona, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was named for Eeyore, a chronically depressed donkey in A. A. Milne's Winnie the Pooh stories who	who	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The diagnosis of minimal hepatic encephalopathy requires neuropsychological testing by definition. Older tests include the " numbers connecting test	test	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Although several tracks are clearly angry, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic found The Eminem Show less inflammatory than The	The	DET	Marshall	PROPN	 Marshall
When Nea Salamina Famagusta was founded, Greece was entering a period of civil war between leftists and rightists.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The depression initially moved northward toward Cuba, but eventually veered southwestward. By October 29, the depression made	made	VERB	landfall	NOUN	 landfall
On September 24, 2009, MTV announced, after the success the project proved with New Moon, that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
In the vein of Light Years, Fever is a disco and dance pop album that contains elements of adult	adult	NOUN	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
" which literally translates to " many ovens " but within the context of the show is actually meant to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
However, after the local opposing political party launched its own inquiries, new evidence and witness testimonies surfaced which	which	PRON	uncovered	VERB	 uncovered
For the PP, former President of the Valencian community, Eduardo Zaplana, moved to Madrid district while Vicente	Vicente	PROPN	Martinez	PROPN	 Martinez
In fact, because of Barbauld, Sarah Trimmer and Hannah More were galvanised to write for poor children and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
Gill, who thought of the design as something of a novelty, considered naming it " Double Elefans "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Hurley eventually convinces the others to push the van to a slope in order to get it started. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	Sawyer	PROPN	 Sawyer
However, some critics dissented on the idea that Opposing Force was as influential as other reviewers made out.	.	PUNCT	PC	PROPN	 PC
They show features, such as lateral compression, an acute angle at the tip, small curvature, and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
But other than this performance, Allen was ineffective. More successful in 1921, he opened the batting for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Much of its range occurs in the Sydney Basin, an area with one of the highest human populations and	and	CCONJ	most	ADV	 most
all put together. Band on the run – escaping, freedom, criminals. You name it, it	it	PRON	's	AUX	's
As Major General in the Suffolk Regiment, he was the senior military officer in New England. which included	included	VERB	the	DET	 the
The upper midline of the nasal bones had a triangular sagittal crest, which was narrow and sharp in front	front	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The interviewer eventually led them to conclude that zero was even; the students took different routes to this conclusion	conclusion	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The competitor channel Telefe aired the teen comedy Alma Pirata, which was rescheduled because of its low ratings,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At South Alabama, opposing teams respected his hitting ability; scouts told their pitchers: " Don't let	let	VERB	Freese	PROPN	 Freese
When all three finally met for the first time Baird was shocked that Ingrid did not look anything like the	the	DET	Stanley	PROPN	 Stanley
The last election took place in May 2015, giving a Council made up of 32 Conservative, 6 Liberal	Liberal	PROPN	Democrat	PROPN	 Democrat
In the 1948 World Series, he pitched in game five, facing Mike McCormick and Eddie Stanky. He	He	PRON	allowed	VERB	 allowed
Upon the opening of the first Burger King restaurant in Carolina, Puerto Rico, the molds for the (	(	PUNCT	standard	PROPN	standard
Following the 1991 Gulf War and the subsequent dissolution of the Soviet Union, the United States Navy began to	to	ADP	decommission	NOUN	 decommission
Off India and Southeast Asia, this species has been severely depleted or extirpated by unregulated exploitation for its meat	meat	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A similar report from the same source has the " sons of Raghnaill " join in a raid on the	the	DET	Irish	ADJ	 Irish
" [T] urn to full account existing heavy industry capacity and build many new industrial installations, especially	especially	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The Cluj Napoca Police are headquartered on Decebal Street in the city centre (with a number of precincts throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
He wrote additional music for the game's expansion packs, Counterstrike and Aftermath. He attributed the success of	of	ADP	Red	PROPN	 Red
In 1937, thanks to donations from a number of colonial government officials and members of the business elite,	,	PUNCT	Duyệt	PROPN	 Duyệt
It wasn ’ t like we could take him out between takes. He was in. The sequence was	was	AUX	shot	VERB	 shot
On 9 December 2008 the IWF reversed its blacklist of the Wikipedia pages on the basis of the " contextual	contextual	ADJ	issues	NOUN	 issues
After a hotel housing the remaining foreign nationals was attacked, Penfold organised a further evacuation, which was conducted	conducted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Kathi Kamen Goldmark of Disney Family.com felt that the song was tedious, simultaneously dull and so emotionally overwrought	overwrought	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Born in Australia, he moved to Canada at the age of 6, in 1894. He played in	in	ADP	Winnipeg	PROPN	 Winnipeg
During this time the ship was the target of a failed spar torpedo boat attack on 21 August. While	While	SCONJ	resupplying	VERB	 resupplying
The tower and battery were protected by a sea filled ditch and a drawbridge. They remained standing until they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Although this more than doubled the players ' pay, their remuneration amounted to only 4.5% of the revenue	revenue	NOUN	generated	VERB	 generated
However, they quickly adjusted. Film Roman went on to do the animation for the rest of the series	series	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The mass influx of refugees presented various social issues for South Vietnam. The new arrivals needed to be integrated	integrated	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The Iron Age began in Scotland from about the seventh century BCE. From this point there are the first	first	ADJ	finds	NOUN	 finds
The widespread interest in women's writing is related to a general reassessment and expansion of the literary canon.	.	PUNCT	Interest	NOUN	 Interest
The invasion force fared poorly militarily, but the psychological warfare and the possibility of a U.S. invasion intimidated the	the	DET	Guatemalan	PROPN	 Guatemalan
In the continuing Arab – Israeli conflict, although the initial cease fire had been implemented to end active conflict	conflict	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A contrary evaluation comes from Blue Öyster Cult biographer Martin Popoff, who has " come to dismiss it as	as	ADP	somewhat	ADV	 somewhat
If you are going to swim for me you'll have to learn all over again. " O'Halloran refined	refined	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The only two home runs he allowed in his final 12 starts and 61 innings with the RoughRiders occurred on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The orangutan was first described scientifically in the Systema Naturae of Linnaeus as Simia satyrus. The populations on the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Later the New Directions serenade them in an attempt to be invited to their upcoming wedding. Brittany and Santana	Santana	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
While searching for the damaged submarine Shark on 6 July, she was badly damaged by bomb splinters and was	was	AUX	under	ADP	 under
Paraphyses are cylindrical, septate, and measure 175 – 300 by 2 – 15 µm. Their tips are	are	AUX	variably	ADV	 variably
Jeremy Borash and David Penzer were the ring announcers for the event. Andrew Thomas, Rudy Charles, and	and	CCONJ	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
The season had a number of secondary characters including Jill Talley as Plankton's computer wife, Karen; Mary	Mary	PROPN	Jo	PROPN	 Jo
Seinfeld's ability to keep a large number of Cheers ' audience eventually helped the show get a third season	season	NOUN	order	NOUN	 order
He was replaced by Carlos Mesa, who tried to strike a balance between U.S. and cocalero demands, but	but	CCONJ	whom	PRON	 whom
Both the book and cards were originally published by Samuel Leigh, 18 Strand, London, although the publishing	publishing	NOUN	firm	NOUN	 firm
Chris Taylor from Time magazine noted that video game adaptations had a poor track record at the box office and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
This release is notable because, due to marketing issues, it was the first Star Wars film never to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
In April 1821, the society further expanded its library with the acquisitions of Nathaniel Hooke's Roman History,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
When Cooper and Born were performing with Henry Cow in Zürich in early 1978, Cooper invited Swiss pianist Irène	Irène	PROPN	Schweizer	PROPN	 Schweizer
A major cause of the Commonwealth's downfall was the liberum veto (" free veto "), which	which	PRON	since	SCONJ	 since
Over the course of the novel McGregor is compared several times to " certain men, all soldiers or leaders	leaders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The coin points to Romans having had trade contacts with the Chera kings and establishes that the Roman soldiers had	had	AUX	landed	VERB	 landed
Both were commercially successful; the Telugu version completed a 100 day run in 13 centres. The bilingual provided	provided	VERB	recognition	NOUN	 recognition
The EP was released while Nirvana's Nevermind was at the top of the Billboard 200 charts, resulting in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Ray collects his children, steals a car and drives to Mary Ann's home in suburban New Jersey to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
The capture of Le Quesnoy was to be achieved through a series of advances, covered by artillery, by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Enlisting in the Air Force on 10 December 1930, McLachlan completed his flight training the following year. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
This list was then given to the FBI and the personnel background files returned as a result. Lisa Wetzl	Wetzl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Gibson was motivated to write the episode after the success of " Kill Switch. " The episode featured	featured	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The Rahimis collaborated with Stofsky, as well as the wardrobe and casting departments, to help them understand the	the	DET	language	NOUN	 language
As part of the strategy two flagship schemes were set up: the redevelopment of a site in Otterspool for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In terms of student life, the union is responsible for the organisation of the annual freshers ' fair,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Allies later renamed the airfield Henderson Field. To protect the airfield, the U.S. Marines established a perimeter	perimeter	NOUN	defense	NOUN	 defense
Music critic Joey Guerra from The Daily Cougar stated, " Jackson pours her heart into " Together Again,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In Game 2, Baltimore was unable to stop the Lakers guard, who scored 52 points, nearly half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the anti Buddhist activity of the late ninth and early tenth centuries, the Jokhang and Ramoche temples were	were	AUX	said	VERB	 said
Born Peter Hesketh, he changed his name by Royal assent to Hesketh Fleetwood, incorporating the name of his	his	PRON	ancestors	NOUN	 ancestors
" Zachary Houle of Pop Matters awarded the album six out of ten stars, and mused that Shonen Knife	Knife	PROPN	's	PART	's
He stated that " Connery and Lazenby had an air of concealed thuggishness, clenched fists at the ready,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
She is the wife of the musician The Edge from the rock group U2. Raised in Los Angeles and	and	CCONJ	schooled	VERB	 schooled
Then my agent says, ' Oh, The Simpsons want you in an episode. ' Once you've	've	AUX	gone	VERB	 gone
The society had its first annual conference in Philadelphia, where Richard Falk was given PRSA's first " annual	annual	ADJ	citation	NOUN	 citation
Varanasi is served by Lal Bahadur Shastri International Airport, which is approximately 26 km (16 mi) from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following day, 13 May, the French were undone by their poor tactical deployment. They strung their	their	PRON	armour	NOUN	 armour
Only to the north of latitude 80° N is it permanently hidden below the horizon. The apparent magnitude	magnitude	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fenby later wrote a book about his experiences of working with Delius. Among other details, Fenby reveals Delius	Delius	PROPN	's	PART	's
In particular, the term was not applied to the Cornish or the Breton peoples, who are of similar	similar	ADJ	heritage	NOUN	 heritage
" The bridge acted as a siphon because the water level was above the roadway, and the structure has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
She assisted the badly damaged battlecruiser SMS Seydlitz reach port on 2 June after the conclusion of the battle.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
He was a consensus All American and team MVP in 1942. He played in the 1943 East – West	West	PROPN	Shrine	PROPN	 Shrine
For example, within Henry's letter to Magnús in 1256, Magnús is described to have been invested with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Even Wethey accepted that " he [El Greco] probably had painted the little and much disputed triptych in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Collier was born in London in 1774, the second son of the chief clerk of the Victualling Board Ralph	Ralph	PROPN	Collier	PROPN	 Collier
The median longevities of breeds of similar size are between 11 and 13 years. There is an anecdotal report	report	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The theme song, " A View to a Kill ", was written by Barry and Duran Duran,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
, Ivanka and Eric Trump attended the topping off party on September 24, 2008. Original plans called for	for	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
” Like Texas, Oklahoma suffered a defeat one week before the Red River Shootout, losing to the Colorado	Colorado	PROPN	Buffaloes	PROPN	 Buffaloes
A Toronto group, which included Bill Ballard, son of Harold, and Basketball Hall of Famer Wilt Chamberlain	Chamberlain	PROPN	submitted	VERB	 submitted
I had to join them as people [sic] as well as [as] a drummer. "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
This suggested an origin of either very faint stars or extremely distant galaxies. Even the most accurate positions contained	contained	VERB	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
In 1968 the school sent 77% of its boys on to university, a rate surpassed only by the	the	DET	independent	ADJ	 independent
The long overrun of the final episode was caused by a temporary break in transmission to replace a failing microphone	microphone	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
WASP 66 is a sunlike star of spectral type F4V. A planet with 2.3 times the mass of Jupiter orbits	orbits	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The ship sank in less than two minutes after one of her magazines exploded, and Makarov was one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also stated: My fellow Americans, our long national nightmare is over. Our Constitution works; our	our	PRON	great	ADJ	 great
Kiarostami's adaptation arrives at theoretical realm of adaptation by expanding its limit from inter textual potential to trans generic	generic	ADJ	potential	NOUN	 potential
Various such individuals formed the Romanian Legion of Siberia, which resisted the Bolsheviks in cooperation with the Czechoslovak Legions	Legions	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Pilots were responsible for navigation, and when accurate navigation was essential, a second pilot was carried. Early	Early	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Stephen agreed to another truce with Geoffrey, promising to pay him 2,000 marks a year in exchange for peace	peace	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Here it was part of No. 91 (Composite) Wing, which controlled the RAAF's units during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Australia then played two triangular tournaments in Asia. Gilchrist struggled in India, scoring 86 runs at 17.20.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
To Goebbels ' disappointment, circulation was initially small, only 2,000. Material in the paper was highly anti	anti	ADJ	communist	ADJ	 communist
His best memory of these schooldays is of a teacher who introduced him to the works of Pieter Brueghel.	.	PUNCT	Outside	ADJ	 Outside
The city's first fire department was a hook and ladder company organized in 1880 by the board of trustees	trustees	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The relegation of No. 1 TAF to areas of operations bypassed by the main Allied thrust towards the Philippines	Philippines	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The opening crawl utilizes the version of John Williams ' main Star Wars theme that was re recorded for the	the	DET	prequel	ADJ	 prequel
The goods yard at Chesham was closed in 1966, and a train hauled by a former GWR 5700 Class	Class	PROPN	locomotive	NOUN	 locomotive
An anthology of Italian poems, published in Venice in the 1560s, hailed John Sigismund as " patron of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Patel and Menon emphasised that without integration, the economies of states would collapse, and anarchy would arise if	if	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
B.N. Verma- One of the famous high school English teachers in Myanmar. U Myo Nyunt (Myo Nyunt Mathematics	Mathematics	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
A loss to Wake Forest in the 2007 Meineke Car Care Bowl — the team's second bowl appearance all	all	DET	time	NOUN	 time
He skied as fast as he could to Bågenholm's location, where he and his rescue team tried unsuccessfully	unsuccessfully	ADV	to	PART	 to
Amin became the subject of rumours and myths, including a widespread belief that he was a cannibal. Some	Some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The returning Chinook, carrying the remainder of the A Company group including second in command (2IC) Captain	Captain	PROPN	Danny	PROPN	 Danny
By August 1979, when Kennedy decided to run, polls showed him with a 2 to 1 advantage over	over	ADP	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
The British Waterways Board (BWB) came into existence on 1 January 1963, the day the Forth and	and	CCONJ	Clyde	PROPN	 Clyde
Falle's pimp kept her imprisoned for the years that he prostituted her, and trafficked her across Canada to	to	ADP	Edmonton	PROPN	 Edmonton
IGN's Colin Moriarty argued the game as a major improvement over the original Mega Man and that it even	even	ADV	surpasses	VERB	 surpasses
In the United States, the premiere episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. earned a 4.7 / 14 rating in the	the	DET	18-	NUM	 18-
According to economist Peter Boettke, Rothbard is better described as a property rights economist than as an Austrian economist	economist	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Billboard named it a " Spotlight " pick among its Top Album Picks in November 1973, with the	the	DET	reviewer	NOUN	 reviewer
" In addition to the letters in Always Rachel, in 1998 a volume of Carson's previously unpublished work	work	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Wiseman formulates a plan to combat the Cursed Wave, enlisting Helba's assistance. Their teamwork destroys the Wave	Wave	PROPN	monster	NOUN	 monster
The review also said " R & B ballad " Tie Me Down " featuring smooth Auto tuned vocals from	from	ADP	Ray	PROPN	 Ray
The McMaster athletic teams are known as the Marauders, and are members of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport. McMaster	McMaster	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
By the end of August, the school was operating one of its two required Link Trainer simulators. As	As	ADP	of	ADP	 of
" The Charter contains no provision allowing the UNGA to delegate any powers it does not itself possess. And	And	CCONJ	while	SCONJ	 while
Tartarus (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) is the Chieftain of the Brutes, easily recognized by his white	white	ADJ	hair	NOUN	 hair
The city consists of an urban centre and twenty two rural villages: Alto Colorado, Alto Ramírez, Barrancas	Barrancas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
GM do Brasil followed three months later with the Chevrolet Corsa 1.8 Flexpower, using an engine developed by a	a	DET	joint	ADJ	 joint
Mal (u) mund (a) -arium was " a place with winding waters " or, most	most	ADJ	probably	ADV	 probably
She explains that the sculptor appeared reluctant to make the change and that time constraints ultimately left the design intact	intact	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The first 3D installment in the series, its gameplay focuses on solving puzzles, fighting enemies, and various	various	ADJ	platforming	NOUN	 platforming
" With 11 minutes left, the ball was dribbled from the goal line into midfield, then passed from	from	ADP	flank	PROPN	 flank
With the other conspirators he had recruited, Catesby also planned to incite a rebellion in the Midlands, during	during	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Kellerman becomes angry when Falsone questions the report of Mahoney's death, which indicates Kellerman shot Mahoney to save	save	VERB	Lewis	PROPN	 Lewis
The Booklist called the novel one of " the highest level of books about animals " and praised its combination	combination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He signed a one year contract with the club, with an option of a second year. Foster made	made	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" There wasn't a lot of money or enough time. Terry is a perfectionist, but he was	was	AUX	really	ADV	 really
To close the month, the Phillies lost the opener of their next series with the Braves to finish the	the	DET	month	NOUN	 month
Shepard Road is a four lane roadway with minimal intersections that follows the Mississippi River northeast into downtown Saint Paul	Paul	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Making the connection of the sport of boxing to reggaetón, which are both a male dominated arena; Queen	Queen	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The four main nations that export enough agriculture to be able to exert food power are the United States,	,	PUNCT	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
At the orientation meeting, Dwight and Jim find that Todd Packer (David Koechner) is still working at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Pressed for time, both financially and by those expecting a symphony, he " rushed into production. "	"	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Following Wilder's arrival, the team won 15 of the remaining 21 league matches that season. A 5	5	NUM	point	NOUN	 point
In the years since, praise for the work has been consistently high. It is considered a " science	science	NOUN	fiction	NOUN	 fiction
Some 843 conscientious objectors spent more than two years in prison; ten died while there, seventeen were initially	initially	ADV	given	VERB	 given
India Wadsworth plays the wife of Ra's al Ghul and the mother of Talia. Warner Bros. president of	of	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
" A way to resolve the disparity in population between countries would be to apportion representation to regions instead of	of	ADP	nations	NOUN	 nations
In the 2013 Critérium du Dauphiné, four different jerseys were awarded. For the general classification, calculated by	by	ADP	adding	VERB	 adding
Storm Coaster officially opened to the public on 6 December 2013. Storm Coaster is themed to the effects of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The sibyl to the left faces the cross with her back to the viewer while the turbaned mourner on the	the	DET	right	NOUN	 right
" Lim Kit Siang attributed the opposition's defeat to Mahathir's liberalism and the government's adoption of the	the	DET	DAP	PROPN	 DAP
Skanderbeg also feared that if the Angevins took Naples, they would turn to Albania where they had previously maintained	maintained	VERB	a	DET	 a
These games were followed by other stealth series, such as Hitman and Splinter Cell. Later games in the	the	DET	genre	NOUN	 genre
The bronze equestrian statue measures 12 ft (3.7 m) tall, 10 ft (3.0 m) long	long	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
" Beverly Johnson had previously started to bridge the gender gap at Camp 4, but it remained strongly male	male	NOUN	dominated	VERB	 dominated
After a heavy crash, Trenchard found that his paralysis was gone and that he could walk unaided. Following	Following	VERB	further	ADJ	 further
The actress and character first appeared in the first season episode " The Reporter ", in which she had	had	VERB	sex	NOUN	 sex
The rebel qualities of the group were on show in the lead up to the Olympics. An obstacle arose	arose	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In its third week, the album peaked at number three. In total, the album remained in the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
This separatist issue could preclude Moldova from joining NATO. The NATO intervention in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992 and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
A photo taken in 1954 shows James Towley handing Fred Ossanna a check while one of the streetcars burned in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cecil's partnership with his father continued until the latter's death. Besides his work as a lawyer,	,	PUNCT	Alexander	PROPN	 Alexander
This battle was advertised as the " Full Nelson Challenge. " Another heated feud leading up to this event	event	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Initially called " the bridge to nowhere ", the Admiral Clarey Bridge was instrumental in Senator Daniel Inouye's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2005, almost immediately after the Planica event, talks were under way to upgrade the hill in Vikersund	Vikersund	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Operation Torch, the Allied invasion of French North Africa, precipitated a crisis in Kesselring's command. He	He	PRON	ordered	VERB	 ordered
At 121 the standardised mortality ratio is the highest in Cheshire, as is the percentage of persons with limiting	limiting	VERB	long	ADJ	 long
The final scenes of the episode, particularly Ben turning the wheel, Penny and Desmond's reunion and the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
All languages rely on the process of semiosis to relate signs to particular meanings. Oral and sign languages contain	contain	VERB	a	DET	 a
" [The main character] was somebody that you couldn't decide if you liked or hated, and	and	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
He has adhered to history where he could discover any facts adapted to his purpose; and when history failed	failed	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The Arab army, thwarted in its objective and with supplies running low, withdrew. Leo escaped to Pisidia	Pisidia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Becky Bain of Idolater described the song as a " dramatic, gloomy epic of a tune that has	has	AUX	each	DET	 each
As with the two digit routes, three digit routes have been added, removed, extended and shortened;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
However, the string of homes ends near the northern town line, and the highway becomes flanked by forests	forests	NOUN	once	ADV	 once
Beyond Our Ken was written around the imperturbable establishment figure of Horne, while the other performers played a "	"	PUNCT	spectrum	NOUN	 spectrum
This was the theme of his last published book, Man Creator or Destroyer, completed in 1952 when he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Initial responses to Stacy were mostly positive. TV Guide's Matt Roush stated that he was pleased with the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
In September 1721, the Grand Duchess died; instead of willing her possessions to her children, as prescribed	prescribed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Radiography may also show cervical emphysema, air in the tissues of the neck. X rays may also show	show	VERB	accompanying	VERB	 accompanying
The specific epithet is derived from the Latin word olla, meaning " pot ". Cyathus olla bears a	a	DET	resemblance	NOUN	 resemblance
In 2002 – 03, Emery joined the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL) and immediately	immediately	ADV	assumed	VERB	 assumed
It is never played to the east, " because the sun will never rise on that Aggie again.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Eligible recordings had to feature the Hawaiian language on " more than half of its vocal tracks ", though	though	SCONJ	instrumental	ADJ	 instrumental
After the festival, the Wagner family journeyed to Venice for the winter. Wagner died of a heart attack	attack	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" – Sioux City Register, March 28, 1868 The Missouri basin suffered a series of catastrophic floods around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
With Lerner still on board, in the 2014 – 15 season Aston Villa scored just 12 goals in 25	25	NUM	league	NOUN	 league
Commended for his " great skill, enterprise and fearlessness ", Scherf was subsequently awarded the Distinguished Service Order	Order	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the biathlon, all Paralympic athletes shoot from a prone position. A factoring system is used in the	the	DET	sport	NOUN	 sport
But even after NASA reached internal agreement, it was far from smooth sailing. Kennedy's science advisor Jerome	Jerome	PROPN	Wiesner	PROPN	 Wiesner
Ships in the vicinity of the depression reported that it had regained gale force winds on August 8, resulting	resulting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It was first announced at the 2010 San Diego Comic Con International. Critical responses to the episode were mostly	mostly	ADV	positive	ADJ	 positive
In 2004, he acted in a supporting role in the romantic comedy Wimbledon, also featuring Kirsten Dunst as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The game received awards from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and Spike TV, among others.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
After the beginning of the North American leg, Spears announced a summer leg in the United States in June	June	PROPN	as	ADV	 as
" Lindstrom describes this as " a philosophy called ' What Could Lara Do? ' — WCLD. It	It	PRON	's	AUX	's
The people of South Park decide to turn Muhammad over to the Gingers, fearing the violence that will befall	befall	VERB	their	PRON	 their
By contrast, the novel was positively reviewed by such literary figures as George Eliot and Mrs. Humphrey Ward,	,	PUNCT	whose	DET	 whose
" – Nominated Alvy Singer: " Don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone I love.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Despite Kennedy's sparse acquisition of individual awards, many sportswriters consider Kennedy as possibly the greatest player to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
The two river bridges, McClintic Marshall's portion, were completed first, and the $21 million road	road	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Initial development was conducted by Saunders Roe, which merged into Westland Aircraft in 1964. Westland was subsequently the	the	DET	prime	ADJ	 prime
Maude did much better than Temperatures Rising in the New York City area, while Temperatures Rising fared better than	than	ADP	Maude	PROPN	 Maude
Together with the director Sir Peter Hall and the designer William Dudley, he presented a Ring cycle that aimed	aimed	VERB	to	PART	 to
(2008) says distance is 1623 parsecs (5300 light years). The angular expansion of the nebula	nebula	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
It is usually built in dense vegetation and close to water, but sometimes in tree holes. In India	India	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 9 March 1942, he reported to the President, Franklin D. Roosevelt, that it might be possible	possible	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The programming was done by Exact, known for the Jumping Flash! series. Ghost in the Shell was	was	AUX	designed	VERB	 designed
It was first released in November 1994, and under the name Super Donkey Kong (スーパードンキーコング, Sūpā Donkī	Donkī	PROPN	Kongu	PROPN	 Kongu
) A " contiguous zone " of a further 12 nmi are permitted for hot pursuit of vessels charged with	with	ADP	violating	VERB	 violating
In January 2007, ISMB and ECCB agreed to hold joint conferences in Europe every other year, beginning with	with	ADP	ISMB	PROPN	 ISMB
After Johnson fell for four at 7 / 246, Lindwall then joined Tallon and the pair survived to the	the	DET	close	NOUN	 close
His compositions include works for orchestra, quartet, and solo piano, while his musical style ranges from "	"	PUNCT	quietly	ADV	 quietly
This aircraft was ordered to prevent a shortfall of airlift capacity while the original four C 17s underwent scheduled heavy	heavy	ADJ	maintenance	NOUN	 maintenance
The episode prominently features the drug scopolamine which can cause people to quickly become unconscious, and twilight sleep,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
He was unable to repeat the success achieved during his first spell and was sacked two seasons later with Norwich	Norwich	PROPN	mid	ADJ	 mid
Named as the province's vice president and military commander, Caxias arrived in São Paulo on 21 May 1842	1842	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 1985, CNLS initiated the Stanislaw M. Ulam Distinguished Scholar program, which provides an annual award that enables	enables	VERB	a	DET	 a
All units were located in Darwin except No. 42 Squadron, which was based at Melville Bay. The	The	DET	Catalina	PROPN	 Catalina
The breed has a squarely built muscular body and an oval shaped head with a long muzzle and long ears	ears	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
After listening to fan demand, Atlus decided to make a fourth numbered entry in the Shin Megami Tensei subseries	subseries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Because of the relatively weak and disorganized nature of the storm, impact throughout its path was widespread, but	but	CCONJ	not	PART	 not
It continued to trade under her name after she left it in 1973, but her reputation rests on her	her	PRON	articles	NOUN	 articles
He has created a Brazilian rainforest filled with animals on top of his roof. There Nikki and Loudon —	—	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 28, 1993, and features three	three	NUM	short	ADJ	 short
Thảo reasoned that aligning himself with a group of officers that were likely to successful would yield more influence in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The book was published shortly before Mother's Day and Angelou's 85th birthday. It focuses, for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
In the " red reality ", two police officers are sitting in a car talking when they receive a	a	DET	report	NOUN	 report
A group of investigators led by Jeremy Richardson of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center spectrally measured HD 209458 b	b	NOUN	's	PART	's
The belt armor was a much more intractable problem; the 16 inch gun could penetrate 13.5 inches of plate	plate	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, there are some EU policies that have had an impact on sport, such as the free movement	movement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sampson commented that even during his life, this myth had become " so powerful that it blurs the realities	realities	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A significant portion of the year was spent learning to perform the songs they wrote; the recording itself took	took	VERB	six	NUM	 six
This public / private partnership was challenged by residents of the Brickyard Road neighborhood, who earlier had opposed affordable	affordable	ADJ	housing	NOUN	 housing
The strain point is reached when the glass has a viscosity of 1014.5 poise. The annealing point, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Kenji Ito, along with other players, performed " Fool's Dance " from Dawn of Mana at the	the	DET	Extra	ADJ	 Extra
A PPP spokesman stated he underwent angioplasty in the United States. In September 2005, he did not show	show	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The police are here to fully investigate the circumstances and report them to the coroner. " An inquest was	was	AUX	opened	VERB	 opened
As commander of the AWRS, Treloar worked enthusiastically and at times had to be ordered to take holidays.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The ballot claimed that a vote for Diệm would be a vote for democracy, stating " I depose Bảo	Bảo	PROPN	Đại	PROPN	 Đại
Bypassing El Hawaish, they made for Bir Mahadat, arriving at midday they discovered the Turkish were withdrawing to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The road is 18.58 miles (29.90 km) long and is a suffixed highway of U.S. Route 9 (	(	PUNCT	US	PROPN	US
The subspecific annamiticus is derived from the Annamite Mountain Range in Southeast Asia, part of this subspecies ' range	range	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before the early 1990s, New World Order conspiracism was limited to two American countercultures, primarily the militantly anti	anti	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
The Joker is scheduled to appear in the 2016 film Suicide Squad, portrayed by Jared Leto. The Joker	Joker	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
The fruit bodies of the saprobe typically grow in clusters on or near rotting hardwood tree stumps or underground tree	tree	NOUN	roots	NOUN	 roots
Various species are known to feed on dead arthropods (scavenging), web silk, and their own shed	shed	NOUN	exoskeletons	NOUN	 exoskeletons
The eight living male sons followed different paths: Domingo José Estanislao became canon at the local cathedral, while	while	SCONJ	Carlos	PROPN	 Carlos
The disaster undermined confidence in Charles ' capacity to rule. Parisians considered it proof of courtly decadence and threatened	threatened	VERB	to	PART	 to
" We are going to take some time away now because we just ran for two years " he said	said	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The county seat of St. Jones (renamed Kent County in 1681) is at Dover. After 2000,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
RIDA was renamed as the Majlis Amanah Rakyat (The Indigenous People's Trust Council) or MARA in 1965	1965	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
... Therefore the Jews must not be enabled to pave the place. Carl Sandreczki, who was charged with	with	ADP	compiling	VERB	 compiling
The LaVale toll house is the first of its kind to be built along the National Road, and it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Tariffs had been raised to high levels during the Civil War. Afterwards, Garfield, who made a close	close	ADJ	study	NOUN	 study
Shortly before the 1884 election, the Republican media published an affidavit from Halpin in which she stated that until	until	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Göring agreed and listed a number of forms that the sweeps may take. The most important tactical change he	he	PRON	made	VERB	 made
He moved to nearby Thornhill, Ontario soon after, and one or two years passed before he asked his	his	PRON	parents	NOUN	 parents
The tide water gristmill on the Gowanus was the first in the town of Breukelen and was the first mill	mill	NOUN	ever	ADV	 ever
TG 52.2 then voyaged to the Gilbert Islands to add additional firepower to the strikes currently hitting them. Departing	Departing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On August 16, it intensified as it moved ashore near Cedar Key, where hurricane force wind gusts were	were	AUX	briefly	ADV	 briefly
Radiocarbon analysis showed that they were constructed from 1040 to 1160. The walls were as tall as 2.75 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Cuyo region has an arid or a semi arid climate. The region's wide range in latitude,	,	PUNCT	combined	VERB	 combined
One way of, hopefully, assuring victory there was to nominate a son of Ohio. Between 1865 and	and	CCONJ	1929	NUM	 1929
The pilot, Walter Blume was severely injured and taken prisoner. Within a short time, the Germans turned	turned	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Australians would also have to clear the withdrawal route of any blocking forces, while at the same time	time	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The seventh and final track, " For Crying Out Loud ", is a more sedate love song.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Murray joined the Folklore Society in February 1927, and was elected to the society's council a month later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
JFK was released in theaters on December 20, 1991. Box office started slow but picked up momentum and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
After retiring from the post of Superior General of the Holy Ghost Fathers, Lefebvre was approached by traditionalists from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The authorities also financed a new cultural center, raised in the immediate vicinity of Bojdeuca during 1984 – 1989	1989	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In an interview with PopSugar's Lindsay Miller, Stefani identified the song as being " a very personal song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
One NODAK 32 airplane remained to the west, while one TULSA 13 airplane broke away from the tanker and	and	CCONJ	followed	VERB	 followed
The current rule is that a move must be made on the board before it is written on paper or	or	CCONJ	recorded	VERB	 recorded
She reminded us all of our responsibility to nature and I don't remember what else. Her voice had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
The road between Port au Prince and the Haiti's Sud Department was closed at Grand Goâve in the Ouest	Ouest	PROPN	department	NOUN	 department
Some indigenous elites such as the Xajil Kaqchikel noble family did manage to maintain a level of status into the	the	DET	colonial	ADJ	 colonial
Their distributions are thus fragmented, with little evidence of intermingling of subpopulations. Because of their long lifespans and	and	CCONJ	low	ADJ	 low
She last saw him in 1881, and he died in April the following year. Morris described his mixed	mixed	ADJ	feelings	NOUN	 feelings
The remaining sorties were directed at Brussels marshalling yards, Hamm and Krefeld. One Armstrong Whitworth Whitley failed to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
Berneray has been inhabited since prehistoric times and Historic Scotland have identified eighty three archaeological sites on the island,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The depression passed near or just north of Guam, as tracked by radar. By late on September 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The reviewer praised the animations in the characters, especially after the snakes eat Nibbly Pibbleys, and he enjoyed	enjoyed	VERB	the	DET	 the
President Reagan announced on September 16, 1983, that the Global Positioning System (GPS) would be made	made	VERB	available	ADJ	 available
Louise's untimely death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty, as the Napoleonic Wars and	and	CCONJ	need	VERB	 need
Sepinwall added he liked the Chipotle subplot, but commented, " Overall, ' Dead Celebrities ' was a	a	DET	misfire	NOUN	 misfire
The NDB's radio emission pattern was uniform in all directions in the horizontal plane. The NDB's on	on	ADP	board	NOUN	 board
For her maiden voyage in June 1861, Amazon sailed to Five Islands to take on a cargo of timber	timber	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Manzanero has sung " Por Debajo de la Mesa " as a duet Peruvian musician Tania Libertad on the duo	duo	NOUN	's	PART	's
American war correspondent Walter Graeber wrote for TIME magazine from the Tobruk trenches in 1942 that " old tins of	of	ADP	British	ADJ	 British
The faster British ships began to pull away from their pursuers, and at 18: 00 Grosser Kurfürst was	was	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
Its viral cause and spread were understood by the early 20th century. Apart from eliminating the mosquitoes, work	work	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Abbot's Kitchen is described as " one of the best preserved medieval kitchens in Europe ". The	The	DET	14th	ADJ	 14th
The October 12, 1874, edition of the South Branch Intelligencer characterized the new bridge as a " complete	complete	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" Kadeen Griffiths of Bustle observed that Kim " never put on spandex or acquired a secret identity; instead	instead	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He joined the band full time shortly thereafter and the band entered the studio with producer Jerry Finn later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
He studied privately with Liszt in Italy from 1863 to 1865, one of the few students allowed to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
The Great Hall at the centre of the north range is entered through a porch and screens passage, a	a	DET	feature	NOUN	 feature
In January 1943, Murphy was processed through Camp Kilmer, New Jersey. He arrived at Casablanca, in	in	ADP	French	ADJ	 French
Before the changes, all existing members voted on new admissions, and four " no " votes meant rejection	rejection	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After the Gallipoli Campaign, Australian troops returned to Egypt and the AIF underwent a major expansion, which involved	involved	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, upon escaping, Gollum decides to betray them and take the Ring back for himself. He tricks	tricks	VERB	Frodo	PROPN	 Frodo
The film is a sequel to the film adaptation of the first installment in the Silent Hill series. Directed	Directed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Agincourt was leading the inshore column of ships, contrary to normal practice where the senior flagship lead the inshore	inshore	NOUN	column	NOUN	 column
Apart from the depth and consistent nature of the alluvium, Mummy Cave is also characterized by extreme dryness.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The application of gold on the shields, in contrast to its absence on the rest of the ceiling,	,	PUNCT	serves	VERB	 serves
Of these additions, the use of a preface was discontinued in his next odes along with the removal of	of	ADP	details	NOUN	 details
Music from the 1980s is typically played in the queue area, true to the decade in which the ride	ride	NOUN	debuted	VERB	 debuted
Its potential severity has driven much research to prevent it and divers almost universally use decompression tables or dive computers	computers	NOUN	to	PART	 to
West of the Clinton city limits is an interchange with Clinton County Road Z36 (CR Z36), which	which	PRON	serves	VERB	 serves
She was launched on 18 August 1935 and completed on 27 February 1937. The ship was named after Lieutenant	Lieutenant	PROPN	Commander	PROPN	 Commander
As built, Curie did not have a deck gun. The Brumaire class featured twin propeller shafts driven by	by	ADP	two	NUM	 two
In 1987, he publicly came out as gay. In 1990, Frank was instrumental in crafting the 1990	1990	NUM	Immigration	PROPN	 Immigration
Much of his curriculum was likely designed by priest Piotr Skarga, much respected by Sigmismund III. Władysław studied	studied	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Our story takes place in one year; the real story took place over four years. People who know	know	VERB	the	DET	 the
Kurt Aland and his team from the Institute for New Testament Textual Research were the first scholars who exclusively were	were	AUX	invited	VERB	 invited
Early research on the galactic habitable zone, including the 2001 paper by Gonzalez, Brownlee, and Ward,	,	PUNCT	did	AUX	 did
The first version update for Halo 3 was released on February 19, 2008, and addressed various bugs such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The event is the largest and most successful student run fundraising event in the United States for the March of	of	ADP	Dimes	PROPN	 Dimes
A dam broke along the river, flooding the town of Chokwe in the middle of the night and trapping	trapping	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
This parish, among others, was obliged to contribute to the repair of the fifth pier of Rochester bridge	bridge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the end of 1905 football looked about to be abolished due to all of the reoccurring violence during games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first attempt to create an independent Romanian army was made by Gheorghe Magheru during the 1848 Wallachian Revolution,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Later, Kurt succeeds in becoming a finalist for NYADA, as does Rachel. In " Dance with Somebody	Somebody	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Trains had to use the old Hoved Line from Oslo S to Lillestrøm, but could use the new high	high	ADJ	speed	NOUN	 speed
The Riverina is represented at the federal level in two divisions of the Australian House of Representatives, the Division	Division	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
1705 – 7 April 1739) was an English highwayman whose exploits were romanticised following his execution in York for	for	ADP	horse	NOUN	 horse
Professional gamers dedicate many hours each day to playing StarCraft when preparing for the highly competitive leagues. Lee Yun	Yun	PROPN	Yeol	PROPN	 Yeol
In the first of its three phases, beginning on 23 October, the New Zealanders advanced behind a creeping	creeping	VERB	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
All of the surviving families of crocodyliforms inhabited freshwater and terrestrial environments — except for the Dyrosauridae, which lived	lived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After his experience of seeing the production of television plays in New York, he was eager to work in	in	ADP	drama	NOUN	 drama
The young Air Force was a small organisation with the atmosphere of a flying club, although several pioneering flights	flights	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The former routing of US 213 between Wye Mills and Ocean City is now US 50 between Wye Mills and	and	CCONJ	Vienna	PROPN	 Vienna
A lower caniniform, larger than the upper, took the first position in the dentary and was accommodated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
New Jersey Transit ’ s Atlantic City Line runs a short distance to the northeast of the route at this	this	DET	point	NOUN	 point
Owing to the state of tension, repairs could not be effected, and only ammunition, coal, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Born in Kirkheaton, Hirst first achieved success for Yorkshire as a bowler who could bat a little. Over	Over	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Although the report acknowledged Monica as the only character with whom test audiences identified somewhat positively, NBC admitted that	that	PRON	reception	NOUN	 reception
Returning to the 3rd Division, Dannatt planned two exercises at the British Army Training Unit Suffield in Canada.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
To the network's credit, they not only aired it, but they did not advertise it. I	I	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
The descent of Beorhtwulf is not known, but it appears that dynastic tension was a continuing factor in the	the	DET	Mercian	ADJ	 Mercian
More interested in the plant's medicinal properties than its culinary use, he also recommended pickled hogweed juice as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Dishonored appeared on several lists of the best games of 2012, and was placed at number one by Ars	Ars	PROPN	Technica	PROPN	 Technica
The final round saw both fighters grappling, with Oliveira reigning victorious. In the second bout, Shane Roller	Roller	PROPN	rebounded	VERB	 rebounded
Standarte under the overall command of Höherer SS- und Polizeiführer Ost Friedrich Wilhelm Krüger. The unit was short of	of	ADP	basic	ADJ	 basic
Beginning in June 1917, Wilhelm von Krosigk served as the ship's commanding officer; he held this position	position	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
The city's gardens feature numerous native plants alongside other species that have been imported over the course of the	the	DET	centuries	NOUN	 centuries
Nobody else comes even close to mind who could similarly toy with his own dignity without losing it ".	.	PUNCT	Wansell	VERB	 Wansell
Between levels the story is explained and moved forward through the use of short animated cut scenes with text on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Finishing his tour with No. 101 Flight the following year, Hewitt was posted to Britain in 1934.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The revised ending saw the Enterprise swoop in at the last minute to save Picard and destroy the collector ship	ship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Jackson took over command of No. 75 Squadron after his brother was killed in action on 28 April 1942	1942	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Diane struck the state only five days after Hurricane Connie struck the same general area. Diane quickly weakened as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
On December 4 (November 21 O.S.), about 2,000 people arrived in Vilnius; half of them were	were	AUX	officially	ADV	 officially
Chiderah Monde from the New York Daily News felt that the dance sequence during the end of the video was	was	AUX	similar	ADJ	 similar
A sweatshirt found at the crime was subsequently discovered to contain the DNA of a convicted felon, his prison	prison	NOUN	nickname	NOUN	 nickname
Though he played a fundamental role in the development of U.S. air power strategy, he is perhaps better known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
No further goals meant the game was decided on a penalty shoot out. The first four penalties were scored	scored	VERB	–	PUNCT	 –
Its nodal position, later reinforced by construction of various railways, explains the development of the glass works and	and	CCONJ	later	ADV	 later
For a prolonged prothrombin time, vitamin K or fresh frozen plasma may be administered to reduce bleeding risk.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
This protection effect is good evidence of a specific reaction of the irreversible inhibitor with the active site. The	The	DET	binding	VERB	 binding
Besides from dressing in latex rubber clothing, she and her back up dancers had to wear ballet pointe heels	heels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A well sited castle that made use of natural defences and had strong ditches and walls had no need for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
There are two bicycle shops along the trail in both Gardiner and New Paltz. Flora along the northern end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Rosenbaum expressed that his return for the final episode was for the fans, stating, " I appreciate all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
For his next serial, Hergé planned to put together a story that caricatured the actions of Nazi Germany,	,	PUNCT	developing	VERB	 developing
Simon Called Peter's sequel, Recompense, was made into a film, and his later novels all attracted	attracted	VERB	substantial	ADJ	 substantial
Cut scenes feature Cyrus in all prior scenes or dancing with others in the mansion's study. The video	video	NOUN	concludes	VERB	 concludes
" James Poniewozik wrote for Time that the episode " began to let the swords do the talking, "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Found on basalt- or granite based soil, it is a component of complex notophyll vine forest or rainforest,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
After the period of unrest following the Russian Revolution of 1917, the building was nationalized and later converted for	for	ADP	communal	ADJ	 communal
" Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly described the film as, " A lush and terrifying spectacle of romantic doom	doom	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Meanwhile, the USAF was gradually changing the anticipated F 105 mission from nuclear interdiction to conventional bombing. The	The	DET	Look	PROPN	 Look
As a result it became a popular store for valuable cargoes including brandy, cotton, tea, silk,	,	PUNCT	tobacco	NOUN	 tobacco
As this route was not connected to the mainline of Route 20, it was designated Route 120 by the	the	DET	1990s	NOUN	 1990s
The belt tapered down to 30 mm (1.2 in) at the bow, though the stern was not	not	PART	protected	VERB	 protected
The first official video, entitled " Beneath the Surface ", was released on 17 July 2008, and	and	CCONJ	featured	VERB	 featured
" In the opening game against Lawrence, Maulbetsch scored three touchdowns, but he was " woefully weak on	on	ADP	interference	NOUN	 interference
The company's Chief Chemist was soon working on the problem of a suitable adhesive and within a matter of	of	ADP	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
The architectural designs of these projects have reflected not only the style currents of their time, but the societal	societal	ADJ	debate	NOUN	 debate
Ultimately, more than 200 players wore number 42, including the entire rosters of the Los Angeles Dodgers,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Sisters on soap operas were usually the ones who shared " men, makeup, and misery. " Dimitri	Dimitri	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Justice Department still retained supreme overall control, but some say over decisions at the municipal level was delegated	delegated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Farmer and his brother moved to Los Angeles in 1945, attending the music oriented Jefferson High School, where	where	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Carbon dating implies that the shield was deposited in the 10th century BC, although metallurgical evidence suggests that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
However, Milan had also lost two final wearing all white, most recently against Liverpool in 2005. This	This	DET	decision	NOUN	 decision
Rhenium has one stable isotope, rhenium 185, which nevertheless occurs in minority abundance, a situation found only	only	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Translated by Lloyd C. Kannenberg. (2000), Kannenberg, L.C., ed., Extension Theory,	,	PUNCT	Providence	PROPN	 Providence
In 1978, as a travel correspondent for The Toronto Star, Lewis visited Svisloch one last time, and	and	CCONJ	noted	VERB	 noted
Low pressure systems form under areas of wind divergence that occur in the upper levels of the troposphere. The	The	DET	formation	NOUN	 formation
They spent $250,000 storing the sets from the first film. Tim Burton had mixed emotions about directing another	another	DET	film	NOUN	 film
All failed, and her transport ship was sunk later that year by the British with the submarine aboard.	.	PUNCT	Bushnell	PROPN	 Bushnell
ATP synthase releases this stored energy by completing the circuit and allowing protons to flow down the electrochemical gradient,	,	PUNCT	back	ADV	 back
For the English language, the European Commission's English Style Guide (2010) states that sentences are always	always	ADV	single	ADJ	 single
A subgroup of solar urticaria, fixed solar urticaria, has also been identified. It is a rare,	,	PUNCT	less	ADV	 less
An area of low pressure consolidated over Texas on April 26 and traveled east while the aforementioned shortwave trough traversed	traversed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The suit also alleges that significant bonus payments were concealed. The curious dealings led to congressional hearings about why	why	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Tipu escaped in the general panic whilst Mendes was captured and killed by the Nairs, who mistook him for	for	ADP	Tipu	PROPN	 Tipu
The first locomotive that Rogers ' company assembled was actually built by Robert Stephenson and Company of England in 1835	1835	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Fights, which may last up to thirty minutes, involve threat displays typical of bovids accompanied by snorting.	.	PUNCT	Fights	NOUN	 Fights
After he won the 1942 Geneva International Piano Competition he was permitted to give piano recitals, but was still	still	ADV	not	PART	 not
Production began only three months after Flavas were designed, and The New York Times described their launch as being	being	AUX	rushed	VERB	 rushed
The Survival Edition from Steam includes a digital 32 page art book, 10 downloadable tracks from the Tomb Raider	Raider	PROPN	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
What biographical details are available place the artist as a devout Catholic, deeply influenced by mystical and devotional texts	texts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the US the song was released as a radio only single, and was therefore ineligible to chart on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Wilfredomys, a Brazilian rodent with some similarities to J. anoblepas, the premaxillary bone forms a narrow projection	projection	NOUN	towards	ADP	 towards
They embarked on a national farewell tour, ending the band after a sold out show on July 2,	,	PUNCT	2005	NUM	 2005
TxDOT only has $7.7 million of the $30 million required for construction costs. Bexar County will pay	pay	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Apostolic functions relate to evangelizing previously unreached areas or people groups, while prophetic functions " occur when believers speak	speak	VERB	under	ADP	 under
By the time that Henry VII took the throne in 1485, England's governmental and social structures had been	been	AUX	substantially	ADV	 substantially
The British steam freighter SS Llanfair was hit and sunk, travelling as part of SL 41 from Sierra Leone	Leone	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
He continued to pursue his aeronautical interests and qualified as a glider pilot with the Fuerza Aérea Argentina. From	From	ADP	1988	NUM	 1988
By the end of the month, the battalion, now under the command of Burrows (Kippenberger had been	been	AUX	promoted	VERB	 promoted
However, this resurgence soon became commodified as a trend, while actual awareness within the African American community was	was	AUX	limited	ADJ	 limited
From there through the coast of southwestern Florida, small craft were advised to remain near shore due to rough	rough	ADJ	seas	NOUN	 seas
Abram's son Allen Adler (1916 – 1964) was, among other things, the screenwriter of Forbidden	Forbidden	PROPN	Planet	PROPN	 Planet
The work was partly financed by a Commonwealth Government grant with the State Government arranging for the balance. The	The	DET	State	PROPN	 State
St. Clair reached Fort Edward on July 12 after five days of grueling marches. Some of the remnants that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
" The Telephone " was Bava first color film that attempted to emulate the visual style of the covers that	that	PRON	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Ten by Pearl Jam was certified 13x platinum by the RIAA. Soundgarden's album Badmotorfinger and Alice in Chains	Chains	PROPN	'	PART	 '
A remake of the original Halloween was released in 2007. This film focuses on the events that led Michael	Michael	PROPN	Myers	PROPN	 Myers
A shot from the 18 pounder cannon destroyed the barricades at the front of the church, and Mexican soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	entered	VERB	 entered
In a 1978 classification of the genus Clavaria, Ronald Petersen placed C. zollingeri in the subgenus Clavaria, a	a	DET	grouping	NOUN	 grouping
The Hax logo used on Hax lemon juice dates back to at least 1935, at which time it was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
" In response to a question asking if the magic presented in the Harry Potter series should be considered in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
His unit was tasked to approach the enemy by surprise and quickly return to camp. Luna had admired García	García	PROPN	's	PART	's
An early Sub Pop catalog described the Green River EP as " ultra loose GRUNGE that destroyed the morals of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Chimneys were blown down in the city; and a resort along Lake Pontchartrain was underwater, and many houses	houses	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The second attempt failed simply because neither party wanted to negotiate. The final round of negotiations where the Z	Z	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
Streep does nicely as the bad kid and we get many fine moments in this memorable program. " TV	TV	PROPN	Squad	PROPN	 Squad
According to speculation, the sale was motivated by financial issues and a personal distaste of the building. It	It	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
Spurred by the success of the tall ships race and the International Garden Festival, Arrowcroft pushed on with the	the	DET	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
Their powers were limited to granting of " general and special pardons " and to " confer with any of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
This style of dome required complex centering and radially oriented formwork to create its tight curves, and the earliest	earliest	ADJ	surviving	VERB	 surviving
Suter was the third member of his family to play defence for the Wisconsin Badgers, following brothers John and	and	CCONJ	Bob	PROPN	 Bob
Shellfish, such as crab, shrimp and clams, accounted for 195,000 tonnes (215,000 tons) with a	a	DET	value	NOUN	 value
1371 / 1372 – 1410) — grandfather of Margaret Beaufort, Henry VII's mother. Henry (1375	1375	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
It was more difficult to take Koroni. General Sébastiani showed up there on October 7 with a party from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
On April 16, 1863, Grant ordered Admiral David Porter's Union gunboats south under fire from the Vicksburg	Vicksburg	PROPN	batteries	NOUN	 batteries
In 1923, the state of New Jersey passed the Good Roads Act, which greatly expanded the state highway	highway	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
In the Republic of Rhodesia, the Prime Minister formally reported to the President. Smith and the RF decisively	decisively	ADV	won	VERB	 won
Only two of her 12 person crew survived. Several mostly intact cases of whisky and brandy left behind at	at	ADP	Cape	PROPN	 Cape
It also allowed for women to join the community as postulants, with the aim of eventually taking religious vows	vows	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Piquet scored his first points in Formula One in the race, having failed to score up to that	that	DET	point	NOUN	 point
The album's other commercially released single, " Wishlist ", charted on the Hot 100 at number 47	47	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
It contains a chorus sung by Beyoncé, while other verses are sung by West and Jay Z in a	a	DET	rap	NOUN	 rap
Enron's complex financial statements were confusing to shareholders and analysts. In addition, its complex business model and	and	CCONJ	unethical	ADJ	 unethical
McCreary was one of five commissioners charged with overseeing construction of the new governor's mansion and exerted considerable influence	influence	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Double Allergic was well received by Allmusic, with reviewer Jonathan Lewis claiming that Powderfinger " managed to successfully create	create	VERB	an	DET	 an
He continued to perform well during 2007 and 2008, and was awarded the NBC Denis Compton Award, as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
But I ’ m not trying to get in anybody ’ s soup, I ’ m just trying to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
As it comes to MD 328 (New Bridge Road) in West Denton, the route passes near residences	residences	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Within weeks of it being performed, " Born to Try " became the number one single in Australia.	.	PUNCT	Nina	PROPN	 Nina
A second ' lift ' of 220 Horsa and Hamilcar gliders carrying the 6th Air landing Brigade and other units	units	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Tropical Storm Hermine and the remnants caused heavy rainfall across along most of the southern and eastern parts of Mexico	Mexico	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Government Hooker " garnered acclaim from music critics. Roberts asserted that the song's dynamic was a quirky	quirky	ADJ	exception	NOUN	 exception
Following the commercial success of The Evil Dead (1981), Raimi and Campbell decided to collaborate on another	another	DET	project	NOUN	 project
The order, however, was never carried out because the triumvirate was deposed by the Revolution of October 8	8	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At this time the team were managed by Bert Cooke, who did so for 23 years in total,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Woodward later said that " outrageous Rose is the perfect foil for caustic Cora ". She named them as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In addition, US 9 was built to connect to US 1 in Woodbridge on its current alignment (then	then	ADV	designated	VERB	 designated
Because identical siblings come from the same zygote, they are genetically the same. Fraternal twins are as genetically	genetically	ADV	different	ADJ	 different
Prior to the 2015 – 16 season, Michigan extended Beilein's contract through the 2020 – 21 season.	.	PUNCT	Beilein	PROPN	 Beilein
Catherine was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, and he took the annulment as a	a	DET	personal	ADJ	 personal
It follows the chord progression G – Am7 – C – D. The verses are driven by banjos and drums	drums	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The report named several prominent Yankees who were parts of World Series clubs; there is a long running	running	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
CIEDRA would have opened over 500,000 acres (200,000 ha) adjacent to the new wilderness areas to motorized vehicle	vehicle	NOUN	use	NOUN	 use
The legal position was unclear, and it took three years before a ruling by the Court of Session was	was	AUX	finally	ADV	 finally
In round seven, both fighters went toe to toe and in round eight he hurt Judah several times.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The protests by supporters of Eve's effort caused Rockefeller to call for an eleven month construction moratorium starting in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Tracheal intubation can be associated with minor complications such as broken teeth or lacerations of the tissues of the upper	upper	ADJ	airway	NOUN	 airway
The second reason this was problematic is that " breakdancing " was originally called b boying or breaking by the	the	DET	street	NOUN	 street
Triple H agreed to it only if the charges were dropped, which Hornswoggle agreed to. On January 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Great Hall also features the actual lockers of several former Steelers, including Hall of Fame members Franco Harris	Harris	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He was mentioned in despatches on 11 December, and promoted to flight commander the following month. Despite Little	Little	PROPN	's	PART	's
The site is on the northwest corner and last buildable site available on the National Mall, overlooking the Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	Memorial	PROPN	 Memorial
Uru: The Path of the Shell, extended the story of Uru in the present and added multiple never	never	ADV	before	ADV	 before
Waylon Smithers made his first appearance in this episode, although he can be heard over a speaker in The	The	DET	Simpsons	PROPN	 Simpsons
" Cole had a part in Mary Harron's The Moth Diaries, which was released in 2012. Cole	Cole	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
" and " Burn " did, while " Yeah! " was still at the top of the chart	chart	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was later placed on injured reserve and twice underwent surgery on each side of his groin. Zakuani's	's	PART	contract	NOUN	 contract
MDF is commonly used to construct subwoofers for permanent installations as its density is relatively high and weatherproofing is not	not	PART	a	DET	 a
On May 9, 2006, Oded Fehr was confirmed to reprise his role of Carlos Olivera, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
China does not involve itself in the domestic affairs of the countries with which it trades, hence has not	not	PART	followed	VERB	 followed
Waivers were granted for only three welds, all of which were buried 17 feet (5.2 m) under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later, he lived for a time in New York City where he edited a machine tool magazine, but	but	CCONJ	after	SCONJ	 after
George VI (who succeeded King Edward on his abdication late in 1936) did not attend until 1940,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A 1563 diocesan return shows that 17 families lived in the village and 120 people took Holy Communion; by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1820, Adair was elected eighth governor on a platform of financial relief for Kentuckians hit hard by the	the	DET	Panic	PROPN	 Panic
When a RAF squadron has successfully engaged a Luftwaffe unit on the map, the game will shift to a	a	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The fossils include leaves with visible veins, as well as sporocarps. The Marsileaceae share many of the basic	basic	ADJ	structural	ADJ	 structural
The toxic ToxN protein is approximately 170 amino acids long and has been shown to be toxic to E. coli	coli	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Such statements, according to Wilkinson, made members " distinctly uncomfortable ". The next day the marchers returned	returned	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The ship lift was complete in December 2015. Each main water turbine has a capacity of 700 MW.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As of 2013, the number of HMAs had been reduced to 179, covering 31.6 million acres. Three	Three	NUM	HMAs	NOUN	 HMAs
She was laid down in April 1891, launched in August 1893, and completed in June 1897. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
With the realm now peaceful, Edward left England to join Louis IX on the Ninth Crusade; he was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Moors shot the footage for " Good Hit " on one location using two different sets. He wanted a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In the ONA's terminology, the terms Drecc and Niner refer to folk based or gang based culture or	or	CCONJ	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
He was enthusiastic about a way of life that has virtually disappeared now. " Brian Tetlow, chairman of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The station operates constantly, burning municipal household waste from the local councils of Stockton on Tees, Hartlepool,	,	PUNCT	Middlesbrough	PROPN	 Middlesbrough
The reserve depicts the winged and haloed lion of Saint Marc in a front view, holding the book of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reznor wrote in 2008 that " more volumes of Ghosts are likely to appear in the future. " In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
The win was Toronto's 48th of the season and 22nd on the road, both tying franchise records.	.	PUNCT	Four	NUM	 Four
Friedman quit the team following the season when Mara denied him an ownership stake, telling him " I'm	'm	AUX	sorry	ADJ	 sorry
A. J. Allmendinger took third place, ahead of fourth placed Jimmie Johnson and Martin Truex, Jr.. There	There	PRON	were	VERB	 were
The tactics proved successful in the Canadian Wing. Johnson scored his 19 — 21 victories on 23 and 26	26	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
The quality of Type 94 Nambu pistols decreased towards the end of World War II as the Japanese faced bombing	bombing	NOUN	raids	NOUN	 raids
The police chief asserted that Providence's violence was not stranger to stranger, but relationship driven. The pattern	pattern	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The church has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration as it has been designated a Grade II * listed	listed	VERB	building	NOUN	 building
Virginia's death had a significant effect on Poe. After her death, Poe was deeply saddened for several	several	ADJ	months	NOUN	 months
He became interested in psychology towards the end of his undergraduate career after reading the work of William James and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
John Longbottom from Kerrang! magazine regarded the short film as one of the " finest works " by Thirty	Thirty	NUM	Seconds	PROPN	 Seconds
" Rick Florino of Artistdirect gave the song five out of five stars praising the hook as one of the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
Throughout the month of May, the Ministry was involved in matches with Mankind, Ken Shamrock, the Big	Big	PROPN	Show	PROPN	 Show
Federally, Omak is part of Washington's 4th congressional district, represented by Republican Doc Hastings, elected in	in	ADP	1995	NUM	 1995
" The line was developed over the following four years – with multiple pieces teased by West himself – before	before	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Nevertheless, Antillean music can be characterized by the prominence of the Carnival celebration (prominently from Trinidad and Tobago	Tobago	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
At the eastern end is Leg Square, which is surrounded by three large houses originally built by owners of	of	ADP	some	PRON	 some
With its bonds functioning as bank notes, the company gradually moved into the business of lending and discounting to	to	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Much public outrage resulted from the mystery shrouding Claudius ' death and the death itself; there was a clear	clear	ADJ	desire	NOUN	 desire
This particular character was intended to be different to all others, and thought to be " abnormal " compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Indian Space Research Organisation has scheduled the launch of a 100 kg satellite named Aditya for 2017 – 18	18	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Although the audience still struggles to make sense of the stories, the characters are no longer trying to solve	solve	VERB	their	PRON	 their
It was the highest rated show on the Fox network that week, beating Married... with Children. Since	Since	SCONJ	airing	VERB	 airing
The story was written by Masato Kato, and the music was composed by Yoko Shimomura. The game was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
It runs from Interstate 8 (I 8) southeast of Holtville to SR 111 in Calipatria; the entire route	route	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
As title artist Maurice Binder was creating the credits, he had an idea for the introduction that would appear	appear	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It is unknown whether this version, a hand colored print struck from a second generation negative, was colored	colored	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" The painting diverges somewhat from the biblical story, in that the tax collector confronts the whole group of	of	ADP	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
Princeton had commitments to teach army and navy personnel, and he needed physicists like Smyth to meet those commitments	commitments	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Other malformations that have been noted with the syndrome are omphalocele and an umbilical hernia. Congenital abnormalities of the	the	DET	heart	NOUN	 heart
Against Boston College, running back Da ' Rel Scott handled some of the kickoff return duties, but Smith	Smith	PROPN	returned	VERB	 returned
He finally managed to ensure a respectable budget for Formula One by late 1994, which was " effectively underwritten	underwritten	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Paul Haggis, who was labeled " doughy " and " pasty " by the church, likewise felt	felt	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Family Islands were surveyed on September 5 and 6, when it was noted that major damage occurred within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is typically 13 – 18 cm (5 – 7 in) long and weighs around 100 g (	(	PUNCT	3.5	NUM	3.5
The imperial administration was coordinated by the chancery with headquarters at Persepolis, Susa, and Babylon with Bactria,	,	PUNCT	Ecbatana	PROPN	 Ecbatana
It is set in the key of F minor, specifically, F Dorian mode, and has a basic	basic	ADJ	sequence	NOUN	 sequence
As with all of Tan's productions, the film was targeted at lower class native audiences of all ages	ages	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There is no recorded information on the Lānaʻi hookbill's breeding behavior. However, the other Hawaiian honeycreepers are	are	AUX	remarkably	ADV	 remarkably
After an unsuccessful search for employment in Turkey and Austria Hungary, Somerset lived the rest of his life in	in	ADP	self	NOUN	 self
In 1959, the study's final report called for the construction of two rapid transit subway lines in downtown	downtown	NOUN	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide,	,	PUNCT	Warren	PROPN	 Warren
It included copies of the found parchments (the originals were of course never produced), though it did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Final details were settled following discussions between Stalin, Stavka and the leadership of the Southwestern Strategic Direction led by	by	ADP	Timoshenko	PROPN	 Timoshenko
Hence hafnium has virtually the same atomic radius (and chemistry) as zirconium, and tantalum has an atomic	atomic	ADJ	radius	NOUN	 radius
[Here lies a highly lettered man, of the highest moral and religious integrity, Robert Hues, on	on	ADP	account	NOUN	 account
At another crop outpost in Tunisia, the Cigarette Smoking Man warns Strughold that Mulder remains a threat, as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Thomas Cranmer, the imprisoned archbishop of Canterbury, was forced to watch Bishops Ridley and Latimer being burned at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rhodes now played for Yorkshire as a middle order batsman and front line bowler but England's captain Douglas showed	showed	VERB	uncertainty	NOUN	 uncertainty
Morrissey shadowed officers in the Metropolitan Police's murder unit during their duties to learn about their jobs. He	He	PRON	discovered	VERB	 discovered
Directed by Kathryn Bigelow, it received critical acclaim and won six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. Bigelow	Bigelow	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
The system crossed the West Bengal coast later and moved to the northwest across the Chota Nagpur Plateau. The	The	DET	depression	NOUN	 depression
The music covers many styles including piano, hard rock, and electronic music. The soundtrack was published by	by	ADP	DigiCube	PROPN	 DigiCube
This is partly due to the conflicts Britain was engaged in over this period. The Peninsular War resulted in	in	ADP	so	ADV	 so
" Give Me All Your Luvin ' " reached number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart; the	the	DET	singer	NOUN	 singer
In June, Jehan de Scheyfve reported that Dudley himself would marry Margaret Clifford, a granddaughter of Mary Tudor	Tudor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He first raided Richmond, defeating the defending militia, from January 5 – 7 before falling back to Portsmouth	Portsmouth	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At one point, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory relax and eat fish fingers and custard, a	a	DET	reference	NOUN	 reference
Nevertheless, their main complaint is that they don ’ t think the driver should be able to switch the	the	DET	sound	NOUN	 sound
Tigers once ranged widely across Asia, from Turkey in the west to the eastern coast of Russia. Over	Over	ADP	the	DET	 the
During loading operations on July 15 the winch at No. 2 hold began making a hammering noise. A	A	DET	steady	ADJ	 steady
In a 2005 poll of Radio Times readers, Staffa was named as the 8th greatest natural wonder in Britain	Britain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A development team was formed, which decided to create the game using Defender's hardware. Newcomer conceived Joust	Joust	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Flower includes PlayStation Network trophies in keeping with the game's feel. While some are objective based, many	many	ADJ	are	AUX	 are
The Engraving Copyright Act 1734 extended copyright to cover engravings, statutes in 1789 and 1792 involved cloth, sculptures	sculptures	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Everett in particular had to school John C. Calhoun on the diplomatic ramifications of pursuing claims after slaves mutinied aboard	aboard	ADP	a	DET	 a
" The Late Great Johnny Ace " was interrupted when an audience member ran to the stage and shouted at	at	ADP	Simon	PROPN	 Simon
Other materials that have been successfully dated include ivory, paper, textiles, individual seeds and grains, straw	straw	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The system comprises 48 sprinklers — twice the minimum FIFA recommendation. The stadium will have wi fi and 4	4	NUM	G	NOUN	 G
Additionally, both games include all previously released downloadable content, and feature improved graphics, upgraded models and environments	environments	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was ranked 127th by Sight & Sound in the 2012 edition of their prestigious decennial critics poll. Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Soichiro Honda was primarily the engineering and production leader of the company, always with an eye towards winning on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The remaining town officially survived until 1929, when it was annexed to Oregon City. Gladstone was founded by	by	ADP	Judge	PROPN	 Judge
Khan advances Jasmine's career by rigging awards, and showers her with gifts; he becomes obsessed with her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Moving over decreasing sea surface temperatures, Waka began to undergo an extratropical transition, which it completed on January	January	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Aged 36, and just 40 days older than Dennis Taylor was when he won the title in 1985,	,	PUNCT	O'Sullivan	PROPN	 O'Sullivan
Twelve isotopes of lawrencium are known, with mass numbers 252 – 262 and 266; all are radioactive.	.	PUNCT	Additionally	ADV	 Additionally
These despatches included a request from the comte de Grasse, commander of the West Indies fleet, for information	information	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Nobody Knows Me " was rehearsed with the Peter Rauhofer's Private Life remix. According to Dirk Timmerman	Timmerman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Both Patrice Lumumba and Joseph Kasa Vubu eventually arrived, and the soldiers listened to Kasa Vubu " religiously.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Brigman is looking for a connection between the disappearances of thousands of individuals, and their reappearance years later without	without	ADP	ever	ADV	 ever
" The district's success led to the proposed expansion in 2014. The district includes all the area of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The relief around this sengkalan memet shows birds siphoning honey from flowery trees. The maintenance of Taman Sari was	was	AUX	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
Some of these other investigators, including Langley and Chanute, sought the elusive ideal of " inherent stability "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
As it became exemplary of modern romantic comedies in mainstream culture, the film was also received well by critics	critics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The mob, however, proceeded to search the church for them, and George was discovered by a Latin	Latin	ADJ	soldier	NOUN	 soldier
The coins were made from blanks, or planchets, that had been intended for mintage into 1924 Stone Mountain	Mountain	PROPN	Memorial	PROPN	 Memorial
Ottawa Ont. 80.2002, p. 1649. (PDF, online) ISSN 0008 4301 P. Schuchert: Phylogenetic	Phylogenetic	ADJ	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
To better integrate the LRTA and MRTC networks, a unified ticketing system utilizing contactless smart cards, similar to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another possibility is Henry R. Reynolds, one of the judges overseeing the Fourth Ward Polls at Ryan's Tavern	Tavern	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Produced by DJ Clue of Desert Storm Records, the remix is a midtempo tune backed by " R &	&	CCONJ	B	NOUN	 B
The singer performed " FutureSex / LoveSound " in a medley with " Need You Tonight " (1987)	)	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Teja (Kalabhavan Mani) is a high profile gangster in North Madras, who often imitates the behaviour characteristic	characteristic	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Matthew Shipp commented on the free elements in the playing, describing the album as " one of the greatest	greatest	ADJ	examples	NOUN	 examples
He therefore planned to kill James by blowing up the House of Lords with gunpowder, and then inciting a	a	DET	popular	ADJ	 popular
The difference in opinion led to a very public feud, as Carey began posting messages on her webpage in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
For that portion of the week that Littleton was in Toledo, he stayed at the apartment of artist Hal	Hal	PROPN	Lotterman	PROPN	 Lotterman
The naupliar eye is a characteristic of the nauplius larva and consists of four cup shaped ocelli facing in different	different	ADJ	directions	NOUN	 directions
For the tip off, he sent his shortest player, Tommy Kearns, in order to rattle Chamberlain,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Some leading figures from the critical countries, such as Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of	of	ADP	China	PROPN	 China
In such situations, the normal remedy is to grant an injunction limiting the time of the activity. Another	Another	DET	exception	NOUN	 exception
In 1967, after five films, Sean Connery retired from the role of James Bond and — during the	the	DET	filming	NOUN	 filming
Anna Johns of AOL's TV Squad declared " Fireworks " as " one of the best episodes so far	far	ADV	this	DET	 this
Following the outbreak of war between Japan and China in July 1937 the Japanese government at first attempting to contain	contain	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Russian official estimates are 2,300 – 3,000 killed and wounded on the first day, and 7,460 on the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The remainder of the ground floor was occupied by cellars, with family rooms and bedrooms on the upper floors	floors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The society relaunched the following year as " Liverpool Society for the Promotion of Women's Trade Unions ",	,	PUNCT	expanding	VERB	 expanding
They suggested that Thomas Lovell should undertake the work, which he did, at a cost of £12,000	12,000	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He also is parsimonious in his praise for Aldhelm, a West Saxon who had done much to convert the	the	DET	native	ADJ	 native
In response, Parkview claimed to have given a legally binding undertaking to the council to provide certainty that the	the	DET	chimneys	NOUN	 chimneys
Despite a small range, it is classified as " Least Concern " because it lacks obvious threats and much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Supporting her third studio album Artpop (2013), the tour ran from May 4, 2014 to November	November	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
Team manager Boyer defended Moncoutié, saying Hushovd was likely to surpass Roy and win any sprint at the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Westbound NY 31 in the area, however, follows one block of Woodbury Boulevard and two blocks of South	South	PROPN	Clinton	PROPN	 Clinton
When Eddy first met Quimby in Portland in October 1862, she had to be helped up the stairs to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In addition, the Japanese have questioned the U.S. commitment to safe operations of its military assets in light of	of	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
The ericoid mycorrhizal fungi associated with Calluna, Erica and Vaccinium can grow in metalliferous soils containing copper. The	The	DET	ectomycorrhizal	NOUN	 ectomycorrhizal
The Avalanches felt their early music could not compare to that sound and desired a recording with less bass that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
After unsuccessfully attempting to resolve disputes with Eddie Livingstone, owner of the Toronto Blueshirts, executives of the three	three	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
Parseghian called the close win against Hayes and Ohio State " one of Northwestern's greatest victories ". The	The	DET	following	VERB	 following
With the British defences slow to respond to the German attack, 602's Pinkerton and McKellar only managed to	to	PART	engage	VERB	 engage
Cavallo resigned at midnight the same day, and the rest of the cabinet followed suit. There was increased	increased	VERB	looting	NOUN	 looting
Pankhurst absorbed an appreciation of drama and theatrics from her father, which she used later in social activism.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The compromise version was passed by the Senate on February 24, 1982 by voice vote, and by the	the	DET	House	PROPN	 House
Three roads with residential housing, Manor Way, Windmill Way and Park Way were completed before the outbreak of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" – Nominated AFI's 10 Top 10 – Nominated Gangster Film Reservoir Dogs ranks at No. 97 in	in	ADP	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
Several players were charged and fined accordingly by the FA and Wenger apologised for his team's overreaction. The	The	DET	team	NOUN	 team
It has an average adult weight between 247 and 1,000 kg (545 – 2,205 lb). The species	species	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In 1905 Lansbury was appointed to a Royal Commission on the Poor Laws, which deliberated for four years.	.	PUNCT	Lansbury	PROPN	 Lansbury
" The List " was the highest rated episode of the season. Despite this, it became the lowest	lowest	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
The culminating play of the drive was a 45 yard pass from Taylor to Coale for the touchdown, which	which	PRON	extended	VERB	 extended
Leaving the car with two parking attendants, who promptly joyride it unknowingly to them, the trio visit the	the	DET	Art	PROPN	 Art
Building the World Trade Center involved excavating 1,200,000 cubic yards (920,000 m3) of material. Rather than transporting	transporting	VERB	this	DET	 this
The white eggs of Brazza's martin measure 18.5 mm × 112.5 mm (0.73 in × 4.43 in)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Matthew Paris wrote that Richard stated: " You might as well say, ' I make you a present	present	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Valentine has published a comprehensive descriptive grammar, a volume of texts including detailed analysis, as well as a	a	DET	survey	NOUN	 survey
" In a July 8, 2004 article for Rolling Stone magazine, music journalist Robert Christgau praised the impact	impact	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1851 the archaeologist Charles Robert Cockerell published his analysis of the iconography, numbering the nine sculptural divisions from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
A Royal Commission established in 1842 to investigate the problem concluded that London's burial grounds had become so overcrowded	overcrowded	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Assigned the serial number 1440, the XSO2U 1 flew for the first time, as a landplane, in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
This third element is set several years after the events of the third serial, Quatermass and the Pit (	(	PUNCT	1958	NUM	1958
In Egypt, despite the 2007 ban, women wanting FGM for their daughters discuss the need for amalyet tajmeel	tajmeel	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Malayalam dubbed version Raksha released on 13 April 2012 though it was planned for a simultaneous release with Ragalai	Ragalai	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Past the I 78 crossing, US 1 / 9 continues north, with the lanes splitting as it passes	passes	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Eliminated from the tournament, Well and Dunn competed individually in the Royal Rumble match, a battle royal.	.	PUNCT	Well	INTJ	 Well
" While on its erratic path off the northern Gulf Coast, Juan killed 12 people, nine of whom	whom	PRON	offshore	ADV	 offshore
They copied the main armament layout of Inflexible with their turrets arranged en echelon so that both turrets could directly	directly	ADV	ahead	ADV	 ahead
After a three and out by Michigan, UMass blocked Michigan's punt and drove for its third fourth quarter	quarter	NOUN	touchdown	NOUN	 touchdown
The PADI tables known as the PADI Recreational Dive Planner (RDP) were developed by Raymond Rogers and tested	tested	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He wanted to know if they were ready to accept this extreme humiliation. Mainly the ministers were prepared to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
Nonetheless, Rabin gave " The Ones " a B-. David Bauder of the Guelph Mercury, however,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Contador. then attacked alone and, after cooperation with Ryder Hesjedal, gained more than a minute on his	his	PRON	rivals	NOUN	 rivals
" The Seattle branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco was opened in 1917 and spent its first	first	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
With the desegregation of the U.S. military in 1948, segregated Asian American units ceased to exist, and Asian	Asian	PROPN	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
[The defendant argues] that the mere extinguishment of the Indian title did not subject the land to appropriation	appropriation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He married Daisy Ethel Potter, a typist, at St Andrew's Anglican Church, Strathfield, on 31	31	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
Weber's explanations are highly specific to the historical periods he analysed. Others though disagree, pointing out that	that	SCONJ	despite	SCONJ	 despite
After the match ended without a decisive winner, the promoters stepped in, turned up the arena lights,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Damage was estimated at ₱ 2.23 billion (US $39.3 million). Precipitation peaked at 228 mm (	(	PUNCT	9.0	NUM	9.0
Coleman liked the recordings and sent Epstein to Martin, the A & R manager of Parlophone. On the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
In Time Out London David Jenkins gave the film one star out of six, writing that it lacked depth	depth	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
One troop, twenty men, encountered a force of sixty Turkish cavalry and charged them, armed only with	with	ADP	rifles	NOUN	 rifles
While the North Korean leaders enthusiastically welcomed the plan, it soon foundered on Hanoi ’ s opposition. Having	Having	AUX	realized	VERB	 realized
The next year, Michael kills the hermit and returns to Haddonfield to find Jamie (Harris) again,	,	PUNCT	chasing	VERB	 chasing
The ticket is good for 8 rides. The multi ride card provides a discount of about 21% off	off	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Melvilles then returned to New York City, where Herman eventually found work as a customs inspector. Melville	Melville	PROPN	continued	VERB	 continued
The episode originally aired on May 21, 2002; Alfred Gough and Miles Millar wrote the script, and	and	CCONJ	Greg	PROPN	 Greg
The most substantial impact was felt in Carnarvon where entire homes were washed away. Following the disaster, emergency	emergency	NOUN	supplies	NOUN	 supplies
In addition, February was relatively quiet despite being the climatological peak. Majority of the storms developed in the	the	DET	northeast	ADJ	 northeast
It frequents sandy or muddy flats, preferring water with a salinity of 25 – 43 ppt and a temperature	temperature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The normal fuel oil capacity was 5,280 metric tons (5,197 long tons), giving an estimated endurance of	of	ADP	6,300	NUM	 6,300
The depression tracked westward at 15 to 20 mph (32 km / h) but weakened rapidly. The	The	DET	next	ADJ	 next
He concluded that the team had " all the elements to create something special " The video opens with a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
" Jonathan Lewis from AllMusic gave the album four and a half out of five stars, concluding that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Kagame was declared the winner of the election, according to results released by the National Electoral Commission on 11	11	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
Advice is given on choosing the best supplies in the market. For instance: Fowls. — If a	a	DET	cock	NOUN	 cock
" Diwali " first aired on November 2, 2006 in the United States on NBC during November sweeps week	week	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The next day, a special envoy from Charles II, Lord Arlington, met with William in Nieuwerbrug and	and	CCONJ	presented	VERB	 presented
The season's activity was reflected with an accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 45. ACE is	is	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
The bonus features included on both the DVD and Blu ray Disc are " Fantasy Comes to Life ",	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
After making landfall, the storm weakened, leaving it just between tropical storm and tropical depression status. Because	Because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
The Wilmington and Great Valley Turnpike Company was chartered on January 23, 1811 to build a turnpike running north	north	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Seven days later, Fusō rescued 353 survivors from Mutsu when that ship exploded at Hashirajima. Between 18 and	and	CCONJ	24	NUM	 24
" DeRogatis contended that while Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness " may even match The Wall in its sonic	sonic	ADJ	accomplishments	NOUN	 accomplishments
On September 23, 1955 the State Council named Peng one of the ten marshals of the PLA, China	China	PROPN	's	PART	's
It is Waugh's penultimate full length work of fiction, which the author called his " mad book "	"	PUNCT	—	PUNCT	 —
As a consequence, despite its distance from London, Waddesdon Road station became part of the London Underground network	network	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, " I never expected any sort	sort	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Disney owned publisher Hyperion paid $6.7 million for the rights to publish a book about Pausch called The	The	DET	Last	PROPN	 Last
Although the developers were explicitly responding to the criticism, they saw the changes and additions as making the sequel	sequel	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Due to his poor eyesight, Larkin failed his military medical examination and was able to study for the usual	usual	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
If the player killed some but not all monsters, the human arrives at Asgore's castle and learns that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Trampling can be of benefit because it breaks up accumulated dead organic matter. The small and isolated nature of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jarrell produced artworks inspired by theories learned in school and scenes of everyday life in black Chicago. With an	an	DET	interest	NOUN	 interest
However, these taxes were almost entirely directed at the major landowners and city elites, rather than the commoners	commoners	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
A sequel to the 2005 film Fantastic Four, the film is directed by Tim Story. Ioan Gruffudd as	as	ADP	Reed	PROPN	 Reed
The Mk 1 was used for development and flight testing. Five were completed. The Mk 2 version was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
Slagel was acting as executive producer. Metoyer is Christian and the lyrics from Show No Mercy did not bother	bother	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The final significant group of reinforcements to join was the 8,000 man strong IX Corps from the Department of the	the	DET	Ohio	PROPN	 Ohio
With an army of eighty thousand soldiers, he also besieged the city of Jalalabad in present day Afghanistan.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In spite of this, Chambers remained some distance behind his North American counterparts. In his first major outing	outing	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Shiva half has a flat masculine chest, a straight vertical chest, broader shoulder, wider waist and	and	CCONJ	muscular	ADJ	 muscular
His " allround display of incredible nerve and tenacity " helped to secure the trophy for England. In 2010	2010	NUM	he	PRON	 he
These are Baptism, Confirmation, the Eucharist, Penance, Anointing of the Sick (formerly called Extreme Unction	Unction	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Willkie kept the public pressure on: like most corporate executives, he had not spoken out against Roosevelt's	's	PART	New	PROPN	 New
Opened in 1931, the memorial is located on the corner of North Terrace and Kintore Avenue, on the	the	DET	edge	NOUN	 edge
But late that night Malcolm X telephoned. ' I'm sorry. You're right. I was upset	upset	ADJ	about	ADP	 about
From this new style of heavy metal, they grew others even more aggressive styles but always influenced by punk	punk	NOUN	rock	NOUN	 rock
The resulting weight of people caused a retaining wall to collapse, killing 39 people and injuring hundreds more.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Dalglish was replaced as manager early in the following season by Ruud Gullit. The club once again finished thirteenth	thirteenth	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Writer and executive producer Howard Gordon was originally working on an episode about someone who appeared to be immortal,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
For both groups, republicans and military, it had become a case of " now or never ".	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Ford bulked up to 260 pounds and quickly became a fixture of Cleveland's defense alongside linebacker Bill Willis and	and	CCONJ	defensive	ADJ	 defensive
, believed, had calmed Saldívar and was the reason she did not kill Selena in the parking lot.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It entered at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 extension, the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These are however long term aspirations, and whilst progress is being made in engine development, the more immediate	immediate	ADJ	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
Depending on the player's choices in the second game, Tali may either be an Admiral or merely an	an	DET	advisor	NOUN	 advisor
The Hunter T.7a is based at North Weald Airfield in the UK. Hunter Flying Ltd. (now Horizon Aircraft	Aircraft	PROPN	Services	PROPN	 Services
He finished the campaign by scoring the opening goal in a 1 – 1 draw with Monaco. Despite the	the	DET	positive	ADJ	 positive
After implementing the Emancipation Proclamation, which did not apply to every state, Lincoln increased pressure on Congress to	to	PART	outlaw	VERB	 outlaw
This is a fundamental concept studied in the field of developmental psychology, the subfield of psychology that addresses the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
Goldhagen examines the Roman Catholic Church ’ s role in the Holocaust, and offers a review of scholarship in	in	ADP	English	PROPN	 English
After the defeat of the Aztecs, the Spanish forbade traditional religious practices and rituals that they considered " pagan	pagan	PROPN	idolatry	NOUN	 idolatry
" After some discussion and delays due to bad weather, Gardiner and a company of his men agreed to	to	PART	accompany	VERB	 accompany
The Galileo mission was twice extended, in 1997 and 2000. During these extended missions, the probe flew	flew	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The research suggests that these magpies followed a very similar pattern as human infants while they were developing. One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In July 2010, Rockstar North posted seven job advertisements related to a new title. The company wanted to	to	PART	recruit	VERB	 recruit
" On 1 November, elements went over to the offensive, reducing an enemy pocket east of Maizières lès	lès	NOUN	Metz	PROPN	 Metz
An acquaintance of Bell's, Belfast organist Eric Wrixon (29 June 1947 – 13 July 2015),	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
We'll build the success at Glenbrook North. " His father said: " I get chills thinking about	about	ADP	it	PRON	 it
The drinks wobbling as the townspeople approach Kim Basinger and Alec Baldwin's house is a reference to the film	film	NOUN	Jurassic	PROPN	 Jurassic
Less than two weeks later, on 2 December, Admiral Hipper submitted his request to be placed on the	the	DET	inactive	ADJ	 inactive
On 31 December 1660, following his brother's restoration, James was created Duke of Albany in Scotland,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
While engaged in this operation, Whittle was wounded on 19 March and admitted to a field hospital suffering shrapnel	shrapnel	NOUN	wounds	NOUN	 wounds
A rail line branches off in three directions: northward to Fort St. John, east to Dawson Creek,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The regular showing of the breed led to the development of a uniform type, and the Beagle continued to	to	PART	prove	VERB	 prove
In later years, the two grew apart. While McCartney would often phone Lennon, he was apprehensive about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first section of tunnel was completed in September 1998, and the TBMs moved to Havnegade. By December	December	PROPN	1998	NUM	 1998
Originally cast for three guest appearances in the second season, Emerson's role was expanded. As leader of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They consumed 51,000 tonnes (50,190 long tons; 56,220 short tons) of coal per week and had a	a	DET	peak	NOUN	 peak
Since 1890 Dickinson has remained continuously in print. A few of Dickinson's poems appeared in Samuel Bowles '	'	PART	Springfield	PROPN	 Springfield
Steve Jordan played the drums, while Sharrod Barnes was responsible for the guitar and Bhasker handled the keyboards.	.	PUNCT	Ronson	PROPN	 Ronson
What separates these leagues from other major North American sports leagues is that they do not eject players simply for	for	ADP	participating	VERB	 participating
With all of the wishes used, he goes to throw out the paw, but his neighbor Ned Flanders	Flanders	PROPN	asks	VERB	 asks
The Committee will draft new bylaws that will better define the role and term of the WMATA Board Chairman.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The main base is Nordholz, although units are always stationed at Heligoland Airport and Warnemünde, and sometimes at	at	ADP	Borkum	PROPN	 Borkum
The Round Church is popularly identified with the " new golden church " referenced in a colophon to an Old	Old	ADJ	Bulgarian	ADJ	 Bulgarian
While the waves generated by the earthquake were limited, the event demonstrated the rapid onset of tsunami hazards,	,	PUNCT	giving	VERB	 giving
The track features Queen and Dominican bachata singer Frank Reyes; she expressed her love for the song (and	and	CCONJ	bachata	NOUN	 bachata
The SSHS was originally created using both wind speed and storm surge, but since the relationship between wind speed	speed	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He balanced this strengthening of the supernatural and ancestral legitimacy of his kingship against inclusiveness of the commoner class by	by	ADP	making	VERB	 making
The Giants committed only two penalties for a total of ten yards, and their defense set a franchise record	record	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Robert orders Ashtar to hand over his sword and give up, but Ashtar escapes with Irene, telling Ryu	Ryu	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The icon is known by various names: Vaikuntha, Vaikunthanatha (" Lord of Vaikuntha "), Chaturmurti	Chaturmurti	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
This erosion created expansive talus fields which surround the plateaus on all sides, creating slopes capable of supporting abundant	abundant	ADJ	plant	NOUN	 plant
Sensational reportage and the mystery surrounding the identity of the killer or killers fed the development of the character "	"	PUNCT	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
To promote the film, Siegmund Lubin placed an advertisement in Billboard; appearing in its October 15, 1904	1904	NUM	issue	NOUN	 issue
However, one stele of Hammurabi has been found as far north as Diyarbekir, where he claims the title	title	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A road linking the Santa María de la Cabeza and San Antonio de la Eminencia castles was mentioned by Agustín	Agustín	PROPN	Crame	PROPN	 Crame
The animators referenced a book of lost art for the designs. Other cultural references in the episode include Grampa	Grampa	PROPN	's	PART	's
A study from 1925 compiled the royal income that passed through the Exchequer for each year of Henry II and	and	CCONJ	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
To accommodate Ashman's failing health, pre production of Beauty and the Beast was moved from London to the	the	DET	Residence	PROPN	 Residence
Smetana's champions have recognised the major influences on his work as Liszt, Wagner and Berlioz – the "	"	PUNCT	progressives	NOUN	 progressives
Indo German Youth University The college is a partner of Indo German Youth university program. Acharya Habba The college	college	NOUN	organises	VERB	 organises
" He suggested that to act otherwise as a result of international pressure would be a return to the extraterritorial	extraterritorial	ADJ	privileges	NOUN	 privileges
For a time they had separate careers, with Ford moving to New York City to play in soft rock	rock	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
During the war, Hipper led the German battlecruisers on several raids of the English coast, for which he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Hill's tardiness was also cited as a contributing factor. Hill began touring on her own, although to	to	ADP	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
The division itself was awarded four distinguished unit citations and four campaign streamers for the conflict. The division remained	remained	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The 2nd Jäger Home Guard Brigade and 9th Ustaša Brigade were deployed in garrisons and fortifications protecting the communication routes	routes	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
In September 2010, Arsenal announced that the Highbury Square development – one of the main sources of income to	to	PART	reduce	VERB	 reduce
U2 ultimately chose to film in five cities in Latin America from February to March 2006, believing their absence	absence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" In September, the Gold Democrats met in convention in Indianapolis. Loyal to Cleveland, they wanted to	to	PART	nominate	VERB	 nominate
The British army encountered an extremely hostile population, prepared to resist to the degree that even women, children	children	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In early 551, Justin was attached to a force under the eunuch Scholasticus that campaigned against a Slavic raid	raid	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Olajuwon " translates to " surpassing wealth " in Yoruba. He was the third of six children.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Swannell played in 15 games, including all four Test Matches, three against Australia and the final Test against	against	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Dean then calls her a few minutes before her deal is up and she confesses to him she tried to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
Eléna and Murrieta free the workers before the explosives go off, and then find the mortally wounded De La	La	PROPN	Vega	PROPN	 Vega
However, with Haldane's support, Haig was able to push this through and ensure its adoption. One	One	NUM	issue	NOUN	 issue
The song has been performed on all of Jackson's world concert tours as a solo artist, and was	was	AUX	planned	VERB	 planned
Among notable grants of the Program were grants to partially fund the publication of books, for example to "	"	PUNCT	provide	VERB	 provide
Gossip columnist Hedda Hopper (and Parsons ' arch rival) showed up to the screening uninvited. Most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two and a half stars	stars	NOUN	out	ADP	 out
He walked more times just leading off in an inning than Lou Brock, Roberto Clemente, Luis Aparicio,	,	PUNCT	Ernie	PROPN	 Ernie
Called the father of the resultant constitution, he emerged from the convention as the acknowledged leader of the state	state	NOUN	's	PART	's
He indicates that he will continue to work on The X Files with Scully and Mulder. At the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When the canal was temporarily closed by landslides in late 1915, Iowan sailed via the Straits of Magellan until	until	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
These three divisions, which had been heavily damaged by Coalition aircraft in the preceding days, attacked on 29	29	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
The level of detail of the ship design, armament and especially rigging has therefore proven to be only approximate	approximate	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
" He told an interviewer, It has been said that my Requiem does not express the fear of death	death	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She was inspired by Paula Abdul, Janet Jackson, and Madonna. During a 1992 interview, Selena said	said	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Nedvěd received further recognition in his home country when he won the 2004 Golden Ball, awarded by Czech sportswriters	sportswriters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As a consequence, the station has to have at least £200 million worth of adaptations made to it	it	PRON	so	SCONJ	 so
A rogue VJ, " The Voice of Survival " (real name Dallas, voiced by Derrick Forget)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
They were fitted with Frise ailerons and slotted flaps. Fuel was contained in a 412 litre (91 imp	imp	NOUN	gal	NOUN	 gal
It is the first Doctor Who episode to be directed by Campbell and the first co produced by Patrick Schweizter	Schweizter	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
From these antiquities Wheeler concluded that the site was related to a period of trading with Rome, and that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Collection of the Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal. Hues, Robert (1651), Tractatus duo mathematici. Quorum	Quorum	PROPN	primus	VERB	 primus
The plan for the assault had called for Group Granite to be relieved by 51st Engineer Battalion within a few	few	ADJ	hours	NOUN	 hours
In Michael's screenplay, his love interest is named Catherine Zeta Jones. The name of Michael's movie	movie	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
He's talking along the lines of tragedy and psychodrama. I find it interesting, the green monster of	of	ADP	rage	NOUN	 rage
Flanders referred to the Marshall Plan as an important application of moral law to public policy. He said that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
McCall left by mutual consent. After leaving Bradford, McCall spent some time out of the game before being	being	AUX	recruited	VERB	 recruited
A portion of the vas deferens is often enlarged to form the seminal vesicle, which stores the sperm before	before	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
However, he felt that the overall quality of the film could have been better. Bryan Durham of Daily	Daily	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
Below a large viewing screen on one end of the set was a series of art panels containing illustrations of	of	ADP	previous	ADJ	 previous
Mid September 1943 saw the dismissal of Kren from command of the ZNDH. He was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel	Colonel	PROPN	Adalbert	PROPN	 Adalbert
Illness again interrupted Ponsford's English summer, causing him to miss the second Test at Lord's. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
As of July 2015, the population was 403,505, an increase of 11,599 over that reported in the 2010	2010	NUM	Census	PROPN	 Census
" Cornell said that the songs " Never Named " and " Boot Camp " are based on his childhood	childhood	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The diocese of York took advantage of Stigand's difficulties with the papacy and encroached on the suffragans, or	or	CCONJ	bishops	NOUN	 bishops
The name Figwit derives from an acronym for " Frodo is grea... who is THAT?!? "	"	PUNCT	[	X	 [
According to the 1905 joint resolution: Said state flag shall be in length and breadth in the proportion of	of	ADP	nine	NUM	 nine
Between 1780 and 1783 Allen participated, along with his brother Ira, Vermont Governor Thomas Chittenden, and others	others	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the first phase of her first modernization, a catapult was fitted on the roof of Turret No.	.	NOUN	3	NUM	 3
Using as his inspiration the Edwin Hawkins Singers ' rendition of an eighteenth century Christian hymn, " Oh Happy	Happy	ADJ	Day	PROPN	 Day
Oswald and Oswiu, kings of Northumbria, were converted in the 630s and 640s, and the wave of	of	ADP	change	NOUN	 change
) enters Sloan's hospital room and removes him from life support. Unable to cope with Sloan's death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There was popular support in both countries for the plan, although whilst in the United Kingdom the socialist Labour	Labour	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
There is no evidence that Philip effected any changes to the Christians ' legal status. Pogroms against the Christians	Christians	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Batista, the twenty eighth entrant, won the match by last eliminating John Cena, the twenty fifth entrant	entrant	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Acquiring all 120 Green Stars awards the player with the final, forty ninth galaxy with two new challenges that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
" Weaving Girl ", Vega) who is on the far side of the river, the Milky Way	Way	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As before, Lepori denied any role in the affair whatsoever, indeed saying he could not even remember Morisi	Morisi	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She later referred to this as the biggest disappointment of her career. Pat and Mike was the last film	film	NOUN	Hepburn	PROPN	 Hepburn
It was also nominated for several other Nintendo DS awards, including Best Use of Sound, Best Graphics Technology	Technology	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
CMAP shows small amplitudes but normal latency and conduction velocities. If repeated impulses are administered (two per second	second	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The group used vintage recording equipment and, for certain tracks, a 40 piece orchestra. In contrast to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
All of these scripts were lacking letters to represent all of the sounds of Biblical Hebrew, though these sounds	sounds	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
He returned to the Balkans in late 1916, conducted combat missions over Bulgarian occupied Macedonia and shot down one	one	NUM	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
This air of realism has led to Star Cops being frequently compared with the 1973 BBC drama series Moonbase 3	3	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
). Questioning the emphasis on cladistics in Thiele and Ladiges ' arrangement, George published a slightly modified version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This diverse group arose in the Triassic period and members are arranged in about 40 orders and 448 families.	.	PUNCT	Over	ADP	 Over
Innse Gall (islands of the foreigners or strangers) is also heard occasionally, a name that was originally	originally	ADV	used	VERB	 used
On December 17, 2014, Smith confirmed she and eight other Wildrose members — Rob Anderson, Gary Bikman	Bikman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Manningham Rugby Football Club, formed in 1876, originally played games at Cardigan Fields, in the Carlisle Road	Road	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
Villa Arabesque in Acapulco was used for Sanchez's lavish villa, and the La Rumorosa Mountain Pass in Tecate	Tecate	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
During the Boer War, the importance of coordinating troop movements and synchronizing attacks against the highly mobile Boer insurgents	insurgents	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After the parliaments of England and Scotland agreed, the two countries joined in political union, to create the	the	DET	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
On the night of 25 March, the prisoners enacted their plan. Serious problems arose immediately. The tunnel	tunnel	NOUN	hatch	NOUN	 hatch
In the 2000 International Classification, Fantastic Light was assessed at 124, placing him fourteenth in the ratings (	(	PUNCT	eighth	ADJ	eighth
He also tied the WVU records for career home runs (35) and single season home runs (19	19	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Written by Leonard Chang and co executive producer Davey Holmes, " Nightswimming " was watched by 2.8 million viewers	viewers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Carr's men achieved a small breakthrough at the 2nd Texas Lunette and requested reinforcements. By 11 a.m.,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Wollstonecraft's Rights of Men was published only weeks after Burke's Reflections. While Burke supported aristocracy, monarchy	monarchy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kinugasa now joined Kako in pounding Vincennes. Vincennes scored one hit on Kinugasa causing moderate damage to her steering	steering	NOUN	engines	NOUN	 engines
The team did attract national attention for its " Maryland Pride " uniforms that were created by Under Armour,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
These two groupings of lands allowed Walter to help defend the border of England against Welsh raids. Walter also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
The two men debated in county seats the length of Tennessee before the meetings were called off two weeks before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first play of the possession resulted in a five yard penalty against Tech. The second play resulted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
As President of the FA since 2006, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge is a frequent guest of honour	honour	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Most of present day MD 331 was designated as part of US 213 in 1926 when the U.S. Highway System	System	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Its name derives from Makemake in the mythology of the Rapa Nui people of Easter Island. Makemake was discovered	discovered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
This Constitution will be preserved, but it will be preserved very largely in consequence of what the Lord has	has	AUX	revealed	VERB	 revealed
The total energy emitted depends on the initial mass, with much of the core being converted to 56Ni and	and	CCONJ	ejected	VERB	 ejected
Markets were favoured not because livestock was traded there, but because they offered a public venue where the separation	separation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On the night of November 27, the Turks took up defensive position at Wawon to the east of Kunu	Kunu	PROPN	ri	PROPN	 ri
Following the 2001 federal election, she was elected to the Shadow Cabinet and was given the portfolio of Population	Population	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Budden suggests that " With Verdi... the man and the artist on many ways developed side by side	side	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After the end of the First World War in 1918, at the age of 70, she began to	to	PART	retire	VERB	 retire
She taught me that the lyrics you write have to come from personal experiences – I really felt her music	music	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hall designed the three part game, Carmack and Romero programmed it, Wilbur managed the team, and artist	artist	NOUN	Adrian	ADJ	 Adrian
According to production designer Arthur Max, exhaustive location scouting was done to find parts of New York that could	could	AUX	still	ADV	 still
With the leadership of Brodeur, they defeated the Boston Bruins in the 1st round, shutting them out in	in	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Nirvana's active career ended following the death of Kurt Cobain in 1994, but various posthumous releases have been	been	AUX	issued	VERB	 issued
This work was finished on 1 September 1777. The contract for the Hackney Cut was given to Jeremiah Ilsley	Ilsley	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
' " Harlow Elliot Woodword, in Epitaphs from the Old Burying Ground in Dorchester, said that Atherton had	had	AUX	believed	VERB	 believed
A new YouTube video was uploaded to " ChartJackersProject " on 25 September, offering viewers the opportunity to audition	audition	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Que Me Quedes Tú " was released as the fifth single in November 2002 and peaked at number 10	10	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Bell had said that she " would love to see him and Elle face off one day ". In	In	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
This movement reached its peak in the 1960s after the Second Vatican Council. The leading figure in pursuing this	this	DET	style	NOUN	 style
The upper armour belt was in two strakes, the lower 120 mm thick and the upper 80 mm (	(	PUNCT	3.1	NUM	3.1
” This view was echoed by John Brosnan in The Primal Screen (1991): " One of the best	best	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
After 259No and 255No, the next most stable nobelium isotopes are 253No (half life 1.62 minutes),	,	PUNCT	254No	PROPN	 254No
Hacker stands 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) and weighs 230 pounds (100 kg). He	He	PRON	throws	VERB	 throws
The reunion actually took place in early October 1972, beginning with a rehearsal at McGuinn's house, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Hughes now had four wins over mixed martial artists with ties to the Gracies, including UFC pioneer Royce Gracie	Gracie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
National rivals BMW went on to win the race the following day. Following the race the ACO and the	the	DET	Fédération	PROPN	 Fédération
The cause of this geographical pattern is not clear. While the north south gradient of incidence is decreasing,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Whether or not the book will be adapted to film remains a matter of speculation. When asked whether there	there	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Géza was proclaimed king, but Solomon established himself in Moson and Pressburg (now Bratislava, Slovakia).	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
No other pollinators have been recorded, but the species is poorly surveyed, and studies of other Banksia species	species	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
A 1978 study looked at various areas around Hadspen for development, the only area to date where this has	has	AUX	happened	VERB	 happened
' " In a very positive review, prominent music critic Robert Christgau felt that most of the songs "	"	PUNCT	live	VERB	 live
" In his 1926 obituary in Time, it was said that Berger left him a copy of Das Kapital	Kapital	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In response, the U.S. Department of Justice filed a suit seeking removal of the Commissioner and recovery of the	the	DET	misapplied	VERB	 misapplied
While the Garter stall plates (see below) stay in the chapel permanently, the crests and banners of	of	ADP	deceased	ADJ	 deceased
Neither had vexatious claims been a problem for barristers – in any event, the present case was not vexatious	vexatious	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
She runs up to him in his car and they share a kiss before heading back to Scranton. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Petersen has claimed in an interview that one of the film's scenes forced the crew to adopt a guerrilla	guerrilla	NOUN	filmmaking	VERB	 filmmaking
Around Tôlanaro (Fort Dauphin), it is called pondiky [punˈdikʲ]. In the northern end of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
In 1911, George V also held a durbar which he and his wife Queen Mary attended in person.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
Enterprise heads to Andoria after Ambassador Soval informs them that the Vulcans believe they have been developing Xindi weapon technology	technology	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Held during four non consecutive nights in August 2011 at the Roseland Ballroom in New York City, the concerts	concerts	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The title track, " Age Ain't Nothing but a Number ", peaked at number 75 on the	the	DET	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
Cambridge's coach Rob Baker was mildly disappointed but remained upbeat, suggesting " Though I would have liked a	a	DET	closer	ADJ	 closer
During the season it is revealed that his marriage to his wife Wendy is a green card marriage, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
He scored consecutive hat tricks on 8 October 1960 and 19 October, in victories at Northern Ireland and Luxembourg	Luxembourg	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Carl Edwards was the race's defending champion. Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — one	one	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Elephants were historically kept for display in the menageries of Ancient Egypt, China, Greece and Rome. The	The	DET	Romans	PROPN	 Romans
Bede says that this singing master was named Æddi (or Eddius in Latin) and had the surname Stephen	Stephen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Before Fengshen affected Japan, airline officials canceled more than 30 flights, and train and bus service was also	also	ADV	interrupted	VERB	 interrupted
The public shaming of the teen caused the incident to be discussed in many places, including KATU, The	The	DET	Oregonian	PROPN	 Oregonian
Six years later, the pygmy right whale was classified under the family Neobalaenidae. Despite its name, the	the	DET	pygmy	NOUN	 pygmy
A large island was fitted on the starboard side that, for the first time in a Japanese carrier,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
However, numerous exotic plants also inhabit the site. The watershed of Darby Creek and several other nearby creeks	creeks	NOUN	house	VERB	 house
In February 2003, a rotating detachment of three Hercules deployed to the Persian Gulf to support the Australian contribution	contribution	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
" He added that Taylor's " attitude during the last 48 hours — as far as my small head	head	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The yellow paper wasp (Polistes versicolor) is known for its wagging movements as a form of communication within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ramona Sunavala, Jeroo Writer and Vikas Sethi feature as Poo's friends Sonya, Tanya and Robbie, respectively	respectively	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
James Parsons III intercepted Green at Hollidaysburg, but local abolitionists thwarted his attempt to capture Green, and he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Genetic evidence suggests that the proto nyala had some early hybridization with the proto lesser kudu, but the two	two	NUM	have	AUX	 have
Despite capturing 400 prisoners as well as Mametz Wood (the largest wood on the Somme), which paved	paved	VERB	the	DET	 the
He played 19 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings, St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	Blues	PROPN	 Blues
Until 2008, the Irish Football Association (IFA) under IFA Article 27, prohibited any clubs affiliated with	with	ADP	them	PRON	 them
There are various versions regarding his death. One version suggested that his wingman reported damage and was asked to	to	PART	break	VERB	 break
Coach Wren Blair believed that Masterton was playing despite a pre existing brain hemorrhage, and was concerned enough that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Rates of interreligious marriage vary widely: In the United States, it is just under 50%, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Brock's successor at Detroit, however, fared much worse. Colonel Henry Procter faced an attack from a	a	DET	resurrected	ADJ	 resurrected
Persano broke off the engagement, and though his ships still outnumbered the Austrians, he refused to counter attack	attack	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In their 1998 book, Star Trek 101, Terry J. Erdmann and Paula M. Block called " Unnatural Selection	Selection	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
It was a final incentive to the poorest to get out of the ' East End ' at all costs	costs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Two major 19th century projects contributed to the city's revival. The Augustów Canal, completed in 1832,	,	PUNCT	linked	VERB	 linked
Water in the deep ocean takes about 1,000 years to circulate back through surface waters, and so the surface	surface	NOUN	waters	NOUN	 waters
Jade can earn credits by defeating enemies, taking pictures, or completing assignments, which can be used to	to	PART	purchase	VERB	 purchase
This meant that the torpedoes could not be struck below until after all the bombs were moved up from their	their	PRON	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Fingleton mainly freelanced for overseas newspapers as he regarded Australian editors as being difficult to work with, and because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
His performance received mixed reviews, with Raymond Benson considering that Connery " looks weary and bored... he is	is	AUX	overweight	ADJ	 overweight
The males mature sexually at a length of 77 – 121 cm (2.53 – 3.97 ft), and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1987 he abandoned sessions in Memphis for a planned country album, produced by Chips Moman, after which	which	PRON	Moman	PROPN	 Moman
Meanwhile, Mulder enters the train and finds that the secret railcar is quarantined and protected by a security system	system	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Owens thought that it was a " varied collection of ballads and midtempo rockers ", but said that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Her manager discouraged her from pursuing many acting engagements until she could be more selective. Ratajkowski attended the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Wow. " Newsround's Lizo Mzimba opines that Moffett's appearance as Jenny is " superb ", while	while	SCONJ	Doctor	PROPN	 Doctor
We have not found it to be quite all that we wished in this respect -- and it would have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Parsons became Blandy's assistant. In turn, Parsons had two assistants of his own, Ashworth and Horacio	Horacio	PROPN	Rivero	PROPN	 Rivero
In 2008, it was listed as # 6, which was met with approval from Jacksonville's newspaper,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Although his family lived in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, Brereton Jones was born on June 27, 1939	1939	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Palmyra itself remained officially part of the empire but Palmyrene inscriptions started to describe it as a " metrocolonia "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" He says that there were attempts to use of psychiatry for political purposes but there was no mass psychiatric	psychiatric	ADJ	terror	NOUN	 terror
Providence also shares Rhode Island's affinity for coffee, as the former has the most coffee / doughnut shops	shops	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Adam Cleveland at IGN called Revelations: The Demon Slayer a fun but not innovative game. The American game	game	NOUN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
From 2010 to 2012, Ranaut was involved in a long distance romance with Nicholas Lafferty, an English doctor	doctor	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Ten days later, he put forth another dominant start, taking a no hitter into the eighth inning and	and	CCONJ	pitching	VERB	 pitching
The Navy conducted a public court of inquiry, placed blame on Waddle and other members of Greeneville's crew	crew	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the case of Hermes, Handlen stated, " Hermes can be an obsessive, number loving accountant,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After the match, Reigns snapped and viciously attacked Sheamus as well as Triple H. This resulted in a rematch	rematch	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The Muslim threat had receded, as their navies declined and relations between the Fatimids, especially, and the	the	DET	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
The Disney Channel promos for Phineas and Ferb describe him as someone who " thinks big ", refusing to	to	PART	let	VERB	 let
His first priority was to strengthen the country and to retrieve its lost territory. Because Aron resided in Poland	Poland	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Preoccupied with fighting the Americans to their north, the North Koreans were unprepared for the Australians to attack from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ship's cost totaled 22,329,000 marks. Following her commissioning, Mecklenburg began sea trials, which lasted until	until	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
Men from Kamenica had previously established a camp in a nearby forest for weapons and supplies. Bursać was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The Full Monty cast members came to the set to offer advice and watch the taping. The remainder of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, when officials were arrested, they were imprisoned and fettered like commoners. Their punishments in court also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
During the session, they worked on the De Lane Lea master tape of " Fire ", replacing everything	everything	PRON	except	SCONJ	 except
Launched on 19 April, the VRS offensive faced determined resistance from the ARBiH and the HVO and had bogged	bogged	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Three weeks later, on 29 November 2001, Harrison died at a friend's home in Los Angeles,	,	PUNCT	aged	ADJ	 aged
The ride has been very well received, consistently ranking highly in industry polls. In 1990, Alton Towers	Towers	PROPN	added	VERB	 added
He was included in a try out with four others, rehearsed with the band, they then cut it	it	PRON	down	ADP	 down
Gravel ended the session by, with no other senators present, establishing unanimous consent to insert 4,100 pages of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Collins adopted a more humorous rapport with the audience, unlike Gabriel's theatrical approach, which was successful.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He became well known in London society after he went to live at the London Hospital. Merrick was born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Discussion to expand the flight services provided by WestJet Encore from Penticton continue. On December 22, 1950,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Waddle decided to continue with the mission without attempting to repair the monitor, believing that it was not a	a	DET	crucial	ADJ	 crucial
Also in 1999, the ballroom dance scene of Final Fantasy VIII was featured as a technical demo for the	the	DET	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
Korketrekkeren was originally part of Frognerseterveien, a road which ran up to Frognerseteren. It was completed in 1867	1867	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Despite the surge, film scholar Andrew Higson and others argue that there is little evidence that the various producers	producers	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
Globably 3.1 per 100,000 people are affected and females are more likely to be affected than males. The age	age	NOUN	ranges	VERB	 ranges
The ships were designed to carry 650 t (640 long tons) of coal for the boilers, though	though	SCONJ	additional	ADJ	 additional
Standards which today explicitly refer to the triple bottom line include Rainforest Alliance, Fairtrade and UTZ Certified. Some	Some	DET	sustainability	NOUN	 sustainability
Players may hold more than one non FIFA nationality. Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA	FIFA	PROPN	eligibility	NOUN	 eligibility
I felt loved, appreciated, respected and wanted and most of all the interest in football really grew immensely	immensely	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Despite Theodore's actions and the overthrow of his daughter and son in law, Akropolites reports that John Asen	Asen	PROPN	remained	VERB	 remained
The action resulted in the capture of two Spanish mortar boats but achieved little else. A second bombardment was	was	AUX	decided	VERB	 decided
The Hustler had its world premiere in Washington, D.C. on September 25, 1961. Prior to the premiere	premiere	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In fiscal year 2012, over one million immigrants (most of whom entered through family reunification) were granted	granted	VERB	legal	ADJ	 legal
Other deities installed were of Maitreya (5 metres (16 ft) height and gilded) flanked by statues	statues	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The hasty departure from Manchester degenerated into chaos. Mechanical failures and a lack of space to turn the locomotives	locomotives	NOUN	meant	VERB	 meant
A petition organised by the campaign group Save The Car Park collected over 7,000 signatures in favour of keeping the	the	DET	car	NOUN	 car
As of 2002, Azerbaijan had 95,000 active personnel in its armed forces. There are also 17,000 paramilitary troops	troops	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Rapid transitions and simultaneous button presses were included to add difficulty to the gameplay and compensate for the missing buttons	buttons	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In response, the CBFC said cited a rule issued by the Bombay High Court, noting that it was	was	AUX	mandatory	ADJ	 mandatory
He applauded Lopez for moving on from her previous lack of commercial success in recent years. Kim Dawson,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
He served in this role for six years before poor health saw him take a less demanding role at the	the	DET	Geelong	PROPN	 Geelong
The Iron Age provides numerous substantial building remains. In the 1970s excavations at Quanterness, near the site of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He offers her and Glinda everything they've ever wanted if they will help him, but Elphaba is unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Despite this, " town and gown " relations between the university communities and other Georgetown residents are often strained	strained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
With Ken Scott serving as engineer, he recorded two takes of " All Things Must Pass ", adding	adding	VERB	extra	ADJ	 extra
900), usually surnamed the Elder to distinguish him from his grandson, Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas, was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Located in the village of Hanley Castle, 1.4 miles (2.2 km) from the small town of Upton	Upton	PROPN	upon	SCONJ	 upon
Jodie Foster had declined to reprise the role, and director Ridley Scott eventually cast Moore, over Angelina Jolie	Jolie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He shared editorial responsibilities with several other editors including Timothy Lord, Patrick " Scuttlemonkey " McGarry, Jeff "	"	PUNCT	Soulskill	PROPN	 Soulskill
Two days later an extended trailer was released, " devoted to expository dialogue, setting up the characters and	and	CCONJ	establishing	VERB	 establishing
Zeta dissipated on January 6, 2006, having become the longest lived January tropical cyclone in Atlantic basin history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Co executive producer Joe Chappelle served as episode director. Miller later noted that unlike other episode scenes such as	as	ADP	in	ADP	 in
William Amherst was the able diplomat chosen for the job and Amherst, in turn, specifically requested Maxwell and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Batavian government immediately ordered an expeditionary force to sail to the Cape and recapture the colony. This force	force	NOUN	comprised	VERB	 comprised
The other end contains an exposed phosphate group; this is the 5 ' end. The two strands of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The pair put on 58 from only 37 balls before Poulton was caught from the first ball of the eighth	eighth	ADJ	over	ADP	 over
" The author Jim Butcher uses the coins in his Dresden Files series, in which each coin is the	the	DET	focal	ADJ	 focal
Stein and Co., the winning realtor, sought Skidmore, Owings and Merrill as designers for the purpose of	of	ADP	distinguishing	VERB	 distinguishing
You can get really almost expected. Everybody's probably expecting narrative type of video, a love story of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
On November 30, 2012, Big Bang received a total of three awards at the 14th Mnet Asian Music	Music	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
In 1975 Pink Floyd bought a three story block of church halls at 35 Britannia Row in Islington, north	north	PROPN	London	PROPN	 London
No. 78 Wing attacked Japanese airfields in the Vogelkop Peninsula throughout September, and No. 78 Squadron flew	flew	VERB	363	NUM	 363
" He argues that the series adheres more closely to cultural norms by drawing on the " Cold War cult	cult	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
More than one year after the album's release, " Video Phone " was released as the eighth single	single	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
The collapsibles were stored upside down with the sides folded in, and would have to be erected and moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Once a basis of V is chosen, linear maps f: V → W are completely determined by specifying	specifying	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1610 he was able to replace that position with one much closer to home, and became rector of	of	ADP	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
The ability to use several CPU cores simultaneously allows completing the full simulation far faster. Working together, these	these	DET	CPU	NOUN	 CPU
When Sir Daniel Levy retired from parliament, Weaver was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly on 4	4	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
Woodland occupied 63,366 hectares (156,580 acres) and 10,126 hectares (25,020 acres) was unclassified land. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Humphreys Peak, the highest point in Arizona at 12,633 feet (3,851 m), is located about 10	10	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Juan Perón later claimed in his memoir that he purposefully selected Eva as his pupil, and set out to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
He would establish himself as the leader of the team and became captain in 1948. Although not the best	best	ADJ	skater	NOUN	 skater
The middle tier is split into front and rear sections, while the enclosure is split into east and west	west	PROPN	sections	NOUN	 sections
After stating reasons for separation and turning down opinions against it he closed his speech with a " war cry	cry	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
After some indecision, Hay, who did not think he could decline and still remain as ambassador, accepted	accepted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Wellek and Warren note the importance of identifying forgeries, a task which can be completed in numerous ways:	:	PUNCT	paleography	NOUN	 paleography
A number of feather mites have been recorded in the genus Regulus; these mites live on fungi growing on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, their unusual delayed reproduction made breeding difficult. When pelt prices fell in the late 1940s, most	most	ADV	fisher	ADJ	 fisher
We took a very different approach. We tried to sell things by making people laugh. " The first	first	ADJ	seven	NUM	 seven
The second volume of the Himekuri CD series, based on To Heart 2, was released on December 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At that time he was also second in OPS (.914), fourth in slugging percentage (.525)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He continued to object to such dialogue in revised scripts, and to a planned shot of the Monster rushing	rushing	VERB	through	ADP	 through
According to the Nielsen ratings system, " The Funcooker " was watched by 6.4 million households in its original	original	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
The A Class locomotives were now 70 years old, and the track itself was poorly maintained. Trains,	,	PUNCT	once	ADV	 once
The orientation of the shoulder's articular surface also indicates a vertical and not horizontal upper arm in dinosaurs.	.	PUNCT	Large	ADJ	 Large
And we showed it from the time we unloaded to qualifying, practice, we were one of the fastest	fastest	ADJ	cars	NOUN	 cars
In Texas, effects of the storm were much less severe, but the storm still caused $8 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Despite having signed a four year contract with the club in 2006, Drogba reportedly pointed out several favoured clubs	clubs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The song premiered on October 29, 2008, on a YouTube stream. Originally, " Psychopathy Red "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
" At the 14th Webby Awards in 2010, Jake and Amir won a People's Voice award for Comedy	Comedy	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Martin concludes the review by warning the readers that " [if] this is your first exposure to the	the	DET	franchise	NOUN	 franchise
A few days after the conclusion of the Players ' Championship, Martin's longtime third, John Morris,	,	PUNCT	announced	VERB	 announced
After these fans discovered Comic Market, the term was used as a self confirming and self mocking collective identity	identity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A design team was formed in 1946 under the leadership of chief designer Ronald Bishop, who had been responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
He scored 50 in 18 minutes and reached 86 in under an hour, to avert his side's follow	follow	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Martin Lewis — previously Taylor's assistant — created the Official Brian Epstein Website, which included a petition that	that	PRON	Epstein	PROPN	 Epstein
I assure you that I felt great difficulty in writing to him for his birthday, but I wrote it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
It was a view that was seldom heard in polemics giving two preceding versions of events but that had a	a	DET	life	NOUN	 life
The episode's casting and plot initially proved controversial when in early 2001, Hispanic activists complained about the often	often	ADV	negative	ADJ	 negative
In May, he moved the first reading of the Obscene Publications Bill, which passed with support from both	both	DET	sides	NOUN	 sides
Lawrence was sufficiently impressed to commence his own research into uranium. He in turn spoke to James B. Conant	Conant	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The single player Career mode allows the player to follow the history of the band through several real world inspired	inspired	VERB	venues	NOUN	 venues
Patton delivered the speech extemporaneously, without notes of his own, and so though it was substantially the same	same	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
In October 2008 the band toured in Australia with Slipknot. The band then toured Europe with Slipknot and Children	Children	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Returning to film, he appeared in Zack Snyder's action fantasy movie Sucker Punch (2011), as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
On October 7, 1826, the Ottoman Empire — anxious to prevent Russia's intervention in the Greek Independence	Independence	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
Most streets outside the area between Broadway and Colorado Boulevard are organized alphabetically from the city's center. Many	Many	ADJ	Denver	PROPN	 Denver
The hook of " Dr. Feel Good " was written by Bruno Mars, and upon hearing Mars sing it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
In the 10 years following a VTE, approximately a third of individuals will have a recurrent episode. About	About	ADV	1	NUM	 1
His remains were reinterred in the Monument to the Independence of Brazil, along with those of Maria Leopoldina and	and	CCONJ	Amélie	PROPN	 Amélie
In the 1830s Libri published an unconvincing argument for <formula>, and Möbius sided with him, erroneously	erroneously	ADV	claiming	VERB	 claiming
Pennington was quoted as saying " Let us be on our guard when our convention men are chosen that they	they	PRON	be	VERB	 be
Bakshi began writing the screenplay for Hey Good Lookin ' while editing Coonskin, and storyboarding a proposed series for	for	ADP	ABC	PROPN	 ABC
Mizdow entered at number 21, where Miz tried to take Mizdow's spot, only for Roman Reigns to	to	PART	push	VERB	 push
Modjeska was influential in the family, and she insisted that all three children be baptized into the Catholic Church	Church	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
If he refuses, he is teleported to a map full of enemies, and the game ends. Valve	Valve	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hartley, Ritchson, and Young stated that they felt sorry for Gallner for having to wear a costume that	that	PRON	they	PRON	 they
She was powered by Parsons geared steam turbines, driving two shafts, which gave a maximum speed of 16.5	16.5	NUM	knots	NOUN	 knots
Their blackish bill is yellow tipped, and the gape is yellow. Their eyes are brownish, but turn	turn	VERB	yellow	ADV	 yellow
The species was newly reported from Mexico in 2001. The fruit bodies of Boletus curtisii contain a unique series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The ship was completed in April 1943 as Liberty ship SS Stanford White. When selected for conversion to a	a	DET	hospital	NOUN	 hospital
Its skull was similar to that of M. globiceps, but had a broader snout and was more robust,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
Sinatra grew discontented at Capitol, and fell into a feud with Alan Livingston, which lasted over six months	months	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the following four weeks, the single dropped in the chart, then jumped from number 21 to number	number	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
Menendez approached Sestak again, this time asking him not to run against Specter, but Sestak did not agree	agree	VERB	to	PART	 to
The secondary battery consisted of ten 6 inch (152 mm) quick firing guns, four mounted in casemates	casemates	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The next day, the UFA began debate on a resolution that read Resolved that a system of social credit	credit	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
She claimed that several sexist policies in place, such as entertaining clients at strip clubs, made it difficult	difficult	ADJ	for	SCONJ	 for
The committee was chaired by Philip N. Diehl, a role that did not include a vote on the designs	designs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The music video for " No Me Ames " was directed by Kevin Bray in Los Angeles, California	California	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Malek Akkad was approached by Devil's Due Publishing with the possibility of producing a line of Halloween comics,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The MPC meets twelve times a year: eight meetings spread throughout the year, plus four joint meetings with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The outer layer of the stem usually has a tough cuticle, reinforced with waxy layers, which reduce water	water	NOUN	loss	NOUN	 loss
8701 was recorded in the United States, in the cities of Los Angeles, New York, Minneapolis and	and	CCONJ	Atlanta	PROPN	 Atlanta
Here's Judy. " And she came out and that place went crazy. And she just blossomed.	.	PUNCT	Eight	NUM	 Eight
After their arrival in the United Kingdom, the battalion was transported by rail to the south of England where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Veà highlighted that “ although this situation revealed up to what point individuals have the capacity for adaption, in	in	ADP	some	DET	 some
The " 3000 " 12 inch also featured the " Automator 1.2 Remix ", " Bear Witness (Automator	Automator	PROPN	's	PART	's
The many thorns on its back and tail serve to distinguish it from other stingrays that share its range.	.	PUNCT	Often	ADV	 Often
The sibling aliens Kang and Kodos first appeared on the show on this episode. Every Treehouse of Horror episode	episode	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Malcolm's father Duncan I became king in late 1034, on the death of Malcolm II, Duncan's	's	PART	maternal	ADJ	 maternal
Bristol became a city in 1542 and trade across the Atlantic developed. The city was captured by Royalist troops	troops	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
To this end, the physician Zhang Zhongjing (c. 150 – c. 219 AD) prescribed regulated diets rich	rich	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
This class is armed with either an M1 carbine or Mauser M712 to defend themselves with when moving. Day	Day	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The heaviest fallout contamination outside the restricted test area was 30 miles (48 km) from the detonation point	point	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I mentioned to him that I smoked marijuana, and he was just appalled. He said, ' Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
She turned down the role of Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire, later explaining that becoming a mother	mother	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
However, Comet Kohoutek in 1973 fulfilled all the criteria and was expected to become spectacular but failed to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
He was evacuated to England for treatment and after recuperating, commanded the New Zealand Rifle Brigade's training camp	camp	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Number 70000 was originally selected to represent the class in the embryonic form of the future National Railway Museum,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Islamic rites performed during the festival include the recitation of Quaranic verses and observance of Fatiha (it includes	includes	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Fawkes, who had 10 years of military experience fighting in the Spanish Netherlands in suppression of the Dutch Revolt	Revolt	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These gardens attract about 150 million visitors a year, so it is hardly surprising that many people gained their	their	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
The crew were sent to collect wood and water, while Banks and his team gathered hundreds of plant specimens	specimens	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The Q ship was recognised by the captain of the U boat, who had been warned by the survivors	survivors	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Another influence on him was the occultist and novelist Joséphin Péladan, whose Rosicrucian salon he attended several times.	.	PUNCT	Bogdan	PROPN	 Bogdan
The carnival featured a large ice palace, which in 1917 was built by World War I internees. Carnival	Carnival	NOUN	events	NOUN	 events
Tucker assists Erickson with the test, but is brushed aside when he seeks to learn more about the technology	technology	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Her father, Juan Ignacio Ezcurra, did not approve of their relationship because of the bankruptcy of Domingo Belgrano	Belgrano	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Dr. J. H. Webb, a Kodak employee, studied the matter and concluded that the contamination must have come	come	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Japanese reviewers for their part regard the story as a revival of the Class S genre, and specifically a	a	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
At the crest of the lift hill, the track made a left hand turn over to the first drop	drop	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A sequel, DJ Hero 2, was officially announced in June 2010 for release in the last quarter of	of	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
The process results from the epigenetic activation of some genes and inhibition of others. Unlike animals, many plant	plant	NOUN	cells	NOUN	 cells
Army of Rhin et Moselle expanded its bridgehead in a semicircle. Desaix moved downstream (north), Ferino	Ferino	PROPN	moved	VERB	 moved
Under this combined arms assault Hoghton's brigade lost two thirds of its strength. The Brigadier himself was killed	killed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Completed in 1917, the building is adjacent to Temple Square, between the Joseph Smith Memorial Building and the	the	DET	Lion	PROPN	 Lion
Their interior defensive linemen are very, very strong and physical, and, really, everybody else is built	built	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Pokémon can be traded between Colosseum and the Game Boy Advance games Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire, FireRed, LeafGreen	LeafGreen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nauval Yazid, in a review for The Jakarta Post, wrote that the film was of the " women	women	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Inflammation elsewhere in the body may precipitate encephalopathy through the action of cytokines and bacterial lipopolysaccharide on astrocytes. The	The	DET	diagnosis	NOUN	 diagnosis
In an interview with Game Music Online, Mike Reagan said that although the composers might have used each other	other	ADJ	's	PART	's
The host city selection took place in Rome, during the 43rd IOC Session. On 28 April 1949,	,	PUNCT	Cortina	PROPN	 Cortina
At 18: 00 on 27 July however, at 47° 00′ N 07° 00′ W in the	the	DET	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
Instead of having the ship completely dark save for viewports, Trumbull came up with a system of self illumination	illumination	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Morley gave work to the printer Thomas East, and died in 1602. Some publishers ignored Barley's claims	claims	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The group was renamed the University of Michigan Men's Glee Club in 1938, in reference to a Women	Women	PROPN	's	PART	's
The website's consensus reads, " Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. relaxes into itself during its sophomore season,	,	PUNCT	mitigating	VERB	 mitigating
It was the thirteenth track on the studio album HIStory, but was not released as a single. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
A second 2011 sighting of an Arizona jaguar was reported by a Homeland Security border pilot in June 2011,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Gibson comments: " This does not say much for MacLaren as a captain. Indeed, it has always	always	ADV	seemed	VERB	 seemed
Some had boarded up and others stayed open all night with armed guards visible to discourage thieves taking advantage of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Using the Unification of Germany as an analogy, it was held that since the flag of the Kingdom of	of	ADP	Prussia	PROPN	 Prussia
Each person gives a sample of DNA, from which millions of genetic variants are read using SNP arrays.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
Research by Kiran Gandhi describes architectural management as a set of practical techniques for an architect to successfully operate his	his	PRON	practice	NOUN	 practice
Bergfriede, which take their name from the German for a belfry, had similarities to keeps, but are	are	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
Ellis remarks that " to try to make the facts as we know them conform to the ' rogue shark	shark	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
He commented that the other artists attempted to create their designs with respect to the previous work, but he	he	PRON	decided	VERB	 decided
However, just a year later, in 1264, Treniota was killed by Mindaugas ' former servants. His	His	PRON	son	NOUN	 son
The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
By 1802, Garrard and his associate Augustine Eastin had not only adopted these beliefs, but had indoctrinated their	their	PRON	Baptist	ADJ	 Baptist
Jerry Shriver of USA Today said that " fan favorite Toxic [...] succeeded because the focus was solely	solely	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Waller taught Sunday school while in his early teens. When he was 15, he attended Williams College,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
At the University of Texas, ticket sales likewise were rapid. On the first day of sales, Texas	Texas	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The Woodland period marked the gradual transition to semi permanent villages and horticulture, between 1000 BC and 1500 AD	AD	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" She further explained that she intended to assist Sharp with his training business and intended to remain " very	very	ADV	much	ADV	 much
Its crew, Merz and a New Zealander, were never seen again; they were later reported killed by	by	ADP	Arabs	PROPN	 Arabs
The tribe was again represented by Hobbs, who made the same basic argument that the hunting and fishing rights	rights	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In November the wing was informed that it was to move to Morotai island in the Netherlands East Indies to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
Anti torpedo boat defence was provided by sixteen QF 12 pounder (3 inch) 18 cwt guns. Shannon	Shannon	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
These conditions are met in two places on Earth; in the lithospheric mantle below relatively stable continental plates,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As either an alternative or supplement to the line, expansion of European Road E16 from Sandvika to Hønefoss has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
There is little doubt that the capacity for using psychiatry to enforce social norms and even political interests is immense	immense	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
He put pressure on the food and water supplies of the inhabitants by allowing pilgrims to enter the city to	to	PART	celebrate	VERB	 celebrate
The paintings of Sigiriya and Hindagala are the only surviving specimens of art of the Anuradhapura Kingdom. However,	,	PUNCT	remnants	NOUN	 remnants
The tribe was exiled from their encampments in the Palmyrene steppe and were forced to live deep in the Syrian	Syrian	ADJ	Desert	PROPN	 Desert
For sixteen months, the ship was docked in Kobe, Japan, during which time Cabaniss earned himself a	a	DET	positive	ADJ	 positive
The result was a 6,000 foot (1.83 km) long concrete box lined with 21 inches (53 cm	cm	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Along some portions of the North Pacific coastline, bald eagles which had historically preyed mainly kelp dwelling fish and	and	CCONJ	supplementally	ADV	 supplementally
The common blackbird breeds in temperate Eurasia, North Africa, the Canary Islands, and South Asia. It	It	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Fox then played small supporting roles in political drama The American President (1995) and comedy Mars Attacks!	!	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
It was this secondary mechanism of adaptation through the inheritance of acquired characteristics that would become known as Lamarckism and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
The wealthy sent their sons to such places to learn how to read and translate Latin texts. Edward the	the	DET	Confessor	PROPN	 Confessor
Statues of nymphs poured water into carved marble basins at the foot of the arch. Caracalla and Julia Domna	Domna	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Brooks stated that this also happens to the audience: " You're always supposed to arc your characters and	and	CCONJ	you	PRON	 you
Andula is a working class young woman living in a fading Czech factory town, where, due to an	an	DET	oversight	NOUN	 oversight
It was the 17th final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the	the	DET	centenary	NOUN	 centenary
All these motions were brought about by machinery within the casing, each depending on wheels and shafts, hooks	hooks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On January 6, the day before Stern's deadline, he and Hunter reached an agreement, which was	was	AUX	ratified	VERB	 ratified
She lived there for the rest of her childhood, despite promises that it was only temporary, that she	she	PRON	would	AUX	 would
) In her campaign to promote birth control, Sanger teamed with eugenics organizations such as the American Eugenics Society	Society	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Little of Halab has been excavated by archaeologists, as Halab was never abandoned during its long history and the	the	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
The character Allan Grey is named David Gray for the German release, which Dreyer attributed to a mistake.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Quiet Riot's album Metal Health (1983) was the first glam metal album, and arguably the first	first	ADJ	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The EP was originally scheduled to be released on July 26, 2011, however, Ocean noted on his	his	PRON	official	ADJ	 official
This southern pass was about 14 miles (23 km) long and about 300 yards (270 m)	)	PUNCT	wide	ADV	 wide
The members of the Boston church successfully induced Vane to withdraw his resignation, while the General Court began to	to	PART	debate	VERB	 debate
Critics praised the character development as well as the storyline in the film. Star Trek became a box office	office	NOUN	success	NOUN	 success
He met with Soviet representatives including Foreign Minister Georgi Chicherin, who rejected any kind of religious education, the	the	DET	ordination	NOUN	 ordination
Longstreet ordered Porter to stop Pickett, but the young colonel explained that replenishing his ammunition from the trains in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Any thrown ball hitting the dugout railing, netting, or foundation and rebounding onto the field is in play	play	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Over the next three days, it moved north of due east and rapidly strengthened, becoming a minimal hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
As cup holders, Wanderers were permitted to choose the stadium at which the match would be played. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Competing in the World Rally Championship for the Audi factory team, she took four victories and finished runner up	up	ADP	in	ADP	 in
In technological terms Mogador and Volta were ships with the armament of a light cruiser in the hull of a	a	DET	destroyer	NOUN	 destroyer
He was hired in 1994 and has three Lindenwood degrees – EdD, MBA, and BA. He previously	previously	ADV	served	VERB	 served
Her ports of call included Gibraltar, Valencia, Cannes, Istanbul, Souda Bay; and Barcelona. She	She	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
He portrayed Miss Turpentine as an eccentric ballerina who wore an ill fitting tutu. The dance was a comic	comic	ADJ	variation	NOUN	 variation
The creek's discharge ranges from nearly 0 cubic meters per second to approximately 25 cubic meters per second.	.	PUNCT	Communities	NOUN	 Communities
ABC News denied BPI's claims, and called the lawsuit without merit. ABC News sought to have the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
As department head, her responsibilities included identifying writers, directors, talent and ideas for comedy series for television	television	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Describing her first year there as her " dark year " and " bleak, " she recalled that she	she	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Primarily written by guitarist Tom DeLonge, the song is biographical in nature. He and bassist Mark Hoppus were	were	AUX	growing	VERB	 growing
Les Bowie provided the special effects: he had made his name perfecting an improved technique for matte painting,	,	PUNCT	called	VERB	 called
Final Fantasy XIII, designed as the series ' flagship title, was released in 2009. The creative forces	forces	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
Both offer 420 places plus a nursery. In 2015, GSCE results improved more in Tameside than anywhere else	else	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The airline has an all Airbus fleet with a mix of single aisle and wide body aircraft. By the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Asymmetric flooding of the wing compartments posed a grave danger to her stability. Her double bottom protected most of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
She remained in contact with his widow and other members of the Clan, as well as with Gray,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
With a total of 263 runs at 43.83, he was the highest scorer in the series for India,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The club's first victory in the competition came in the 1886 – 87 season with a 10 – 0	0	NUM	win	NOUN	 win
This led to more and more copies of the English editions being sold to impatient fans in non English speaking	speaking	VERB	countries	NOUN	 countries
After playoff series wins over the Texas Rangers and Indians, New York defeated the San Diego Padres in four	four	NUM	consecutive	ADJ	 consecutive
In 2005, Clinton criticized the Bush administration for its handling of emissions control, while speaking at the United	United	PROPN	Nations	PROPN	 Nations
George II's relationship with his son and heir apparent, Frederick, Prince of Wales, worsened during the	the	DET	1730s	NUM	 1730s
Sallal proclaimed Yemen's " firm policy to honor its international obligations ", including a 1934 treaty pledging respect	respect	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Mike Stoops, the Arizona head coach and brother to Oklahoma head coach Bob Stoops, said he felt it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Chemical synthesis is inefficient for polypeptides longer than about 300 amino acids, and the synthesized proteins may not readily	readily	ADV	assume	VERB	 assume
The lamp caused the support to catch fire. The fire may continue into the 22nd century. The fire	fire	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Roberts had originally intended for " Yo Yo " to be the first single from the album, but "	"	PUNCT	Beat	PROPN	 Beat
In 2012, she ranked number 95 in Maxim's Hot 100. The next year, El alongside Alicia	Alicia	PROPN	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
Euler has an extensive bibliography. His best known books include: Mechanica (1736). Methodus inveniendi lineas	lineas	PROPN	curvas	PROPN	 curvas
Already an established player with Ajax, Cruyff quickly won over the Barcelona fans when he told the European press	press	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The current president is Donald Tusk. The Council of the European Union (informally known as the Council of	of	ADP	Ministers	PROPN	 Ministers
(Loudoun was of the opinion that Shirley delayed his departure intentionally as a political maneuver.) He sailed	sailed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In September 2006 Alberto Linero Marchena and Alberto Sánchez Fernández, both army soldiers assigned to the Morón Air Base	Base	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
It was released on December 3, 2012, in Brazil only as a special edition free CD with Brazilian	Brazilian	ADJ	newspaper	NOUN	 newspaper
The Chimney Rock community had been planning a million dollar development to build a tourist attraction for the ruins.	.	PUNCT	Houle	NOUN	 Houle
The best riding horses were known as palfreys; other riding horses were often called hackneys, from which the	the	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
In contrast to an economically depressed post war Liverpool, Hamburg was a wealthy city. Williams, a 29	29	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Art historian Roger Cardinal describes Tristan Tzara's Dada poetry as marked by " extreme semantic and syntactic incoherence "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
' " Based on Weidenreich's work and on his suggestion that Pithecanthropus erectus and Sinanthropus pekinensis were connected through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is believed that it would have taken about four minutes. A team of four to six men,	,	PUNCT	led	VERB	 led
In order to allow for a full recovery of the New Orleans market in the wake of the storm,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Allies waged the Western Desert Campaign (1940 – 43) in North Africa, against the Axis forces	forces	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though inspired by the cuisines of the country's various ethnic groups, many recipes were presented as part of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
It certainly is a flight feather of a contemporary species, but its size and proportions indicate that it may	may	AUX	belong	VERB	 belong
The French arrested the plotters for refusing to pay their taxes and provide labourers. This left Atangana still head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" In his review, Wainwright expressed feelings of amicability and hatred towards Davies for his role in reviving Doctor	Doctor	PROPN	Who	PRON	 Who
The growing of grain (with the exception of barley) and turnips steadily declined as these were replaced as	as	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
Compared to the first iPad, as the second device in the iPad line it gained a faster dual core	core	NOUN	A5	PROPN	 A5
During his subsequent recuperation there, Faramir met the Lady Éowyn of Rohan; moved by her sorrow, pride	pride	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The operation was intended to encircle and seize the German occupied city of Caen, which was a D Day	Day	NOUN	objective	NOUN	 objective
" Although cast member Dan Castellaneta occasionally voiced Santa's Little Helper for bit parts, American voice artist Frank	Frank	PROPN	Welker	PROPN	 Welker
However, after Molina had difficulties with the concept of the series, and of his role in particular,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
According to the 2001 census, within the Tvrđa city district, there are 10,277 inhabitants living in 3,310 households	households	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Enormously interested in everything that was related to scientific discoveries, Dom Pedro II sought to modernize the nation,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
This discovery, reflecting the complexity of human emotions and relationships, re sparks Manhattan's interest in humanity.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Afterwards, the train is slowed to a stop on the brake run before returning to the station. The	The	DET	coaster	NOUN	 coaster
Several counties in this region in Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin were declared disaster areas. Over 10 inches (	(	PUNCT	25	NUM	25
The record features some of the group's most widely known songs such as " Bills, Bills, Bills	Bills	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
After the war, they had two children, both daughters: Laura, born in 1947, and Julie	Julie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On September 5, an emergency meeting was held by disaster officials in Puerto Rico about the threat of flooding	flooding	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The first full biography of its kind, the book portrays Armstrong as a complex politician and administrator in the	the	DET	postbellum	ADJ	 postbellum
Among the many examples are these two noteworthy ones: " All the world's a stage, and all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
When the adaptive immune system of a vertebrate encounters a virus, it produces specific antibodies that bind to the	the	DET	virus	NOUN	 virus
But not all Frenchmen agreed with the story: the Chevalier de Lévis called it a " pretended assassination "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Transport shortages delayed the repatriation of Australian prisoners from Formosa, Japan and Korea, but almost all were on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Tabitha is glad to be able to spend a few days with Lisa and says they will temporarily be sisters	sisters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The temple and villa remained in the hands of Garrick's wife until her death in 1822 at the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
After a poor first half – Petković said they " were lucky to be only a goal down at half	half	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
His opinion was not given importance by the mainstream media of Pakistan but his views in this regard were published	published	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" In December 2010, a month after Noreen's conviction, a Muslim cleric announced a 500,000 Pakistani rupee	rupee	NOUN	award	NOUN	 award
Lautner has stated that he does not want to be just known for his looks, as some have attributed	attributed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Composers Hubert Parry, George Butterworth, John Taverner, William Walton, James Whitbourn and Andrew Lloyd Webber have	have	AUX	all	PRON	 all
Wilberforce used his speaking voice to great effect in political speeches; the diarist and author James Boswell witnessed Wilberforce	Wilberforce	PROPN	's	PART	's
October 10, 1920 at Douglas Park The Pros started their season in week three with a game against the	the	DET	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
Early on October 22, Giri further strengthened into a very severe cyclonic storm as it slowly moved towards the	the	DET	central	ADJ	 central
He was also the last person to be committed by a coroner to a Crown Court for unlawful killing;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The title was probably also inspired by Théophile Gautier's 1852 poem Symphonie en Blanc Majeur. Whistler was not	not	PART	entirely	ADV	 entirely
In 1897, Keynes won a scholarship to Eton College, where he displayed talent in a wide range of	of	ADP	subjects	NOUN	 subjects
When the Germans depart, the group splits up and leaves the ghetto. In Sosnowiec, Vladek and Anja	Anja	PROPN	move	VERB	 move
She received the Louis and Bert Freedman Foundation Award and the Lewis S. Rosensteil Award in 1978. In 1981	1981	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 1970 Burroughs had published a " considered statement " on Scientology's methods because he felt that they were	were	AUX	significant	ADJ	 significant
Born into one of Trondheim's wealthiest mercantile families, he travelled to England where he developed a great admiration	admiration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The stolen capuchin monkey named Oscar is played by live animal actor Katie, best known for playing Marcel,	,	PUNCT	Ross	PROPN	 Ross
This gas phase model uses an equation which can be compared to a classic " M value " associated with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
This area of the ancient city has been called Tanmi T ' nam (" Heart of the People "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Two days later, U 32 stopped a Greek sailing vessel, Agios Georgios and examined her, but let	let	VERB	her	PRON	 her
For the film's release on home media, Warner Bros. formed two teams for a September 28, 2014	2014	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This name is sometimes spelled as Kuttandar, Khoothandavar or Koothandavar. The South Indian, Tamil name, Aravan	Aravan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On the morning of 28 August, Cöln was re coaling in Wilhelmshaven. Her sister, Mainz, was	was	AUX	at	ADP	 at
" I was trying to emulate that band. Really punchy guitars, fast, simple and formulaic nursery rhyme	rhyme	NOUN	love	VERB	 love
R. Wood, for lack of aggression (unjustifiably, in Simon Robbins ’ view), Pinney returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Field Crown Hetmanship went to Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski, also an accomplished commander, if not so much as	as	ADP	Czarniecki	PROPN	 Czarniecki
Despite negative reviews, Lopez has received praise. Richard Lawson from Vanity Fair wrote: " Given the material	material	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He singled out the creatures for specific praise, likening them to " something that might have come from a	a	DET	brain	NOUN	 brain
Fishermen from Bristol (who had fished the Grand Banks of Newfoundland since the 15th century) began settling Newfoundland	Newfoundland	PROPN	permanently	ADV	 permanently
The aircraft was completely destroyed in the impact and the post crash fire, making the investigation difficult. The	The	DET	Australian	PROPN	 Australian
A sequel was planned, but a controversy over the film rights ensued between Beatty and Tribune Media Services.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Each production was a gamble. The aspect of the machine plays that posterity knows most about is their economics	economics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Winter Blues. New York: Guilford Press. p. 372. ISBN 1593851162. Rosenthal, Norman (1998	1998	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
This was completed by 14 November 1917. Over the course of the eight weeks they had been involved in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 20 July 1961 and through a popular referendum, the people of Somalia ratified a new constitution, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He passed for 3,359 yard, 21 touchdowns, and 11 interceptions while completing 54.9% of his passes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, during the storyling, Tara began claiming that Rayne had gone too far in her brutality towards James	James	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Some argue that he did, and that the subsequent popularization is largely owed to his work as publicist.	.	PUNCT	Such	ADJ	 Such
Reviewing Tempest for Rolling Stone, Will Hermes gave the album five out of five stars, writing: "	"	PUNCT	Lyrically	ADV	 Lyrically
Most of these sediments come from two distinct groups of colonies: domal, delicate branching, robust branching and	and	CCONJ	palmate	VERB	 palmate
Liverpool created more chances with Luis García missing the goal twice from headers. São Paulo had only created one	one	NUM	chance	NOUN	 chance
While at Fort Humboldt he met future president Ulysses S. Grant, and future General George Crook. According to	to	ADP	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
I don't remember exactly how many, but he saved dozens off that train, and the Germans and	and	CCONJ	Arrow	PROPN	 Arrow
Another 10,780 copies were sold in the second week, and the album's position on the Billboard 200 fell	fell	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The former also tend to be larger than the latter. Five genera and seven species (one now extinct	extinct	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
The Tablighi Jamaat also stated that they plan to develop the mosque to make full use of natural resources,	,	PUNCT	reducing	VERB	 reducing
Concerts began at the band shell in August 1931. In July 1932, Franklin Delano Roosevelt made a campaign	campaign	NOUN	stop	NOUN	 stop
There are a handful of memorials conducted in an Art Deco style, including the ANZAC War Memorial in Sydney	Sydney	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
The historical society published an updated village history (A Village Between Two Rivers: Briarcliff Manor) in 1977	1977	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Our theory is that with today's ancillary rights, there is real profit in a movie that costs	costs	VERB	$	SYM	 $
At 0000 UTC on October 27, the JTWC ceased watching the system, though the JMA continued tracking it	it	PRON	until	ADP	 until
Just how Microsoft will get it to that point, though, is still a mystery. " However,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
" It was widely known that Brown desired election to the U.S. Senate when his gubernatorial term expired in 1896	1896	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Hanson enjoyed the two " sleights of hand ", explaining he was surprised by Fauxlivia's universe crossing device	device	NOUN	failing	VERB	 failing
Denver International Airport's terminal building, completed in 1995, has a fabric roof supported as a minimal surface	surface	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Ziegfeld previewed the production in a pre Broadway tour from November 15 to December 19, 1927. The locations	locations	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
By the mid 1960s it was apparent that considerable subsidence was being caused by mining in the built up area	area	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Thwaites Glacier, which has also shown evidence of thinning, has been referred to as the weak underbelly of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meriwether Lewis supposedly became the first American to sight the drainage basin of the Snake River after he crossed the	the	DET	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
A later radio adaptation was broadcast in six episodes, in Radio Four's " Classic Serial " of April	April	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite the diverse appearances, these taxa are close genetically, leading Feng and colleagues to speculate on combining the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
O'Brien told a Variety reporter at the time of the announcement that he hoped that Weinberg would follow him to	to	ADP	Los	PROPN	 Los
This interchange is located just south of the Kansas Speedway. Just east of here, the route intersects I	I	PRON	435	NUM	 435
" The presence of the character in prime time television sparked discussion of the nature of bisexuality in a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A Sunday Herald critic opined that the song was " impressively lacquered " and " undoubtedly [helped] tentpole	tentpole	ADV	the	DET	 the
Castelli argued that it was urgent to rise against Lima because its economy depended largely on those districts, and	and	CCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
Alan Gishlick, in a 2001 study of Deinonychus forelimb mechanics, found that even if large wing feathers were	were	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
” In June 2008, a major nuclear equipment supplier, Holtec International, criticized the Department of Energy's	's	PART	safety	NOUN	 safety
A layer of modern building debris was removed before the level of the former monastery was reached. Two parallel	parallel	ADJ	human	ADJ	 human
But this is my warning — and this is not a threat, this is a promise! If either	either	CCONJ	Stewart	PROPN	 Stewart
This underlined the utility of lagerstätten like the Hunsrück Slate: these exceptionally preserved fossil horizons may be the only	only	ADJ	available	ADJ	 available
His orders were to meet up with the royal army, but while stopping at the town of Ripon in	in	ADP	Yorkshire	PROPN	 Yorkshire
Christoph Clavius, a Jesuit mathematician from the Roman College, was the expert on the committee who suggested the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The privileging of Belgian commercial interests meant that large amounts of capital flowed into the Congo and that individual regions	regions	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
All of these sports use a clock; in all of them, play is less individual and more collective	collective	ADJ	;	PUNCT	;
At 16: 40 the 10th Light Horse Regiment carried out a mounted charge into the middle of the position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
That feeling, along with granting it a sense of reality through use of dark imagery, would later define	define	VERB	the	DET	 the
Today the Eshmun sanctuary can be visited all year round and free of charge, it is accessible from an	an	DET	exit	NOUN	 exit
As expected, Australasia defeated Great Britain, claiming the gold medal, the score being 32 points to three	three	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The picture shows Huguenots leaving the French Church in what is now Soho. The Huguenot refugees had arrived in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The composition representing Vršac at the Exhibition was originally meant to depict folk hero Janko Halabura fighting the Turks,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
According to Nissan, the operating cost of the Leaf in the U.K. is 1.75 pence per mile (1.09p	1.09p	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Acarya Haribhadra and Acarya Hemacandra mention the five major vows of ascetics and 12 minor vows of laity under yoga	yoga	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There was a ceremony in the Congress, where his body was displayed in the Blue Hall, that was	was	AUX	attended	VERB	 attended
Robert's sons, John, Earl of Carrick, the king's heir, and Robert, Earl of	of	ADP	Fife	PROPN	 Fife
Clyde also lost to Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi final, following a replay. It was Speirs '	'	PART	only	ADJ	 only
The discovery led to significant improvements in diagnosis and improved antiviral treatment. In 2000, Drs. Alter and	and	CCONJ	Houghton	PROPN	 Houghton
On November 6, 1842, Griswold visited his wife in New York after she had given birth to their	their	PRON	third	ADJ	 third
603) and Crown prince Li Jiancheng (b. 589), in the Xuanwu Gate Incident on July 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Nevertheless, while on patrol between Armentières and Ypres on 6 September 1916 he scored his first victory. He	He	PRON	engaged	VERB	 engaged
Villeneuve made his debut at the 1977 British Grand Prix, where he qualified 9th in McLaren's old M23	M23	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The former business loop has not been listed on the National Highway System, a network of roads important to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Rock With U " was written by Shaffer Smith, Jermaine Dupri and Eric Stamile, with Dupri producing	producing	VERB	it	PRON	 it
He referred to morality as " a necessary spring of popular government ", and said, " Whatever may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
It was known as Triaenops rufus until 2009, when it was discovered that that name had been incorrectly applied	applied	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The terracing, designed by Archibald Leitch, was formed by wooden planks bolted onto a framework made of iron	iron	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They were the first major recurring characters outside of the Simpson family to appear. They are based on Tom	Tom	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
For Bennion, Christine does not merely relive key moments of her life, but attempts to " snatch at	at	ADP	lost	VERB	 lost
Douglas Home, less instinctively liberal on economic matters than Heath, would probably not have sponsored such a proposal	proposal	NOUN	unprompted	VERB	 unprompted
There were 200 more deaths among Operation Crossroads veterans than in the similar control group (12,520 vs. 12,320)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
There, he suffered a heart attack, but had to be persuaded to see a doctor and refused to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He remained in his hometown and attended Whittier College, his expenses there covered by a bequest from his maternal	maternal	ADJ	grandfather	NOUN	 grandfather
The San Jose jury eventually awarded Apple $290 million in damages after jurors completed a one page assessment form	form	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The highest of these was in Crowley, where 19.76 in (501.9 mm) of precipitation fell on August	August	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
The episodes are the 21st and 22nd of the 10th season, and the 216th and 217th episodes overall.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Thousands drowned when Lake Okeechobee breached its levees; the range of estimates of the dead spanned from 1,770 (	(	PUNCT	according	VERB	according
Meanwhile, leaders of the Kilab continued to hold the title of amir al ʿarab after the Ayyubid conquest of	of	ADP	Aleppo	PROPN	 Aleppo
The bequests to his nephews took priority, and his estate remained disputed by various creditors while the tomb was	was	AUX	being	AUX	 being
She hit shoal water a distance of three ship lengths from the main channel. Lifted some 7 feet (	(	PUNCT	2.1	NUM	2.1
(seasons 2 – present, recurring season 1) Michael Rooker as Merle Dixon: Daryl's racist and	and	CCONJ	volatile	ADJ	 volatile
While the album featured a range of different talented music producers, the bulk of the songwriting was done by	by	ADP	Carey	PROPN	 Carey
... I tell you again this indecent word is not to be used any longer. It is so common	common	ADJ	amongst	ADP	 amongst
She toured briefly with Bob Dylan in December 1995 (chronicled in a book of photographs by Stipe).	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" According to Andrew Pulver of The Guardian, the public fascination with war films became an " obsession "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The range of the 1967 light was 27 nautical miles (50 km; 31 mi). The light	light	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At its height, the rebels controlled the heart of Castile, ruling the cities of Valladolid, Tordesillas,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Near the Pungwe River, a road that connected Mozambique to Zimbabwe was destroyed. Many nearby homes and fields	fields	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Dex manages to track the origin of the robot control signal, but is then captured. However, he	he	PRON	leaves	VERB	 leaves
Guess that they don't know ya, cause today that was yesterday. " Sady Doyle of The Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	interpreted	VERB	 interpreted
According to an Easter Egg at the end of the largely tongue in cheek first film, the character Nathan	Nathan	PROPN	Summers	PROPN	 Summers
The Castilians held Gibraltar for over twenty years, until a new deal was struck in 1333 between the Nasrid	Nasrid	PROPN	sultan	NOUN	 sultan
He was the youngest of the couple's three sons, all of whom were avid horsemen. He also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901, with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by Walter Reed	Reed	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In " Total War " the terrorists tried to blackmail the Judges into relinquishing power by detonating nuclear bombs in	in	ADP	random	ADJ	 random
On the American right, the US 7th Marine Regiment under Colonel Glenn C. Funk occupied a linear defensive position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was a son of the general Bardas Phokas the Younger and great nephew of Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Shelby and his Overmountain Men crossed back over the Appalachian Mountains and retreated back into the territory of the Watauga	Watauga	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
These style parodies include imitations of specific artists like Nine Inch Nails and The Rugburns, as well as imitations	imitations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As compensation for removing the track and field sections, the stadium company had to pay for a new municipal	municipal	ADJ	athletics	NOUN	 athletics
Containing one of the slowest tempos, " Is This It " is the Strokes ' attempt at a ballad	ballad	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This left only the rearmost turret, with its pair of 12 inch guns, to cover the rear quarter	quarter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In a contemporary review of the play for The Sun newspaper, Nancy Banks Smith commented that, " If	If	SCONJ	you	PRON	 you
He later believed that the team was overambitious, and that the game was insufficiently focused and polished as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
The Vishnudharmottara Purana describes the Chaturvyuhas - Vasudeva (Krishna), Samkarshana (Balarama), Pradyumna, Aniruddha	Aniruddha	PROPN	-	PUNCT	 -
Piłsudski arrived at the front near Lida on 15 April, bringing reinforcements from Warsaw. His plan called for	for	ADP	exploitation	NOUN	 exploitation
This recording upset Garfunkel, who regarded it as a betrayal; the emotional tension from that incident occasionally surfacing	surfacing	VERB	throughout	ADP	 throughout
After performing " Shake It Off " and the official remix version of " We Belong Together, " Carey	Carey	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
And in our own language, — for he was familiar with English poetry, — speaking of the soul	soul	NOUN	's	PART	's
The converging aircraft collided nearly head on at an altitude of 21,000 feet (6,400 m) at an estimated	estimated	VERB	closure	NOUN	 closure
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having won the 1931 race by two and a half lengths	lengths	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 24.40 mile (39.27 km) long route, shaped as a backwards C, begins at an intersection	intersection	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Johnson's tailoring business prospered during the early years of the marriage, enabling him to hire help and giving	giving	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Interest in the Cottingley Fairies gradually declined after 1921. Both girls married and lived abroad for a time after	after	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He saved 36 games in 41 opportunities in the regular season and finished with a 1.91 ERA. In the	the	DET	1998	NUM	 1998
Their It Won't Be Soon Before Long world tour took place in 2007, where the band toured 28	28	NUM	cities	NOUN	 cities
Livermorium does not occur naturally at all. Oxygen makes up 21% of the atmosphere by weight, 89	89	NUM	%	NOUN	%
She is the recipient of an Academy Award, an Emmy Award, four Golden Globe Awards, a Grammy	Grammy	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
The ceremonies used in modern Egypt, Malaysia, Brunei and Iran were shaped by Islam, while Tonga's	's	PART	ritual	ADJ	 ritual
This decree issued by the triumvirate was motivated in part by a need to raise money to pay the salaries	salaries	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This set includes four books namely (Hayatus Sahabah, Fazail e Amaal, Fazail e Sadqaat and Muntakhab Ahadith	Ahadith	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It was sufficient that there had been an abuse of power which inconvenienced someone. " In support of this	this	DET	rule	NOUN	 rule
There it joined the British 27th Infantry Brigade, a garrison formation hurriedly committed from Hong Kong by the British	British	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
Many games in the series have sold well, despite a decline during the 2000s which resulted in the series	series	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
The New York Times listed Malenkov and Beria first and second among the ten man Presidium — and Khrushchev last	last	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Aguilera's performance, as well as Rihanna's one of " What's My Name? ", received	received	VERB	criticism	NOUN	 criticism
Liddell chose to reject the contract offer, reportedly estimated at £12,000. His wife Phyllis, whom he	he	PRON	married	VERB	 married
Balloons and rainbows are shown behind them and a whale jumps out of the water before the screen goes black	black	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The first construction phase included a 1 metre (3.3 ft) high wall that was later covered by the	the	DET	stucco	NOUN	 stucco
The bill itself was formally introduced to the House of Commons on 4 March 1907. The subject was debated	debated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He emphasized the need for vocational, as well as academic, education: " I preach the gospel of	of	ADP	work	NOUN	 work
He was a presidential elector in 1864, and a representative to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1864 –	–	PUNCT	1865	NUM	 1865
Carter responded to the Soviet intervention by withdrawing the SALT II treaty from the Senate, imposing embargoes on grain	grain	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The larvae may girdle a root, thereby causing its death, or the lesions may be only partial,	,	PUNCT	allowing	VERB	 allowing
Scheyer played a prank after Duke's win. He tweeted his more than 6,700 Twitter followers: " Hollerrrrr	Hollerrrrr	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The paintings were archived, and in 1991 they were restored and mounted in the California Room of the state	state	NOUN	capitol	NOUN	 capitol
Polar jet streams are typically located near the 250 hPa (about 1 / 4 atmosphere) pressure level,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The highlight of Vlasic's season was a matchup on December 8 against his old team, the Chargers.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
At the end of the season he signed his first professional contract, and Crewe were promoted into the First	First	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
On 24 May Abbott formally took up his position, attending the House of Lords regularly, and was the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
The discovery of a Cyathus species in Dominican amber (C. dominicanus) suggests that the basic form of the	the	DET	bird	NOUN	 bird
The late 20th century saw an extensive restoration programme, particularly of the west front. The stained glass is	is	AUX	currently	ADV	 currently
On March 18, 2006 Martin tendered his resignation as Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. Prime Minister	Minister	PROPN	Harper	PROPN	 Harper
Before the sisters can transform Kyra into a mortal, Zankou kills her because of her betrayal of the demonic	demonic	ADJ	world	NOUN	 world
Before making it to the NHL, Burrows also enjoyed a prolific ball hockey career, competing in national and	and	CCONJ	international	ADJ	 international
Penn National said it planned to return live racing and simulcast wagering to the track as well as pushing for	for	ADP	changes	NOUN	 changes
This portion of the belt was 200 ft (61 m) long and 9 feet 3 inches (3	3	NUM	m	ADV	 m
The pH of fresh ash leachates is highly variable, depending on the presence of an acidic gas condensate (	(	PUNCT	primarily	ADV	primarily
The singer revealed that she was " embarrassed " after she recorded " Partition " because of its overtly sexual	sexual	ADJ	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
The committee – who decided the venue for the 2008 final and the 2008 and 2009 UEFA Cup Finals at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Described in Samuel Lewis's A Topographical Dictionary of England (1848) as situated " on a gentle declivity	declivity	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Bosbyshell was hired, despite the fact that he was a Republican in a Democratic run municipal administration, because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
They were unwilling to render B. integrifolia paraphyletic by elevating this taxon to species rank, and they were equally	equally	ADV	unwilling	ADJ	 unwilling
In the summer of 1968, under what Sesame Street researchers Edward Palmer and Shalom Fisch called Lesser's "	"	PUNCT	able	ADJ	 able
The two pairs of casemates were linked by transverse armored bulkheads; the outer bulkhead was 194 mm thick while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Szigeti was dismayed by this trend, especially since he considered the fast paced and intense preparation necessary for high	high	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
According to Carey, writing " Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme) " helped her get	get	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Keyboardist of the group, Ricky Vela retold in a 2002 interview how the band hired a professional trumpist to	to	ADP	record	NOUN	 record
Astronomical measurements show that the proton to electron mass ratio has held the same value for at least half the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
It's dazzling craftsmanship – yet sweet and unforced. " The 1970 demo version of " Run of the	the	DET	Mill	PROPN	 Mill
This puffball was originally described in 1790 by French botanist Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard as Lycoperdon utriforme, and	and	CCONJ	since	SCONJ	 since
Tigranes refused Appius Claudius ' demands, stating that he would prepare for war against the Republic. Lucullus was	was	AUX	astonished	VERB	 astonished
The minimum was 8.2 cubic feet per second (0.23 m3 / s) on October 28, 1992.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In 1908 Beecham and the New Symphony Orchestra parted company, disagreeing about artistic control and, in particular,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
At this intersection, SR 177 turns northeast and travels across the Mojave Desert, through the Chuckwalla Valley.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On January 31, White scored 22 points, including the winning shot with 1.8 seconds left in a 72	72	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The Government did not pursue them; apparently its officials considered they had been sufficiently punished. In January 1833	1833	NUM	two	NUM	 two
The book was first published in 1976 in a hardcover format by Holt, Rinehart and Winston, and a	a	DET	paperback	NOUN	 paperback
The chronicler Richard Grafton, who knew him, described Guildford as " a comely, virtuous and goodly gentleman	gentleman	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The team generated some controversy in 2006 when they lured running back Ricky Williams from the NFL. Williams had	had	AUX	repeatedly	ADV	 repeatedly
According to booster Jack Heise, Byrd financed a new basketball arena through the out of state tuition, paid	paid	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The episode was written by series creators David Lynch and Mark Frost, and directed by Duwayne Dunham. "	"	PUNCT	Episode	NOUN	 Episode
No. 224 had three claims to fame: it was the first inside cylinder 4 4 0 to run	run	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In low lying areas, 1,580 residents of the Dominican Republic and more than 1,000 Haitians were evacuated as the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
In contrast to the abnormal movements of other movement disorders (for example, choreas, dystonias, myoclonus,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Lack of well defined case and control groups, insufficient sample size, control for multiple testing and control for	for	ADP	population	NOUN	 population
This episode was generally well received by critics. Abby West of Entertainment Weekly stated that " one of the	the	DET	many	ADJ	 many
He ended up fielding to a greater extent than he would have imagined, after Simon Jones ruptured knee ligaments	ligaments	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Of the estimated 100,000 Herdwick sheep present before the outbreak, a full 25% were lost. They were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
German intelligence had identified Northwest Africa as the " Achilles ' heel " of the French colonies, and encouraging	encouraging	VERB	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
This symmetry will generally preserve only a patch of tiles around the center point, but the patch can be	be	AUX	very	ADV	 very
Only two basic GA airfields, Silverstone and Duxford, are licensed, and all airstrips are unlicensed. The	The	DET	Light	PROPN	 Light
In August 2015, Capital Bikeshare announced that it had found a new equipment supplier and would add 435 bikes	bikes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The local climate is notable for its high sunshine levels, at least relative to much of the rest of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The initial Overlord plan called for the British Second Army to secure the city and then form a front line	line	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
On 14 February 1556, he was degraded from holy orders and returned to Bocardo. He had conceded very	very	ADV	little	ADJ	 little
Dealing with the themes of witchcraft, the film was based on ' Mobius Trips ', a short story	story	NOUN	written	VERB	 written
". Larwood then knocked Woodfull's bat from his hands, bringing further demonstrations from the crowd. Later	Later	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The scholar Anders Hallengren writes that because Hemingway learned from Pound to " distrust adjectives, " he created a	a	DET	style	NOUN	 style
In the economic austerity of post war Britain, Larwood's business made little money. He was persuaded,	,	PUNCT	largely	ADV	 largely
In 2004, Max was ranked at No. 17 in TV Guide's list of the " 25 Greatest	Greatest	ADJ	Sci	PROPN	 Sci
The earliest road to be built was Mount Osmond Road, and done so by early developers in 1882 to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
" Melissa Walters at BlackFilm.com, while believing some of the writing to be clichéd and the story familiar,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
A music video for " Until It's Gone " was then released on June 11, 2014. "	"	PUNCT	Wastelands	NOUN	 Wastelands
Just before to the No. 2 Audi's accident, the GT1 leading Aston Martin had also come off	off	ADP	the	DET	 the
An 1849 edition of Allen's Narrative. edited by Stephen Carl Arch. (2000). A Narrative	Narrative	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He was re signed on July 12, 2010, to a one year contract worth $625,000. Until	Until	ADP	suffering	VERB	 suffering
General Longstreet effectively put Alexander in charge of launching Maj. Gen. George Pickett on his famous charge, placing	placing	VERB	the	DET	 the
The John Hart Highway portion of Highway 97 runs east west through Chetwynd, connecting the town to Dawson Creek	Creek	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Aston Villa were in an elite group of seven clubs that has played in every Premier League season, the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
A few houses were also destroyed in Bimini. The death toll in the Bahamas was at least 125.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
VP0, which is further cleaved into VP2 and VP4, VP1 and VP3, proteins of the viral capsid	capsid	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The band struggled to complete " Stand Up Comedy ", a song they had been working on since the	the	DET	Fez	PROPN	 Fez
Although the work was based on the same Nietzsche work as Richard Strauss's Also sprach Zarathustra, Delius distanced	distanced	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
The pilot had taken off to return to his home in California near the end of the show when the	the	DET	crash	NOUN	 crash
The states of Maryland, Michigan, and New York have classified U. inflata as an endangered or threatened species	species	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Coves in the area vary by elevation and topography, with second growth oak and hickory more common in lower	lower	ADJ	lying	VERB	 lying
Crawford also missed the beginning of the season; a newspaper article by Albert Trott, a former Australian Test	Test	PROPN	all	DET	 all
He ordered his company of seven Panzer IVs to follow him over a bridge across an anti tank ditch.	.	PUNCT	Crossing	VERB	 Crossing
The ukiyo e artist Hokusai popularized the Japanese term for comics and cartooning, manga, in the early 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
As the French ranks wavered, the leading squadrons of Württemberg ’ s Danish horse – now unhampered by enemy	enemy	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
The School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences and the MIT Sloan School of Management were formed in	in	ADP	1950	NUM	 1950
On 26 November 2003 Concorde 216 made the final Concorde flight, returning to Bristol Filton Airport as the centrepiece	centrepiece	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She blamed Byron for the rest of her life for Allegra's death. Scandalized by Byron's reputation and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
At times, I feel worthless. I have an argument with a friend, all that I ’ ve	ve	AUX	come	VERB	 come
During the first week 6 RAR conducted ambushes along Route 23 between Dat Do and the Suoi Tre river,	,	PUNCT	pre	AUX	 pre
This was the first time tanks had been used in the campaign and the going was slow. By 19	19	NUM	:	SYM	:
A knight or magistrate would wear an augusticlavus, a tunic bearing small purple studs. Senators wore tunics with	with	ADP	broad	ADJ	 broad
If Iredale (another selector) agrees with you as to Macartney's inclusion, I favour yourself standing down	down	ADP	not	PART	 not
For Metternich, however, the tedium and homesickness only increased. In March 1851 Melanie induced him to write	write	VERB	to	ADP	 to
That year, Alabama received a great deal of industry attention: Billboard named them New Group for the Year	Year	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She appeared in a cameo role. Maaney's scenes were filmed in three days. Salim grew a beard	beard	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
3rd laird The third laird, also named James, inherited the estate in 1777; he was usually referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The lower part of the legs are pale on the inside and clear white spots are present just above the	the	DET	hooves	NOUN	 hooves
The New York Jets drafted Sanchez using the fifth overall selection in the 2009 NFL Draft, making him the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
" The album's musical style is primarily described as speed metal, thrash metal and heavy metal. Jon	Jon	PROPN	Pareles	PROPN	 Pareles
In February 1779, Clark arrived at Vincennes in a surprise winter expedition and retook the town, capturing Hamilton	Hamilton	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Although small numbers of British personnel had been deployed previously, Palliser was the first large scale intervention by British	British	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
This review also classified a partial postcranial skeleton (SAM PK K1328) from Voyizane as Heterodontosaurus. However,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
A cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined nearby. At Smithville, North Carolina, numerous ships experienced damage	damage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bear McCreary was hired to compose the score for the series. McCreary stated that the main theme was based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Both parents feed their young. Small chicks are fed by regurgitation; after about a week they are able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The Kop was also covered for the first time and increased to a 7,000 capacity. Other minor work was	was	AUX	carried	VERB	 carried
This caused famine unlike anything those of the time had seen before, weakening the people of Europe and the	the	DET	Middle	PROPN	 Middle
The variety most commonly associated with the name in English is of Ukrainian origin and includes beetroots as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four days before the shooting, he brought his mother a present, though it was several weeks before her	her	PRON	birthday	NOUN	 birthday
To stand in for the Seabourn Legend during the finale, two mock ups were constructed in Florida and towed	towed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The low temperature of the caves means that they can be used for maturing Cheddar cheese. The caves are	are	AUX	the	DET	 the
In January 1952, Pollard succeeded Colonel John Wilton as Director of Military Operations and Plans at Army Headquarters,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She was also the mother of the second Tokugawa shogun, Tokugawa Hidetada. During their relationship, Lady Saigō	Saigō	PROPN	influenced	VERB	 influenced
He moved to Southern California in 2012 to train with John Smith and opened his outdoor season with a wind	wind	NOUN	aided	VERB	 aided
Grampa takes him home, while Willie gives the wolf some alcohol and consoles him about losing. Mr. Burns	Burns	PROPN	attempts	VERB	 attempts
In January 2015, Daniel Bryan returned to the ring having recovered from his injury. That month at the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
In the game, Ulis, who had 23 points and 4 assists, tied the score with 21 seconds	seconds	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Wisden hailed Bradman as, " the greatest phenomenon in the history of cricket, indeed in the history of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
While this contradicted the British statement that paramountcy would lapse on the transfer of power, the Congress position had	had	AUX	always	ADV	 always
" The episode has also appeared on various " Best Of " lists of The X Files. Other episodes	episodes	NOUN	fared	VERB	 fared
Arkwright's stutter was not in the script; Barker was inspired to use it by Melvyn's performance and	and	CCONJ	use	NOUN	 use
Intimate and revealing, it made an appropriate end to the album, and was evident that Mariah was growing	growing	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Angered, Joe then begins to take his son to jail and handcuffs him. Kevin reminds his father of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
As a result of the escalating violence the government was forced to appeal for international peacekeepers on 25 May.	.	PUNCT	Peacekeepers	NOUN	 Peacekeepers
The film, about a faded Hollywood actor (Michael Keaton) struggling to mount a Broadway play, opened	opened	VERB	the	DET	 the
Beyond the specific factions of anarchist thought is philosophical anarchism, which embodies the theoretical stance that the state lacks	lacks	VERB	moral	ADJ	 moral
The song was written by Ester Dean, Traci Hale, Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen of StarGate	StarGate	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hellcats has been described as " Election meets Bring It On " by critics. It received generally mixed reviews	reviews	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
During these years, he participated in an anti segregation sit in at a Wilmington theatre. Academically, Biden	Biden	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Some have called this a publicity stunt designed to recruit members. Go Topless Day is their annual event,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
When US 62 first appeared on the state highway map in 1930, it had the same basic routing as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Also in 2006, Whitaker appeared in T.I. ' s music video " Live in the Sky " alongside Jamie	Jamie	PROPN	Foxx	PROPN	 Foxx
The Regina Margherita class battleships were also equipped with four 17.7 in (450 mm) torpedo tubes placed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
As the Blitz hit London, Crowley relocated to Torquay, where he was briefly hospitalised with asthma, and	and	CCONJ	entertained	VERB	 entertained
Lake made contact with the Wakkerstroom Zionists led by Pieter Louis Le Roux, and many Zionists joined the Apostolic	Apostolic	PROPN	Faith	PROPN	 Faith
Richard Chopping again provided the cover art for the first edition: a skull with gold coins for the eyes	eyes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The scent is said to " encapsulate the spirit " of Beckham, which, according to Rebecca Twomey	Twomey	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Pillau participated in the second attack on 16 August, led by the dreadnoughts Nassau and Posen. The minesweepers	minesweepers	NOUN	cleared	VERB	 cleared
One phylogenetic analysis places Turfanosuchus dabanensis, a Middle Triassic pseudosuchian, as the sister taxon of Revueltosaurus and Aetosauria	Aetosauria	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
... In addition to resembling the letter O and a buckeye nut, the flag's annulus also represents "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Only Leona Lewis's debut hit " A Moment Like This ", which sold over 500,000 copies in its	its	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
On 2 July 2001, the first sculpted stone was laid. The team of eight sadhus consisted of scholars	scholars	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In a nearby canyon, floodwaters washed out many cars and livestock. In Cabo San Lucas, Jimena produced	produced	VERB	little	ADJ	 little
" Some of the sketches in Bigipedia are inspired directly by articles on Wikipedia. Kirshen said in the same	same	ADJ	interview	NOUN	 interview
The Battle of Lansdowne took place on 5 July 1643 during the Civil War. The Royalists under Lord Hopton	Hopton	PROPN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
Bird himself started to suffer ill effects while collecting air samples from the floor near the stove. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The KUNSTEN Museum of Modern Art Aalborg was built from 1958 to 1972; the collection consists of around 1,500	1,500	NUM	art	NOUN	 art
In Evansville, Hinde had become acquainted with the Reid Brothers, who designed many notable structures there, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
In Nuevo Laredo, three young persons were rescued from a flooded arroyo. The San Fernando River also breached	breached	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Obviously she has gone through missing Thor and also being upset at him because he didn't come knock on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
As they watch, the hotel is revealed to be part of a large simulation; the Doctor identifies themselves	themselves	PRON	aboard	ADP	 aboard
Wheatley's successor, Dugald Drummond, offered the opinion that NBR express locomotives of the period were " like	like	ADP	skinny	ADJ	 skinny
" Tennis the Menace " was written by Ian Maxtone Graham and directed by Jen Kamerman as part of the	the	DET	twelfth	ADJ	 twelfth
Houtteman spent the offseason selling cars and making public appearances for the Detroit Tigers. During the 1953 Detroit Tigers	Tigers	PROPN	season	NOUN	 season
Weizsäcker served as the Governing Mayor (Regierender Bürgermeister) of West Berlin from 1981 to 1984. During his	his	PRON	years	NOUN	 years
" Hundreds of conference goers kept tabs on each other via constant twitters. Panelists and speakers mentioned the service	service	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He stated that although the songs are " easy to listen ", they " break no new ground "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Goldstone was president of the Jewish training and education charity World ORT between 1997 and 2004. He was an	an	DET	honorary	ADJ	 honorary
Aluminium composite honeycomb was used in place of aluminium sheet metal in constructing the new monocoque. This car,	,	PUNCT	originally	ADV	 originally
During that time Ludacris begins to brag about his " girl " towards the other cast members. Later in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1820, an orangery was built on the grounds. Charles Carnan Ridgely frequently entertained prominent guests in the	the	DET	Mansion	PROPN	 Mansion
By the start of the 20th century the original dynamic, centered on Boston, had completely shifted as New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
" Diggle states, " Gossip was, of course, the last man to keep quiet about this decision	decision	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Well known for his hip hop style and use of catchphrases, Scott was also a regular for the network	network	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Lee's army suffered 32,907 casualties, but he was less able to replace them. The costly Union assault	assault	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Swiss motorcycle racer Thomas Lüthi won the 2005 MotoGP World Championship in the 125cc category. In June 2007 the	the	DET	Swiss	PROPN	 Swiss
This case attracted such widespread professional interest that Molaison became the most intensively studied subject in medical history. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The jury deliberated less than seven hours before convicting him on July 24, 1979 of the two murders,	,	PUNCT	three	NUM	 three
Appian gave 50,000 killed and " a great many " taken prisoner. Plutarch agreed, " 50,000 Romans fell	fell	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In Burlington, 27 boats were destroyed, and one person drowned in Lake Erie after his boat sank.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
Nevertheless, the game had to be censored for release in some regions, and Japanese sales were poor,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
That's a fine start, but the film then marches in staid chronological order. " Corliss continued,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Ichijinsha was the publisher for all but Trajectory of Venus, which was published by ASCII Media Works. Three	Three	NUM	novel	ADJ	 novel
During a 24 hour span on May 27, 218 mm (8.6 in) of rain fell in Manila	Manila	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Nearly all life forms in the ocean depend on the photosynthetic activities of phytoplankton and other marine plants to convert	convert	VERB	carbon	NOUN	 carbon
The earliest existing of Justinian's domed buildings is the central plan Church of Saints Sergius and Bacchus in Constantinople	Constantinople	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Haitians had been afraid that US investors were trying to convert the economy back into a plantation based one since	since	SCONJ	US	PROPN	 US
On 7 June 2012, Knight Frank announced that administrators Ernst & Young had entered into an exclusivity agreement with	with	ADP	Malaysia	PROPN	 Malaysia
In March, she confirmed that her fourth studio album would be released by the end of 2013. Before	Before	ADP	directly	ADV	 directly
28 different players represented the club in four competitions and there were 12 different goalscorers. Ian Wright was Arsenal	Arsenal	PROPN	's	PART	's
American art rock band... And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead has a song on their	their	PRON	1998	NUM	 1998
As a pitcher, Seymour threw a fastball, a curveball, and a screwball. Orioles catcher Wilbert Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The season officially began on June 15, and lasted until November 15. These dates conventionally delimit the period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Meanwhile, Napoleon's main force was to be concealed in a dead ground opposite the Heights. According to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The character of Marceline was present in the series ' pitch bible, but she had not yet appeared in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
The two neighbourhoods were both larger than the original nine: together, their proposed population was 23,000. Work	Work	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
A single, delicate young is born after an unknown gestational period. The royal antelope prefers areas with fresh	fresh	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Andrew II of Hungary was extremely favorably disposed towards the Templars. During his participation in the Fifth Crusade,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Soon after Nelson returned home, Warren arrived in his truck with his brothers. The men shot at the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali paid tribute to the team, who use Ferrari engines, saying " They deserve	deserve	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On May 8, 2008 it was announced that Cole Hall would be remodeled inside and out pending $7.7	7.7	NUM	million	NUM	 million
This was roughly in line with the national figures, except for the number of people in retirement. This	This	DET	figure	NOUN	 figure
The first display of the new queen's authority was the formal act of homage of the Lower Austrian Estates	Estates	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Sadly, Charizard's disobedience to Ash then led to costing him the Kanto League. Charizard became loyal during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
On January 11, 2013, Wambach was allocated to the National Women's Soccer League club, Western New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The General Assembly met again, without proposing a budget, the following day. Meeting on the third day	day	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After that, the team decided to remove all the Counter Strike content and started developing the zombie game,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Merv opened, while Neil and Ray batted at Nos. 4 and 7 respectively. Victoria batted first and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Flagler's establishment of " the Styx ", a settlement for hotel and rail line workers across the river	river	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
However, during the 1890s the chemical business in Widnes went into decline as more efficient methods of making alkali	alkali	ADJ	were	AUX	 were
He explained on a DVD audio commentary for the episode that his grandmother was the oldest citizen of his hometown	hometown	NOUN	West	PROPN	 West
The ribbon was wrapped around the bird's wings and body. Five stars were engraved on the ribbon when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Along with others in the AFL – CIO and SDUSA, Kahn was accused of criticizing Harrington's application for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The site is of considerable importance for studies relating to the possible glaciation of the area, and of the	the	DET	terrace	NOUN	 terrace
According to Dorthe Refslund Christensen, Hubbard's hagiography directly compares him with Buddha. Hubbard is viewed as having	having	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Violence broke out on 28 April when some of the petitioners and gangs of youths who had joined the protest	protest	NOUN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
On many days, clouds shroud the monastery and give an eerie feeling of remoteness. On the approach path	path	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Raised in Queensland as part of the Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF) shortly after the outbreak of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The narrow lot allowed only a single, double loaded corridor, which was appointed with a 3 foot (	(	PUNCT	0.91	NUM	0.91
According to another Hindu legend, Rama, the seventh avatar of god Vishnu, is believed to have visited	visited	VERB	Vedaranyam	PROPN	 Vedaranyam
The 18 caliber 274 millimeter Modèle 1870 gun fired an armor piercing, 476.2 pound (216.0 kg) shell	shell	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
These three letters, drafted to an unknown man simply referred to as " Master ", continue to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
After the season premiere, the highest rated episode the season was the finale, " Talitha Cumi ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The battalion was stationed at Baggush until late January 1942 before being moved to Maadi. Shortly afterwards it was	was	AUX	called	VERB	 called
After the pope declared her illegitimate in 1570 and released her subjects from obedience to her, several conspiracies threatened	threatened	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In these exhibition games, he performed in the team's starting position. The Olympic Qualifying Tournament began on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Playing for the Stars, wearing number 5, she scored 14 points in her team's victory. She	She	PRON	switched	VERB	 switched
Sheldon stated that he did not want to create entirely new protagonists for the Christie games, but rather preferred	preferred	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The two begin an affair, and Eve becomes pregnant; by this time, Hannah is infertile. On	On	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Bright said of their relationship, " It's really sweet. I don't think Poppy or Fatboy realised	realised	VERB	they	PRON	 they
" Hey, Feller " – Used in nearly all stage productions up until 1946, and sung in the	the	DET	prologue	NOUN	 prologue
And Trevor's the same way. They just keep working and make sure that they've got goals they	they	PRON	want	VERB	 want
He is given one last chance if he plays football for the East Dillon Lions. Although he has no	no	DET	prior	ADJ	 prior
He left school at the age of 15, and due to the influence of his parents was apprenticed to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In an 1851 paper, Sylvester explains: I have in previous papers defined a " Matrix " as a	a	DET	rectangular	ADJ	 rectangular
Born 23 February 1760 in La Petite Pierre, Alsace, Bourcier was a cavalry lieutenant when the French Revolution	Revolution	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Ice, as a lens of water on the base of bedrock, slides by gravity downwards. The good	good	ADJ	moraine	NOUN	 moraine
On December 31, 1969, it was announced that plans for the PA 321 project in Kane and East	East	PROPN	Kane	PROPN	 Kane
For even higher frequencies, microelectromechanical methods can be used as described below. Bridging wires are rods that couple	couple	VERB	together	ADV	 together
Unlike supplemental calcium, high intakes of dietary calcium do not appear to cause kidney stones and may actually protect	protect	VERB	against	ADP	 against
Strong wind shear disorganized the system slightly, leading to Amy featuring subtropical characteristics. By the evening, the	the	DET	strongest	ADJ	 strongest
The basic call of the chestnut sparrow is a subdued chirp, with two recorded variations: a scolding threat	threat	NOUN	call	NOUN	 call
Mauboy's music is generally R & B and pop, but she also incorporates dance, funk, soul	soul	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Franken was born on May 21, 1951, in New York City, to Joseph Franken, a printing	printing	NOUN	salesman	NOUN	 salesman
Fiumano recalled, " she said, ' We're gon na. They're gonna kill us,	,	PUNCT	you	PRON	 you
US Marines conducted an amphibious landing at Cape Torokina, on the western coast of the island, north of	of	ADP	Empress	PROPN	 Empress
In May 1999, Mantle, a cricket fan, agreed to participate in a celebrity international cricket tournament with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
She continued to have a rivalry with Kelly throughout October, and was also a part of the winning team	team	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" " From This Moment On " was released as the fourth single from Come On Over on March 14	14	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The video depicts Madonna as a bullfighter's (played by real life Spanish bullfighter Emilio Muñoz) neglected lover	lover	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Previous records of it being found as far north as Durban are now thought to be misidentifications of other species	species	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Reuters even placed it ahead of Titanic after adjusting the global total for inflation. Before its release, various	various	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
This new low quickly intensified and became a powerful nor ' easter that caused substantial damage throughout the Mid Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Spacecraft from the Soviet Union's Luna program were the first to accomplish a number of goals: following three	three	NUM	unnamed	ADJ	 unnamed
She did not actually write any part of the screenplay. She is also said to have changed its title	title	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
For Abrams, " The costumes were a microcosm of the entire project, which was how to take something	something	PRON	that	PRON	 that
The painting, with its ten foot width, was intended both for exhibition halls and the homes of America	America	PROPN	's	PART	's
Ling made the " damn hot kiss " even hotter because " she's the exotic, erotic experimenter of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They produced " So What? " and " Do They Owe Us A Living? " as a drum	drum	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hamilton is home to the Royal Botanical Gardens, the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum, the Bruce Trail, McMaster	McMaster	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
After a major fire in the largely wooden Aberdeen in the 1740s, the city fathers decreed that major buildings	buildings	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
Some modern writers describe Justus as one of the original missionaries who arrived with Augustine in 597, but Bede	Bede	PROPN	believed	VERB	 believed
Analysis revealed that the fan was being subjected to high cycle fatigue stresses worse than expected and also more severe	severe	ADJ	than	SCONJ	 than
Because of the very different circumstances from which they came, and in which they played, the rhythm and	and	CCONJ	blues	NOUN	 blues
The Phillies defeated Team Canada (with Phillie Matt Stairs) on March 4, 9 – 2, and	and	CCONJ	lost	VERB	 lost
" Do What U Want " reached the top of the charts in Greece, and also reached the top	top	ADJ	ten	NUM	 ten
He retained a positive view of White and rejected allegations that she was a charlatan. By 1912, Sadler	Sadler	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" He notes: " In the sixties rock and roll began to think of itself as an ' art	art	NOUN	form	NOUN	 form
Subsequently, the Star Trek franchise has portrayed a few same sex kisses, but always in the context of	of	ADP	either	CCONJ	 either
This later became known as Einstein's special theory of relativity. Consequences of this include the time space frame	frame	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Paralysis generally develops one to ten days after early symptoms begin, progresses for two to three days, and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
Life's review described Hud as " likable, smart, and [with] the potential to measure up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
SR 127 begins at an intersection with US 12 in the unincorporated community of Dodge, located between Starbuck and	and	CCONJ	Pomeroy	PROPN	 Pomeroy
In 1918, lightning again struck the monument with great effect. The bolt of lightning shattered the capstone and	and	CCONJ	sent	VERB	 sent
French casualties in the action totalled 63, including Mullon killed and his three lieutenants wounded. Losses aboard Nymphe	Nymphe	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
A straw spinning wheel is shown in the forest. In the Enchanted Forest, a young pickpocket named Jiminy	Jiminy	PROPN	desires	NOUN	 desires
The various worlds that Sora explores often have an optional party character from the film on which the world is	is	AUX	based	VERB	 based
It forms large schools in shallow, coastal waters, and migrates seasonally following warm water. A relatively small	small	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Vernon Treatt was born in Singleton, New South Wales, in 1897, the youngest son of Frank Burford	Burford	PROPN	Treatt	PROPN	 Treatt
He left Harworth and District and joined Rotherham's Scala Wheelers at the end of 1954. Simpson's first	first	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
Small changes to these values before or during recombination can augment the damping effect considerably. This dependence on the	the	DET	baryon	NOUN	 baryon
" Mark Jenkins of the Washington Post said the album " manages to stay fresh through the use of assorted	assorted	ADJ	sonic	ADJ	 sonic
Flair Records, another of the Bihari brothers ' Modern labels, released the single, backed with " Sunny	Sunny	ADJ	Land	PROPN	 Land
Technical quality HCl at typically 18% concentration is the most commonly used pickling agent for the pickling of carbon	carbon	NOUN	steel	NOUN	 steel
Kerala is one of the prominent tourist destinations of India, with backwaters, beaches, Ayurvedic tourism and tropical	tropical	ADJ	greenery	NOUN	 greenery
He stated,... the gospel of Christ is not opposed to government... but is a support to government	government	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
Damage totaled about $1.5 billion (1991 USD). That included about $700 million through cleanup costs	costs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The traditional cookery of Wales originates from the daily meals of peasant folk, unlike other cultures where meals often	often	ADV	started	VERB	 started
The reverse bears an inscription in an Egyptian script, saying " Artaxerxes Pharaoh. Life, Prosperity, Wealth	Wealth	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
It paused at Doriskos where it was joined by the fleet. Xerxes reorganized the troops into tactical units replacing	replacing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Young had served as the primary drummer on Slay Tracks, with Malkmus and Kannberg drumming on a few songs	songs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 24 Test matches as captain, Hassett oversaw 14 wins and suffered defeat only four times, but it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The ship's top speed was 14 knots (26 km / h; 16 mph), at 5,468	5,468	NUM	indicated	VERB	 indicated
Infantriedivision) under Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer supported by elements of 1st Parachute and 5th Mountain Division (5.	.	PUNCT	Gebirgsdivision	NOUN	 Gebirgsdivision
James Fraser suggested Peace dollar designer Anthony de Francisci, but sculptor Chester Beach was engaged instead. Numismatic historian	historian	NOUN	Don	PROPN	 Don
There are many commercial models, the first of which was the Telrad, invented by amateur astronomer Steve Kufeld	Kufeld	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Emerald was first commissioned in August 1795, under Velters Cornewall Berkeley and in January 1797, she sailed for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a result of the delay, in 1970 non proof half dollars were only made in Denver and released	released	VERB	solely	ADV	 solely
To manage the logistics associated with the increased artillery, Royal Artillery staff officer Major Alan Brooke developed coordinated communication	communication	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The new Dean, William Bruce Knight, was instrumental in bringing about the much needed restorations. Enough restoration	restoration	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The visitors should have forced extra time but Jamie Mackie spurned a chance when he pulled his shot wide with	with	ADP	only	ADV	 only
Developing talent at little cost thanks to Rickey, the Cardinals dominated the National League, winning nine league titles	titles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
United Artists renewed its marketing campaign to reduce its focus on Cruise and to highlight Singer's credentials. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The quote " A lie keeps growing and growing until it's as plain as the nose on your face	face	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The story is told through chains of emails, which are unlocked by completing puzzles. The player assumes the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
It is probably the only feral herd of horses residing in Africa, with a population ranging between 90 and	and	CCONJ	150	NUM	 150
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign, Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April	April	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
The simulation indicated such a rogue wave could almost completely submerge the bow or stern of the ship with water	water	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
McCain ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2000 but lost a heated primary season contest to George W. Bush	Bush	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It stars Hiam Abbass, Ali Suliman, Danny Leshman, Rona Lipaz Michael, Tarik Kopty, Amos Lavi	Lavi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Able to hold the ball up well, he also functioned as a target man, providing balls for other	other	ADJ	players	NOUN	 players
Zieliński left the company, and Kiciński headed the project. Although the game's development continued, the demo	demo	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Allmusic called the album " terrific ", and stated that the band's decision to release an all Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	record	NOUN	 record
Although the German army bypassed Antwerp, it remained a threat to their flank. Another siege followed at Namur	Namur	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
William J. Fields was born December 29, 1874 in Willard, Carter County, Kentucky. He was the	the	DET	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
During his run, there was also a stand alone issue, the Hellblazer Annual # 1, exploring Constantine	Constantine	PROPN	's	PART	's
Other X5s are periodically introduced, most significantly Zack (William Gregory Lee), the unit leader. The	The	DET	Manticore	PROPN	 Manticore
AltSounds staff member Jack Stevin deemed it " disappointing " and unfocused, writing that Kills was not in control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When Lassen Peak formed it looked much like the nearby Chaos Crags domes do today, with steep sides covered	covered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
During a public hearing about Hase's proposal, a county legislator began screaming to simulate the sound neighbours would	would	AUX	hear	VERB	 hear
At the time she owned five other business ventures, including a steakhouse, an outsourcing company, and a	a	DET	cafe	NOUN	 cafe
Hailed across the North as the winning general in a great war, his nomination as president seemed inevitable.	.	PUNCT	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
In 1837, they protested against the abolition or alteration of the constitution of the Kingdom of Hanover by Ernest	Ernest	PROPN	Augustus	PROPN	 Augustus
She is then only briefly mentioned in Aqua's storyline, when the Magic Mirror tells Aqua that the Queen	Queen	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Intercity rail services also operate from Hyderabad; the main, and largest, station is Secunderabad Railway Station,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
It took place on June 19, 1994, at the Baltimore Arena, now known as Royal Farms Arena	Arena	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Elmo became, as writer Michael Davis reported, " the embodiment " of Sesame Street, and " the	the	DET	marketing	NOUN	 marketing
The second characteristic was that Accum did not limit his campaign to simply exposing problems. At the end of	of	ADP	every	DET	 every
S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s illegal. We have very few resources. Everything we're going to do involves dealing with	with	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Cosma e Damiano and Angelo of S. Maria in Domnica. It is not known whether the remaining five adherents	adherents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
MDOT's surveys in 2010 showed that the highest traffic level along M 84 was 26,408 vehicles daily in Saginaw	Saginaw	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Digital Devil Saga began development pre 2002 under the working title New Goddess. The game's concept and original	original	ADJ	draft	NOUN	 draft
Meanwhile, in Bulawayo, South African newspaper reports of the concession started to arrive in the middle of January	January	PROPN	1889	NUM	 1889
This information can relay a great deal of information on how the land once was thousands of years ago and	and	CCONJ	how	SCONJ	 how
" When compared to its predecessor, The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle earth, GamePro	GamePro	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Having had no anti shipping attack training, their ability to inflict damage to the ships was poor. The	The	DET	main	ADJ	 main
On the way, Markham paused for nearly a month in the town of Ayacucho, to study the local	local	ADJ	culture	NOUN	 culture
In the latter island, the depression left 200 people homeless, caused $500,000 in damage, and killed	killed	VERB	three	NUM	 three
He still struggled with prejudice against Germanophiles: also in 1921, he tried to obtain the History Chair at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later that month, the King was unhorsed in a tournament and was badly injured and it seemed for a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Between 2000 and 2006, this mission carried out extensive archaeological and art historical research in the citadel, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
He performed the cantata again on the last Sunday before Lent a year later, after he had taken up	up	ADP	office	NOUN	 office
" Eye Weekly reviewer Will Sloan says, " Bandslam is like a teenybopper version of Adventureland, and if	if	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Post analysis by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center suggested that the first storm turned to the west and dissipated,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, there were state funding issues for the Pala road by May 1912 that prevented completion, though the	the	DET	planned	ADJ	 planned
In forging the documents, Edwards originally secured Dart's signature on a document written in a type of ink	ink	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" On another occasion when Lincoln's son Tad saw Booth perform, he said the actor thrilled him,	,	PUNCT	prompting	VERB	 prompting
This storm was named " Nina " because during this time, hurricanes in this basin were given names from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Julie Kane, the refrain in each stanza indicates that the form descended from a " choral dance	dance	NOUN	song	NOUN	 song
Enough sulfides are present in the ship to produce another 5,000 kilograms (11,000 lb) of acid at a	a	DET	rate	NOUN	 rate
In Jardine's obituary, Wisden described this tour as " probably the most controversial tour in history. England	England	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
Over the next few years Słowacki wrote and published many works, including Testament mój (My Last Will)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In overtime in the January 1, 2000 Orange Bowl against Alabama, his PAT provided the margin of victory	victory	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
About 2,900 of these deaths occur among people who have never smoked. While radon is the second most frequent	frequent	ADJ	cause	NOUN	 cause
If a fatty acid contains a double bond, there is the possibility of either a cis or trans geometric	geometric	ADJ	isomerism	NOUN	 isomerism
Really helpful whenever his advice was invited, he never obtruded his own opinions, although I knew that he	he	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Upon learning of it, he initially advanced to meet Vologases, but after a reconnaissance detachment was defeated,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
This was for a tube railway running from Hammersmith to Cannon Street, which would have duplicated parts of the	the	DET	DR	PROPN	 DR
Instead of following every note on the records, Leonard encouraged the musicians to come up with new ideas for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The clerk called the roll of the states again, and a band played " Yankee Doodle " and "	"	PUNCT	Dixie	PROPN	 Dixie
Of these, five were tropical storms, seven were hurricanes, of which three were major (Category 3	3	NUM	or	CCONJ	 or
The restaurant replaced Leo's Non Smoking Coffee Shop, which was owned by Peter and Jane Chan for thirty	thirty	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The Faisalabad railway station is the central railway station in the city. The railway line forms part of the	the	DET	Khanewal	PROPN	 Khanewal
" An unused Louisiana field was used to create a racetrack where Angel meets the wealthy patriarch Ethan Krusemark (	(	PUNCT	Fontelieu	PROPN	Fontelieu
Thomas noted that as well as writing the script, someone would need to pay for the film, but	but	CCONJ	indicated	VERB	 indicated
Her propulsion system consisted of two vertical triple expansion engines rated at 21,968 indicated horsepower (16,382 kW).	.	PUNCT	Steam	NOUN	 Steam
It runs east – west from the intersection of NY 82 in the village of Millbrook to the Connecticut state	state	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
The farm was named after Craigflower Farm in England which was owned by Andrew Colville, Governor of the Hudson	Hudson	PROPN	's	PART	's
It can be distinguished from other white fungi growing in grassland by its fluffy cap, though the white veil	veil	NOUN	fragments	NOUN	 fragments
Upon treatment with a standard base, it converts to metal acetate and water. With strong bases (e.g.	e.g.	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He found the lyrics to be sometimes odd, especially the statement, " I'm on a mission,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Nanoor is the birthplace of the 14th century poet Chandidas Rami. Nityananda Swami (Nitai of the famous Nitai	Nitai	PROPN	Gaur	PROPN	 Gaur
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) started monitoring the system on October 14, and later that day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Throughout his career, Clayton has used both Fender Precision and Jazz basses. His first bass, however,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Although the defensive wall was never fully completed, many bunkers still exist near Ostend, Channel Islands, Scheveningen	Scheveningen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The theme of a lawsuit against a giant corporation appeared in " The Runaway Jury " - but in the	the	DET	present	ADJ	 present
These are (1) the theological, (2) the metaphysical, and (3) the positive	positive	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Hector weakened to a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on August 23, and to a remnant low six hours	hours	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
" The Catholic Secular Forum condemned the album's lyrical content. Joseph Dias issued a statement in which he	he	PRON	deemed	VERB	 deemed
Two portraits of Wood, painted by Manson, have been exhibited at the Celebritarian Corporation Gallery of Fine Art	Art	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On 31 March, Petropavlovsk and Poltava sortied to support Russian cruisers and destroyers engaging their Japanese counterparts, but	but	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Lieutenant Edward Hidalgo was born in Mexico City. After immigrating to the United States, he joined and served	served	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During his term he brought together the disparate projects in American space development research. The third administrator was James	James	PROPN	E.	PROPN	 E.
The Hoamen begin to sacrifice children for their god by feeding them to a large snake. Madoc, angry	angry	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
British aircraft received fighter control from warships in San Carlos Water, although its effectiveness was limited by their being	being	AUX	stationed	VERB	 stationed
Earlier that year, he knelt on stage at The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert and recited the Lord's Prayer	Prayer	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
The term " dominion status " was officially introduced at the Colonial Conference of 1907. The last decades of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Close behind is September's best, the $48 million that Hotel Transylvania 2 took in following its 2015	2015	NUM	release	NOUN	 release
At 05: 10, on August 22, an advance guard of 4,000 British troops, under the command	command	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Having defeated the communist government, Solidarity found itself in a role it was much less prepared for — that	that	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
However, on 16 September, like many others, he succumbed to dysentery and paratyphoid fever. He was	was	AUX	evacuated	VERB	 evacuated
The practice of taking in Magdalens followed a tradition originating in Europe, where religious orders would take in "	"	PUNCT	repentants	NOUN	 repentants
These seaborne landings were to be supported by airborne assaults whereby the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division would support the Americans	Americans	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
These were probably only two of many accomplished composers from this era, whose work has largely only survived in	in	ADP	fragments	NOUN	 fragments
Section 31 was codified in the Revised Statutes. Section 33 was codified in the Revised Statutes. According to	to	ADP	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
In it, writer Alison Flood contended that " fiction in translation is not an easy sell to Brits,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It was built by the Duke of Buckingham in 1871 as part of a short horse drawn tramway to allow	allow	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In the Windward Islands, lightning caused two indirect deaths in Trinidad. Chantal dropped light to moderate rainfall across	across	ADP	its	PRON	 its
In his full debt four days later, Rodríguez played the entire match as the Swiss defeated Montenegro 2 –	–	PUNCT	0	NUM	 0
Shortly after Lincoln's death, Union General William T. Sherman reported he had, without consulting Washington, reached	reached	VERB	an	DET	 an
But the fact that I ’ m going to school or that someone takes a picture of me sleeping is	is	AUX	like	ADP	 like
The singer wore a crop top, " bizzare oversized " shorts, an " unusual " hairnet, and	and	CCONJ	large	ADJ	 large
Film of the concert was produced for television broadcast and the home video market. It was produced by James	James	PROPN	Signorelli	PROPN	 Signorelli
Rubens Barrichello who was caught up in the first lap accident was mathematically ruled out of clinching the title.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote that the song and " Irresistible " were " double punch " on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a member of a combined SEAL and Iraqi Army sniper overwatch element, tasked with providing early warning and	and	CCONJ	stand	VERB	 stand
Each cow ate an average of seven pounds of grain per day (varying from two pounds on pasture to	to	ADP	12	NUM	 12
The engraving is entitled Port Jackson, Nlle Hollande. Ceremonie preliminaire d'un mariage, chez les sauvages (ceremony	ceremony	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
In this capacity he helped organise the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs in 1957. He founded the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
The cottages are now owned by the National Trust. The Clifton and Cotham areas provide examples of the developments	developments	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He was stationed in the Breisgau, a Habsburg territory between the Black Forest and the Rhine River. This	This	DET	location	NOUN	 location
The episode also has new performances of three songs that are not on the album. " In My Life	Life	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Such, Porter argues, is the mark of a grey hero. Davies stated in an interview with SFX	SFX	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
The two remaining dates of the tour were canceled and members of the band contemplated retiring after this event.	.	PUNCT	Pearl	PROPN	 Pearl
In the 17th century, the Franciscans came to the conclusion that the pacification and Christian conversion of the Maya	Maya	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
Yazid used his cavalry regiment to counterattack but was repulsed. Despite stiff resistance, the warriors of Yazid on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Finally he retained the eighth starry sphere, which he held to be unmoving. The English almanac maker,	,	PUNCT	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
Another tropical depression developed on September 17, while situated about 205 mi (330 km) south of Santiago	Santiago	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Newton made clear his heliocentric view of the Solar System — developed in a somewhat modern way, because already	already	ADV	in	ADP	 in
By the end, it had been visited by 104 different people from twelve different nations, making it the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
In his historical work, Hirst's colleague at La Trobe University, Alan Frost, has noted that Hirst	Hirst	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As Edward, with his restored arm, fights Father, Alphonse's soul disappears from the armor. Following	Following	VERB	Father	PROPN	 Father
The apse housed the choir stalls of the canons surrounding the high altar. The nave was decorated with Corinthian	Corinthian	ADJ	pilasters	NOUN	 pilasters
The researchers recorded when children in their study moved their attention away from the television to the projector, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The AP also named Ford a second team all Big Nine Conference end. In the summer of 1948,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The company made an agreement to wet lease Busy Bee F 27s one some of the routes, while the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
It is possible that it stands where originally erected before the pyramid was built over it. A funerary urn	urn	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In her second RCM year Imogen concentrated on composition, producing several chamber works including a violin sonata, an	an	DET	oboe	ADJ	 oboe
Most of the remaining members became prisoners of the British Army. Subsequently, 38 officers were extradited to Yugoslavia	Yugoslavia	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The botched rollout of season two included a changed premiere date and episodes that were difficult to access in advance	advance	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Lithuania would become disillusioned with the Nazi regime and organize resistance, notably the Supreme Committee for the Liberation of	of	ADP	Lithuania	PROPN	 Lithuania
Past Monroe Street, the route makes a long, significant turn to the west, following Honeoye Creek into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Harry Secombe played his regular character in The Goon Show, Neddie Seagoon, in turn playing " Professor Ned	Ned	PROPN	Cratermess	PROPN	 Cratermess
He served as secretary of the Filipino Community of Stockton from 1954 to 1956. In 1956, Itliong founded	founded	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1915, and again in 1917, Detzner and some of his men tried to escape along the coast	coast	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Superman was also the final complete film by cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth, who died during post production while working on	on	ADP	Tess	NOUN	 Tess
The village of Frémicourt fell the following day. The New Zealand Division continued to advance, with the 2nd	2nd	PROPN	Brigade	PROPN	 Brigade
On February 9, 2012, it was reported that The Expendables 2 was in post production. The Expendables	Expendables	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
According to Cuthbert, Bede fell ill, " with frequent attacks of breathlessness but almost without pain ",	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
The core is constructed from a dome of stacked bricks made from hardened sand, whilst the shell is made	made	VERB	using	VERB	 using
By 1756, the French had enjoyed successes in most of their frontier battles against the British. Their only	only	ADJ	notable	ADJ	 notable
The frequency is best understood as what we know as a dog whistle as the frequency is picked up by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Shortly after his return, Penfold was again summoned back to London to face an investigation by the House of	of	ADP	Commons	PROPN	 Commons
Jock and his English wife Agnes (née Hodgson) had met in 1907, when she was 16,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Utility relocation for Phase I began in mid 2008. Phase I through Tysons Corner to Reston (Wiehle Reston	Reston	PROPN	East	PROPN	 East
I think that influenced a lot in what we do today musically and ideologically. " Group members Boris Bilbraut	Bilbraut	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Within 44 Indian battalions, the " junior British officers were green, and most could not speak Hindustani.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It features cultural references to The Empire Strikes Back, Charlie's Angels, and Ms. Pac Man. The	The	DET	title	NOUN	 title
The Borg drone initially calls himself " Third of Five ", but ends up referring to and understanding himself	himself	PRON	as	ADP	 as
However, by sacrificing some speed and accuracy, Sinclair used clever algorithms to run scientific operations on a chip	chip	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" " Who Owns Football? " appeared in Sports Story Magazine in 1931, in 2012 John Dinan's	's	PART	Sports	PROPN	 Sports
The 8th Parachute Battalion was the first to reach Lembeck, which was defended by two Panzer Grenadier companies.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Cibula mentions that the " creepy / cool … sound [fits] the characteristic Kim Deal familiar / strange	strange	ADJ	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
He avoided Ravel but regularly programmed Debussy. Fauré did not feature often, although his orchestral Pavane was an	an	DET	exception	NOUN	 exception
She escorted convoys from 3 — 6 October that evacuated the 157th Rifle Division from Odessa to Sevastopol. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
This request was dismissed, with O'Connor saying the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent fulfilled	fulfilled	VERB	the	DET	 the
Sullivan described Artie as " consistently awesome ", and Slezak said it was " one of Artie ’ s	s	VERB	more	ADV	 more
Umbriel may be differentiated into a rocky core surrounded by an icy mantle. If this is the case,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Kellan Lutz as Emmett Cullen, physically the strongest vampire of the family. Nikki Reed as Rosalie Hale,	,	PUNCT	Emmett	PROPN	 Emmett
In 2004, he gave a critically acclaimed performance as the antagonist in the multi starrer Aayutha Ezhuthu and the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The Singapore Tourist and Promotion Board (STPB) proceeded with the decision to use the breed (advertised under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
McCarthy was sacked in March and replaced by caretaker manager Kevin Ball. He took Sunderland to their first home	home	NOUN	win	NOUN	 win
In early May, British troops landed at San Carlos on the western side of East Falkland, and from	from	ADP	there	ADV	 there
Metallica's recording process was new to Jason Newsted, who questioned his impact on the overall sound and the	the	DET	lack	NOUN	 lack
Leawood Pumphouse is now a working museum which still does the original job of pumping water from the Derwent to	to	ADP	Cromford	PROPN	 Cromford
The style of the tunnel bypass was to follow the same style as the Laurel Hill bypass. On November	November	PROPN	26	NUM	 26
TISM's biggest success was the 1995 album Machiavelli and the Four Seasons. The release was a shift from	from	ADP	alternative	ADJ	 alternative
For the crew of Altares, a ship capable of travelling at the speed of light, the mission to	to	ADP	Alpha	PROPN	 Alpha
Wind speeds continue to increase reaching maxima at ± 60° latitude before falling to zero at the poles.	.	PUNCT	Wind	NOUN	 Wind
Meanwhile, the democratic parliament in Prussia collapsed, and the king, Frederick William IV, introduced a new	new	ADJ	cabinet	NOUN	 cabinet
Grampa then reconciles with Homer. " The Old Man and the Key " was written by Jon Vitti and	and	CCONJ	directed	VERB	 directed
After the Civil War, Minnesota became an attractive region for European immigration and settlement as farmland. Minnesota's	's	PART	population	NOUN	 population
Georgia Tech's Evening School of Commerce began holding classes in 1912. The evening school admitted its first female	female	ADJ	student	NOUN	 student
Most drivers stayed on the race track, but some exceptions were Jamie McMurray, Jimmie Johnson, and Clint	Clint	PROPN	Bowyer	PROPN	 Bowyer
In her book, Denying the Holocaust, Lipstadt called Irving a Holocaust denier, falsifier, and bigot,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Their shape and size are remarkable. I will give the measurement of one, to indicate the form:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Grand Duke of Tuscany, Ferdinando II, wished to bury him in the main body of the Basilica	Basilica	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Wiedemann and Lammers had provided assurances that Hess would not be harmed. In August 1940, Heinrich Himmler,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The use of Mongolian in China, specifically in Inner Mongolia, has witnessed periods of decline and revival over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
In this, it is said- Ireleth did not have a parish church at this point, falling into the	the	DET	'	PUNCT	 '
Revolutionary sentiment was concentrated largely among the more educated and urban sectors of the populace. There was less support	support	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Kaneka often has political lyrics and is sung in Drehu, Paici or other Melanesian languages, or in French	French	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Another study from 2012 included 150 dental school students from the University of Athens, and the results of the	the	DET	study	NOUN	 study
The following description is based primarily on Khalkha Mongolian. In particular, the phonology section describes the Khalkha dialect	dialect	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
In addition, 分手的请书 won two awards at the 2010 Singapore Entertainment Awards and 我们 (Together) won Best	Best	PROPN	Theme	NOUN	 Theme
In his website Lineboil, Aaron Simpson compared it to Garbage Pail Kids and the works of Don Martin,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
The drawing stops at the end of John's robe, at about the point on the London panel where	where	SCONJ	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, the Nilgiri Mountain Railway and the Kalka – Shimla Railway have collectively been designated as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
US iodized salt contains 46 – 77 ppm (parts per million), whereas in the UK the iodine	iodine	NOUN	content	NOUN	 content
Along with the collectible items that are flown on shuttle missions, such as mission patches, flags, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
" A review in The Los Angeles Times stated that " With Hard Boiled, John Woo shows himself to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
' " Frederick Shedden wrote a paper putting the case for the Singapore strategy as a means of defending Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Odelay was released on June 18, 1996, to commercial success and critical acclaim. The record produced several	several	ADJ	hit	NOUN	 hit
Revere was born in Atlanta, and raised in LaGrange, Georgia, though he eventually moved to Richmond,	,	PUNCT	Kentucky	PROPN	 Kentucky
Train tickets were sold out since the semi final round, despite the addition of services to accommodate 7,000 extra	extra	ADJ	passengers	NOUN	 passengers
During the second half of the season, the team to tour Australia was announced. The selection of four	four	NUM	fast	ADJ	 fast
Due to the central location of the stadium within the city, parking space is limited, and spectators are	are	AUX	advised	VERB	 advised
In 1992 he made his first appearance on the under 21 team, playing seven times between 1992 and 1993	1993	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Red Cross reported that the storm forced 500 people to seek refuge in shelters. Also, many flights	flights	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
He ended up with more than 40 changes onscreen. Kalyan underwent a special diet and exercise to lose weight	weight	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Originally, there was going to be an entire flashback episode in which Nikki was going to be a crime	crime	NOUN	fighting	VERB	 fighting
It was the most prominent bank to plead guilty in the United States since Drexel Burnham Lambert in 1989 and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The community then gathers up in a public burning as they burn up all of Krusty's merchandise. Krusty	Krusty	PROPN	's	PART	's
The 1969 tour was a three Test series. The captains were Ray Illingworth for England and Sobers for the	the	DET	West	PROPN	 West
Max Bemis expounded upon the story of In Defense of the Genre as well as the differences between that album	album	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The A.V. Club's Keith Phipps gave the episode a B-, explaining that it " didn't quite work	work	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Grant chose to author a story featuring the Ventriloquist. However, he had been tempted to author a story	story	NOUN	featuring	VERB	 featuring
Mounir el Motassadeq, an associate of the Hamburg based hijackers, is serving 15 years in Germany for his	his	PRON	role	NOUN	 role
The South West Coast Path which starts at Minehead and follows all along the Exmoor coast before continuing to Poole	Poole	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the retrial, White testified that the six alleged robbers had saved their hair clippings to create disguises,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, after playing another seven games, for a total of 12 points in 8 games, Crosby's	's	PART	concussion	NOUN	 concussion
In 1951, a second pipeline was added, and Willow Dam was constructed, creating Willow Lake. The	The	DET	springs	NOUN	 springs
In 1788 Washington, with his personal consent, was named Master in the Virginia charter of Alexandria Lodge No	No	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
They are considered among his outwardly more virtuosic and musically less ambitious works. Sorabji's counterpoint stems from Busoni	Busoni	PROPN	's	PART	's
The ship covered an amphibious landing during the Syria – Lebanon Campaign of June 1941 and began escorting supply convoys	convoys	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Following the First World War, the Royal Air Force had an estimated 20,000 surplus aircraft or more, many	many	ADJ	still	ADV	 still
The San Francisco Bay Guardian wrote that the TVTV team had improved since their previous work but wanted them to	to	PART	move	VERB	 move
Southern Rhodesian pilots played a part in the siege of Malta during 1942. John Plagis, a Rhodesian airman	airman	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The airline was originally to be called Evergreen Airways, however this was deemed too similar to the unrelated Evergreen	Evergreen	PROPN	International	PROPN	 International
The group was reinforced through by election victories of other Independents — including Charles Frederick Palmer, John Bull's	's	PART	deputy	NOUN	 deputy
A 2007 report concluded that wood fuel exceeded hydroelectric and wind as the largest potential source of renewable energy.	.	PUNCT	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
The only region in the Greater Himalaya that has seen glacial advances is in the Karakoram Range and only in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The whole idea is that we ’ re the ones who have to wait. ” Millard has also noted	noted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Gibraltar was directly attacked, both overtly and covertly, on several occasions during the war. Vichy French aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	carried	VERB	 carried
" This scene, in the film, is one which Scott claims most people " missed " the meaning	meaning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, as both entrances will use a glass canopy cover independent of any Hudson Yards structures, the 3	3	NUM	Hudson	PROPN	 Hudson
One indirect death occurred when a man suffered a heart attack in Lake Worth while installing storm shutters. At	At	ADP	least	ADV	 least
The scene in which Jim and Pam discover the pregnancy includes no dialogue, and is a homage to a	a	DET	similar	ADJ	 similar
The three men began discussing the sandwich, and Presley decided he wanted one right then. Presley had been	been	AUX	to	ADP	 to
227Ac decays mainly as a beta emitter with a very small energy, but in 1.38% of cases it	it	PRON	emits	VERB	 emits
Afterward, he moved to Jackson, Mississippi where he began his legal career. From 1838 to 1839,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The episode was written by Jonathan Collier, who is a huge boxing fan. Knowing that the people on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
When he first got the role, St. John's hair resembled Howarth's shorter shoulder length haircut, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
With the Series tied at 2 to 2, Koufax pitched a complete game shutout in Game 5 for a	a	DET	3	NUM	 3
In 1908, he pitched a perfect game during a tight pennant race that saw Cleveland finish a half game	game	NOUN	out	ADP	 out
It is widely used in commercial ionization chamber smoke detectors, as well as in neutron sources and industrial gauges	gauges	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In this port, players race against five other vehicles instead of three, but players must still place in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
His interest in film direction kindled after watching Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction (1994), and Krzysztof Kieślowski	Kieślowski	PROPN	's	PART	's
Along Chiswick, despite a higher stroke rate, Cambridge failed to move ahead and showed signs of tiredness,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The full album track list was released on April 13, 2014, featuring songs from artists including M83,	,	PUNCT	Grouplove	PROPN	 Grouplove
It includes the six stages of changes (Aiyar translates this to " existence, birth, growth, transformation	transformation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is uncertain whether they represent the site of a former breeding colony, or are the result of a	a	DET	seabird	NOUN	 seabird
Kawada also performed the opening and ending themes to the original video animation series Shakugan no Shana S. The opening	opening	NOUN	theme	NOUN	 theme
Infuriated at Tony's interference in his life, he gives heroin to his drug addicted brother Remi and tells	tells	VERB	him	PRON	 him
John Fletcher, Wesley's designated successor, called Christian perfection a " baptism in the Holy Spirit ".	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
She participated in the celebration of the 400th anniversary of the discovery of America in New York City in 1892	1892	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
It is worthy of emphasis that this claim arose when George Washington was the President of the United States.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to Maddicott, the provisions had been at the centre of Montfort's opposition over the last six years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As some municipalities were created at this time by merging smaller communities, this led in some cases to arms	arms	NOUN	consisting	VERB	 consisting
She uses those memories to track down a Vulcan serial killer on the station. Ezri takes a Runabout to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 17, 2009. The series follows the adventures	adventures	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Stanford changed several position coaches and its defensive strategy in the offseason, and though the Cardinal returned 17 of	of	ADP	24	NUM	 24
The park is next to the Otis Redding Memorial Bridge, which crosses the Ocmulgee River. The Otis Redding	Redding	VERB	Memorial	PROPN	 Memorial
He was also fed up with his family home in Queen Square, deciding to obtain a new house in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
Non nucleosidic phosphoramidites are used to introduce desired groups that are not available in natural nucleosides or that can be	be	AUX	introduced	VERB	 introduced
More recent scholarship pursuing this vein has made the frieze a site of ideological tension between the elite and the	the	DET	demos	NOUN	 demos
One of the earliest mantis references is in the ancient Chinese dictionary Erya, which gives its attributes in poetry	poetry	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She later recalled that when Szilárd mentioned extremely powerful bombs, she " was sure she was working for a	a	DET	nut	NOUN	 nut
That no reasonable person would put faith in it. " In 2007, Gingrich authored a book, Rediscovering	Rediscovering	VERB	God	PROPN	 God
North to south, Webb, Moran, Paintbrush, Cascade, Death and Granite Canyons slice through Teton Range	Range	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He began acting in plays while working in the Bangalore Transport Service as a bus conductor. In 1973,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The breed was developed in the Highlands and Western Isles of Scotland from two types of now extinct cattle,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
In 1988 the restoration of Woolhampton Lock was completed, but obstructions remained on either side. Frounds swing bridge	bridge	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
This was a crime punishable by death since the United States was at war. Even if the men were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
" Smythe disagreed that a new flag would help to unify the country. Smythe switched his support to John	John	PROPN	Diefenbaker	PROPN	 Diefenbaker
Caspar David was familiar with death from an early age. His mother, Sophie Dorothea Bechly, died in	in	ADP	1781	NUM	 1781
Casualties within the First Canadian and Second British Army are placed at 83,045: 15,995 killed, 57,996 wounded,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In September 1942, the S 1 Executive Committee recommended that a five tank pilot plant be built along with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although the title is adapted from Ian Fleming's short story " From a View to a Kill ",	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
These activities came to be performed outside the City walls in the near suburbs of the East End. Later	Later	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
The video notably ended stating " coming never ", indicating that the trailer was in fact never going to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Robin climbs through Sunny's bedroom window and takes a photo of her. He locks Zeke in Pirate Net	Net	PROPN	's	PART	's
Through education provided by high quality Catholic and Protestant schools, these youth are much more likely to convert to	to	ADP	Christianity	PROPN	 Christianity
Polonium X rays emitted as a result of the electron capture branch, in the range of 77 – 92	92	NUM	keV	NOUN	 keV
As Kehoe left his burning farm and house in his Ford truck, he stopped to tell those fighting the	the	DET	fire	NOUN	 fire
Reviewers of The Games Machine pointed out that the " most remarkable feature of the ST version is its crystal	crystal	NOUN	clear	ADJ	 clear
The lesser kudu is a spiral horned antelope. The head and body length is typically between 110 and 140	140	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
Company director José María González said that the company had received no such calls, and thought that callers might	might	AUX	have	AUX	 have
The U.S. Third Fleet raided the South China Sea between 10 and 20 January in search of the Japanese fleet	fleet	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" For a complete list, see Stargate production discography The following singles peaked inside the top ten on the	the	DET	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
The building also hosted the 2009 University Athletic Association Women's Volleyball Championship. The Myers McLoraine Swimming Pool was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Davis had offered to nominate Eichelberger for a place at the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth.	.	PUNCT	Eichelberger	PROPN	 Eichelberger
President Abraham Lincoln signed the Compensated Emancipation Act in 1862, which ended slavery in the District of Columbia and	and	CCONJ	freed	VERB	 freed
The collection by whalers came to a halt eventually through a combination of the scarcity of tortoises that they had	had	AUX	created	VERB	 created
The Chicago Tribune editorialized calling Stone " silly " and the guardrail a " senseless idea... just an insipid	insipid	ADJ	ploy	NOUN	 ploy
In September 2012 it was announced that Daniel Craig had signed to the role of Bond for the following two	two	NUM	films	NOUN	 films
No details of the original roof construction are known, however, and the restoration is conjectural. Large windows	windows	NOUN	light	VERB	 light
Sediments of certain abyssal plains contain abundant mineral resources, notably polymetallic nodules. These potato sized concretions of manganese	manganese	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Tarantara! It is not surprising, given the focus of Gilbert on politics, that politicians and political observers	observers	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The U boat returned to action in June and patrolled off Montenegro, Durazzo, and Cattaro for the next	next	ADJ	five	NUM	 five
In a 1996 interview, Fanning described Parables for Wooden Ears as " big and presumptuous ", and stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Amara was the first named storm in the southwest Indian Ocean during the later half of 2013, and developed	developed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In the course of his study of Shakespeare, Hazlitt, as Kinnaird points out, also shows how it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The origins of both the US 40 and US 6 pre date the U.S. System of numbered highways, using	using	VERB	established	VERB	 established
After capturing the radar and other installations, the assault group dismantled the equipment then withdrew towards the beach.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Despite being acquitted, all were permanently banned from Major League Baseball. Baseball's popularity increased in the 1920s	1920s	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
It was not until De Gendt's Vacansoleil – DCM team mate Gustav Larsson – the Swedish national champion in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The partnership was the highest ever in Test cricket at the time and as of 2009 is still the highest	highest	ADJ	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
By the end of 1872, the maps had established the format it would use until the introduction of frontal	frontal	ADJ	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
Seropian partnered with his Artificial Intelligence classmate Jason Jones to publish Jones's nearly complete Minotaur: The Labyrinths of	of	ADP	Crete	PROPN	 Crete
McCord would later be directly employed by CRP from January 1972. Caulfield also sent Ulasewicz to the campaign offices	offices	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The hind wings are longer than the elytra, folded longitudinally and transversely under the elytra. The wing is	is	AUX	rotated	VERB	 rotated
Olsen also said the film failed to provide the " giddiness ", " teenage lust ", and "	"	PUNCT	rambunctiousness	NOUN	 rambunctiousness
Consecutive hours of rainfall resulted in the overflow of some rivers, although no significant damage was reported to adjacent	adjacent	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Burns was incredulous that Emma and Carl had not yet consummated their four month old marriage, and criticized their	their	PRON	going	VERB	 going
In November 1987, during the same expedition that resulted in the formal description of the species, two males	males	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
When Terl returns, he orders more gold to be extracted, and tells how in the 21st century the	the	DET	Psychlos	PROPN	 Psychlos
The two teams, then known as Millwall Athletic and Thames Ironworks, both originated in the East End of	of	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
There has been some confusion over the colouration of the broad billed parrot. The report of van Neck's	's	PART	1598	NUM	 1598
Supported by UN troops, Léopoldville defeated the secessionist movements in Katanga and South Kasai by the start of 1963	1963	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" But in March 2012 Hawkes was reported as stating that it had suited both him (and indirectly his	his	PRON	investors	NOUN	 investors
In the aftermath of the hurricane, president George W. Bush declared 13 counties – Bay, Calhoun, Escambia	Escambia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Katz concludes that current regulations support targeted killing because existing law does not consider his argument and justifies the tactical	tactical	ADJ	elimination	NOUN	 elimination
In January 2012, he released the album Ringo 2012. Later that year, Starr announced that his All	All	DET	Starr	PROPN	 Starr
The plates would naturally sag to the sides of the Stegosaurus, the length of the plates reflecting the width	width	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The thing was, we owed the record company an album and they were pushing us, so here it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The programme was criticised because it was filmed on an artificial landfill and for its choice of " fame hungry	hungry	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
At various times from its construction around 1825 until 1911, the Wirgman Building served as the location for every	every	DET	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
They were suspicious of the intentions of Saavedra, and believed that with Castelli alone in the Junta, little	little	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
The reported stable isothiazole carbene (2) derived from an isothiazolium perchlorate (1) was questioned, who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
They were: to operate and maintain an air transportation system, to provide different types of services (such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The Price family buried Nellie Price Kehoe in Lansing's Mount Hope Cemetery under her maiden name. Vehicles from	from	ADP	outlying	ADJ	 outlying
Unlike most F Zero games, there are three iterations of Mute City that shows it in either a day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tali has received a positive critical response. Writing for UGO, Evan Saathoff listed Tali as his fourth best	best	ADJ	video	NOUN	 video
He was married in Kashmir the month prior to the murder and had a son. He was educated at	at	ADP	Bretton	PROPN	 Bretton
In this action, Sergeant First Class Charles W. Turner of the Reconnaissance Company particularly distinguished himself. He mounted	mounted	VERB	a	DET	 a
Homer Davenport's cartoons for the Hearst papers were especially effective in molding public opinion about Hanna, who was	was	AUX	often	ADV	 often
On 4 October 2013, Bresciano was suspended for four months and fined €1,377,000 after the manner in which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
However, writing in 2011, Moshenska and Schadla Hall asserted that Wheeler's reputation has not undergone significant revision	revision	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
According to Steven E. Owlett, environmental lawyer and author, shipbuilders considered pine from Pine Creek the " best	best	ADJ	timber	NOUN	 timber
Keeping Rogers as Amanda was not a problem, since she was not an actress that the companies fought over	over	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Commenting at the release of the second season, Cynthia Fuchs from PopMatters said the first season of Dark Angel	Angel	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Some German troops on the ridge were convinced of the mine danger and their morale was depressed further by the	the	DET	statement	NOUN	 statement
Despite Stevens's protests, the lame duck Buchanan administration did little in response to the secession votes, allowing	allowing	VERB	most	ADJ	 most
As technology improved, measurement of depth, latitude and longitude became more precise and it became possible to collect	collect	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
The government of President Tsirananana fell into disfavor and was overturned in 1972, and Rakoto Frah's close association	association	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Knights of the Nine's quest begins as the player approaches the Chapel of Dibella in Anvil. The Chapel	Chapel	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" Coincidence or not ", wrote the Evening Post, " when Friday left, so did half a	a	DET	dozen	NOUN	 dozen
He eventually relented, and Moore sailed from Scapa Flow on 21 April to attack Kaafjord again. This raid	raid	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After a one and half month prolonged stay at the hospital, Poonam and Prem are traditionally married and go	go	VERB	home	ADV	 home
Wang " was fighting for survival ", while Li had to capture Luoyang to " cement his hold over	over	ADP	Henan	PROPN	 Henan
Denmark: Public service channel DR3 and Kanal 5 air 30 Rock. France: Canal +, Direct Star	Star	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Montgomery commented on how simple the song's video was but noted that wasn't a negative, he commented	commented	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Drawing on US wartime records, an expedition to the South China Sea in 1982 produced some results, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
While studies show there is a modest epidemiological benefit to circumcision, critics argue that the number of circumcisions that	that	PRON	would	AUX	 would
After the flames were extinguished, the Shanghai Municipal Government held a press conference about the damage caused by the	the	DET	fire	NOUN	 fire
Shuichi's older sister Maho becomes a model and eventually becomes friends with Maiko, a teen model whom she	she	PRON	idolizes	VERB	 idolizes
In 2009, NASA engineered a new treadmill for the International Space Station. It was brought to the ISS	ISS	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The Prana (breath, vital air) of the body is dispersed within and outside the body. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Although still open these schools have since changed their names to Altrincham Grammar School for Girls, Altrincham Grammar School	School	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
This was followed on April 4, 1968, by Apollo 6 (AS 502) which carried a CSM	CSM	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A powerful middle order batsman and right arm leg spin bowler, White made his first class cricket debut as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The colour of Seychellum is described as " jaune noirâtre, qui devient franchement marron dans la moitié antérieure de	de	X	la	PRON	 la
In the final nine games, he had seven sacks, the sixth most in that stretch. Young,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
She pulled further ahead of runners ups Beyonce and Rihanna, who had 22 number one songs each at that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
" Phipps, who gave the episode a B + grade, said the " rundown " subplot between Jim	Jim	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The series explores many science fiction staples such as time travel paradoxes (including the grandfather paradox), the	the	DET	question	NOUN	 question
The game is a retelling of the storyline of the events leading up to Mortal Kombat II, and features	features	VERB	the	DET	 the
Tom Congdon, however, sensed that the novel had prospects and had it sent out to The Book of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In general, it's very difficult to solve the Hartree – Fock equation. Only the free electron gas	gas	NOUN	case	NOUN	 case
John's son, Charles Manning, took over the house in 1834 and continued to develop it. Among	Among	ADP	the	DET	 the
Training Check Airman Captain Dennis E. Fitch, 46, was hired by United Airlines on January 2, 1968	1968	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Rain " was released as the fifth single from Erotica on August 5, 1993. The song served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Grundy's biographer, John Roderick Heller, admits that this was possible, although no evidence exists to confirm	confirm	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Regarded by his peers as ambitious, vain and impulsive, he was known mainly for heavily drinking in Saigon	Saigon	PROPN	's	PART	's
Also on Trinidad, the system produced widespread flooding, which resulted in some crop damage. Puerto Rico experienced	experienced	VERB	peripheral	ADJ	 peripheral
To Whedon the miniseries was " a project of love ", an accomplishment that from their excitement would be	be	AUX	embellished	VERB	 embellished
Most scholars believe Cave 4 was created in the mid 7th century, but some place its creation in the	the	DET	8th	ADJ	 8th
The face of French far right politician Marine Le Pen appeared on the screen with a swastika superimposed on her	her	PRON	forehead	NOUN	 forehead
That evening, as Charlotte tests Daniel's memory using playing cards (Daniel successfully remembers two out of three	three	NUM	cards	NOUN	 cards
Coast Guard Lt. Commander Jay Crowe, an exchange pilot on assignment to the 37th ARRS at Da Nang	Nang	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Further northeast, Caroline intersects Simonton Street to a less commercial degree than Duval. Another block of shaded residences	residences	NOUN	follows	VERB	 follows
Later, en route to the monolith, Floyd engages in trite exchanges with his staff while a spectacular journey	journey	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Jenkins draws McKay's attention to a vital energy line on the ship, and realizing that the destruction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chew Magna is the business centre with a range of shops, banks etc. Other villages have local shops	shops	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Then New South Wales Premier Morris Iemma said that while he was a fan of the show, those involved	involved	VERB	would	AUX	 would
A total of 3,321 people were injured, 185 of them seriously. By the day after Rananim moved ashore	ashore	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The National Science Foundation awarded the Florida State University the right in 1990 to host the new National High Magnetic	Magnetic	PROPN	Field	PROPN	 Field
The Women's Boat Race is a side by side rowing competition between eights from Oxford University Women's Boat	Boat	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
The head of the CDICMC is customarily also deputy chief of the General Political Department, and (since the	the	DET	16th	ADJ	 16th
As Azim ush Shan's entire army charged Khan, he fled the battle. Khan was followed by Jai	Jai	PROPN	Singh	PROPN	 Singh
" Finally, the Chief Justice distinguished this case from Dames & Moore. The actions of the president that	that	PRON	Dames	PROPN	 Dames
Rumour linked him with a drive at Lotus, the team run by Colin Chapman, who had been keeping	keeping	VERB	an	DET	 an
The Kih Oskh symbol was described by Hergé as a distortion of the Taoist symbol of the Taijitu, with	with	ADP	biographer	NOUN	 biographer
Pork fat was used more often in the southern colonies than the northern colonies as the Spanish introduced pigs earlier	earlier	ADV	to	ADP	 to
For a down payment of $2,000 and a mortgage of $8,763, the church purchased land in Falmouth	Falmouth	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
In September 1774, by Pitt's India Act, passed by the Parliament of Great Britain to unify and	and	CCONJ	regulate	VERB	 regulate
The full Italian name of the breed is Cavallo Agricolo Italiano da Tiro Pesante Rapido, " Italian Rapid Heavy	Heavy	PROPN	Draft	PROPN	 Draft
" Entertainment Weekly's Beth Johnson noted the singer " sounds remarkably like the Backstreet Boys ' kid sister "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
American ichthyologist David Starr Jordan described the goblin shark in an 1898 issue of Proceedings of the California Academy of	of	ADP	Sciences	PROPN	 Sciences
" Don S. Davis (General Hammond) noted during the filming of season 6 that " Corin is a	a	PRON	wonderful	ADJ	 wonderful
In November 2014, the sequel was given the green light by 20th Century Fox, with a release date	date	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Producer Steven Spielberg had initially developed the film for TriStar Pictures with directors Mikael Salomon and Robert Rodriguez, before	before	SCONJ	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
Arabs not believing in the event of Shoah intend to express strong objection to the portrayal of the Jews as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
This caused a rift between Cope, Hayden, and Leidy. It was Leidy who had enjoyed receiving many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Phillipps married Ellen Robinson, daughter of Western Australia's Attorney General, at St Mary Abbots in Kensington,	,	PUNCT	London	PROPN	 London
Synthetic forms of tomato systemin, with substituted amino acids at the predicted dibasic cleavage site, remained stable in	in	ADP	cell	NOUN	 cell
This was the way I wanted to make ' Who's That Chick? ' available to the world,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He was to serve as the running backs coach for the team in the league that planned to begin play	play	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They were of 933 67 ⁄ 94 tons (bm). Emerald's initial build was completed at Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Pitcher	PROPN	 Pitcher
The family left Saint John to return to London in December 1791. In July 1792, Arnold fought a	a	DET	bloodless	ADJ	 bloodless
The AGS's barrels will be water cooled, and will be capable of firing 10 rounds per minute,	,	PUNCT	per	ADP	 per
He proposed that everyone be given the opportunity to prepare and distribute papers to all participants in advance of the	the	DET	conference	NOUN	 conference
He insisted that these must be overcome, writing that " The Will must be freed of its fetters.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
More recent studies have shown that these extinct species had a diet similar to that of modern ruffed lemurs,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
T.I. has one verse in the song, that is found after Carey's second chorus, prior to the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Other critics claim Finkelstein's evidence is highly selective and / or dubious and that his arguments would be based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It was implemented as a Google Summer of Code 2009 project. DragonFly BSD supports Amiga style resident applications feature	feature	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
At the scene of Hoese's disappearance, Scully finds three bullet casings, indicating that the deputy fired his	his	PRON	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
The motorway spans 97.0 kilometres (60.3 mi) between the Goričan border crossing to Hungary and Zagreb – Ivanja	Ivanja	PROPN	Reka	PROPN	 Reka
The berries are green when young, and mature to a purple black colour over about 18 months in most	most	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
As in other Sahelian countries, literature in Chad has seen an economic, political and spiritual drought that has	has	AUX	affected	VERB	 affected
Paul made landfall over Baja California Sur on September 29, and subsequently moved ashore in Sinaloa, Mexico the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Tickets for the festival sold out. The full line up was released on 25 May 2009 and included headliners	headliners	NOUN	Blur	PROPN	 Blur
The construction workers poured concrete over the corpse, unwittingly destroying the evidence. When Monk and Sharona's flight	flight	NOUN	lands	NOUN	 lands
Cloud Gate is described as a transformative, iconic work. It is similar to many of Kapoor's previous	previous	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
British actress Diana Dors had a mink bikini made for her during the 1955 Venice Film Festival and wore it	it	PRON	riding	VERB	 riding
The task was completed by a number of Waterway Recovery Group workcamps. New gates were fitted to the top	top	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
Wenatchee Avenue crosses the Wenatchee River into Sunnyslope and becomes a freeway, intersecting Penny Road and Easy Street in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Most of what happens in Perl's compile phase is compilation, and most of what happens in Perl's	's	PART	run	ADJ	 run
Another decree addressed to Senedjemib Inti and later inscribed on the walls of his mastaba records the decoration of a	a	DET	chapel	NOUN	 chapel
The project involves 13 architectural firms and the environmental organization Global Green USA, with several of the firms donating	donating	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The first race in 1973 was 3 miles long and was expanded to 3.14 miles after 1975 — hence the	the	DET	Pi	PROPN	 Pi
The race was umpired by Joseph William Chitty who had rowed for Oxford twice in 1849 (in the March	March	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" While not commercially released, " Underneath the Stars " has been lauded with a widespread acclaim, becoming	becoming	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Upon reuniting the team began competing in matching shorts and vests as well as wearing theatrical masks to the ring	ring	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite the creation of the new archdiocese, Jaenberht retained his position as the senior cleric in the land,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The Khitan script, from the Chinese family of scripts, formed the basis of a national writing system for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Detailed structural analysis of the ROSE RNA thermometer revealed that the mismatched bases are actually engaged in nonstandard basepairing that	that	PRON	preserves	VERB	 preserves
Garfield's Ohio delegation chose Chester A. Arthur, a Stalwart, as Garfield's vice presidential running mate.	.	PUNCT	Arthur	PROPN	 Arthur
At Carnarvon, it meets with Highway 118. Heading northward into increasingly mountainous terrain, the highway crosses into	into	ADP	Muskoka	PROPN	 Muskoka
The attack, launched at midday in an attempt to surprise the Germans, proved a relative failure; although	although	SCONJ	some	DET	 some
Looking back on it, I might have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do	do	VERB	was	AUX	 was
" Black Hawk's own account, though he was not present at the battle's second day, termed	termed	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was released on March 29, 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The	The	DET	pack	NOUN	 pack
Every year, WSDOT conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume,	,	PUNCT	expressed	VERB	 expressed
Several shows were recorded, and they produced some of Hendrix's most memorable live performances. At one of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
Coolidge later declared Bloch the winner. Reporters speculated that " Rebecca Clarke " was only a pseudonym for Bloch	Bloch	PROPN	himself	PRON	 himself
By 1910, most glacial acetic acid was obtained from the pyroligneous liquor, a product of the distillation of	of	ADP	wood	NOUN	 wood
Their presence, which will not be extended longer than is absolutely necessary, will not be a burden upon	upon	SCONJ	you	PRON	 you
They fired 3 inch (76 mm), 12.5 lb projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 2,548 ft /	/	SYM	s	PROPN	 s
Several days before Isabel made landfall, there existed uncertainty in where the hurricane would strike. At least one	one	NUM	computer	NOUN	 computer
" In the late 1450s, only a few years before he died, he added a provision to the	the	DET	hospital	NOUN	 hospital
When her son died, he was pledging for the fraternity where George is president. Gwen tampered with the	the	DET	staple	ADJ	 staple
However, section 3 of the UK Habeas Corpus Act 1816 broadened the court's power by entitling it to	to	PART	examine	VERB	 examine
According to Beeman, the episode would start very calm and then begin to build upon itself. As he	he	PRON	explains	VERB	 explains
Yoshida was given the role of screenwriter in order to appeal to the female fanbase the series has always had	had	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
" An American Daughter became one of Wasserstein's most ambitious works, and also her most political. Mary	Mary	PROPN	Romero	PROPN	 Romero
Examples of his acoustic guitar playing on Beatles tracks include " Yesterday ", " I'm Looking Through You	You	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Some of the considered Fatalities were rejected as too extreme at the time. Care was taken during the programming	programming	NOUN	process	NOUN	 process
The central universities are the University of Hyderabad, Maulana Azad National Urdu University and the English and Foreign Languages	Languages	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
The rate of fire was one round every five minutes, but the loading machinery would not work if the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
The program was headed by major Félix Verdeja Bardales and led to the development of four prototype vehicles, including	including	VERB	a	DET	 a
Tension headaches typically occur on both sides, are not pounding, and are less disabling. Those with stable	stable	ADJ	headaches	NOUN	 headaches
" On February 24, 2011, the Senate, which was thought to be the biggest obstacle to passage	passage	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Daily Mail praised the moral point the film was attempting to raise as well as the acting abilities of	of	ADP	Patrick	PROPN	 Patrick
StarCraft, released for Windows on March 31, 1998, is the first video game in the StarCraft series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Although his surgical prowess was not questioned, his approach to practice was considered pretentious by a segment of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
His first work for the BBC in eight years prompted them to approach him with additional concepts for period dramas	dramas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nixon advocated a " New Federalism ", which would devolve power to state and local elected officials, though	though	SCONJ	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
Skin reactions vary greatly in their clinical presentation and may include bruising, erythema, pain, pruritus, irritation	irritation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The chronicle credits Domnall with an oppressive three year reign that ended when the leading Islesmen revolted against him,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Attempts have been made to determine a relationship between these orbital distances (for example, the Titius – Bode	Bode	PROPN	law	NOUN	 law
During an interview on Fox Business, Yankovic explained his method of funding to Stuart Varney, who seemed to	to	PART	misunderstand	VERB	 misunderstand
Only he seems to have found some similarly unreconstructed creepy friends shouting words of encouragement to his clunky chat up	up	ADP	lines	NOUN	 lines
Outside of the United States, " Used to Love You " was less successful, peaking in only four	four	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
Since larger animals have longer digestive systems, food is kept in digestion for significantly longer periods of time,	,	PUNCT	allowing	VERB	 allowing
" What Makes You Beautiful " sold more than 131,000 copies in its first week, even though it had	had	VERB	yet	ADV	 yet
When Mulder refuses to hand it over, the two grapple to a stalemate. Scully finds other identical "	"	PUNCT	Jeremiah	PROPN	 Jeremiah
The design was officially retired in 2000, when the Sacagawea dollar entered production. As few Susan B. Anthony	Anthony	PROPN	dollars	NOUN	 dollars
The Air Force also includes a single independent flight (No. 5 Flight). The ground units supporting	supporting	VERB	these	DET	 these
Geoffrey Beene, who stopped inviting Wintour to shows after she stopped writing about him, called her " a	a	DET	boss	NOUN	 boss
Britain withdrew the last of its Tornados from Iraq in June 2009. In early 2009, several GR4s arrived	arrived	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In January 2016, Reinfeldt was awarded H. M. The King's Medal, 12th size with chain, for	for	ADP	extraordinary	ADJ	 extraordinary
" It Only Hurts When I'm Breathing " received mixed reviews from music critics. Commercially, the single	single	ADJ	performed	VERB	 performed
Owen had not indicated a holotype. In 1888, Richard Lydekker while cataloguing the BMNH fossils, designated some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Most Italians, however, preferred more traditional pieces and established standards, and only a small audience sought new	new	ADJ	styles	NOUN	 styles
The phylogenetic relationships of crocodilians has been the subject of debate and conflicting results. Many studies and their resulting	resulting	VERB	cladograms	NOUN	 cladograms
The ship was part of a squadron that escorted the royal yacht HMY Victoria and Albert II to Dublin in	in	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
Stress fractures and tendon avulsions occurring in the forelimb have special behavioral significance since while injuries to the feet could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Late Medieval Scottish churches also often contained elaborate burial monuments, like the Douglas tombs in the town of Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Remarkably, Maurice Richard became the first player to score 50 goals in a season in 1944 – 45.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The next year Vanderbilt fought Michigan to a scoreless tie at the inaugural game on Dudley Field, the first	first	ADJ	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
König, Grosser Kurfürst, Markgraf, and Kronprinz each had a standard crew of 41 officers and 1095 enlisted	enlisted	ADJ	men	NOUN	 men
Mumbai has a zoo named Jijamata Udyaan (formerly Victoria Gardens), which also harbours a garden. The	The	DET	rich	ADJ	 rich
Universal Music, the record company which owns Polydor, were releasing all singles under this format at the time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Author Chris Nickson wrote that " ' Breakdown ' showed Mariah treading forcefully into territory that was new for her	her	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
His exposure to World War I, serving in the Army then, focused his mind on issues of war	war	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Python provides the bisect module. Ruby's Array class includes a bsearch method with built in approximate matching.	.	PUNCT	Go	VERB	 Go
British Library MS Cotton Domitian A.xv, known as the B manuscript, dates from the late 13th or early	early	ADJ	14th	ADJ	 14th
Famously called the King of Pop, his contributions to music, dance and fashion along with his publicized personal	personal	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
The Christian sacrament or ordinance of the Eucharist is based on these events. Although the Gospel of John does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
SR 18 intersects Southeast 231st Street in a diamond interchange located north of Maple Valley, providing a connection to	to	ADP	SR	PROPN	 SR
Conversely, Doppler effect redshifts (z> 0) are associated with objects receding (moving away) from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Fourth Gospel contains no account of the Nativity of Jesus, unlike Matthew and Luke, and his mother	mother	NOUN	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
Folded horn type subwoofers can typically produce a deeper range with greater efficiency than the same driver in an enclosure	enclosure	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
A second, competing view was that the Indians possessed only a possessory right of occupancy, not fee simple	simple	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Holding the title with his brother The Beast, Burke held the championship for less than one month before dropping	dropping	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Critiquing his discussion of the Fore people of New Guinea as being littered with inaccuracies, she draws comparisons between	between	ADP	cannibalism	NOUN	 cannibalism
Following Crosby's Olympic gold medal victory with Canada in 2010, it was announced that his stick and glove	glove	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Political maneuvering continues to impede CERP: sugar lobbyists promoted a bill in the Florida legislature in 2003 that increased	increased	VERB	the	DET	 the
Michael Farquhar, a former writer and editor at The Washington Post, called Pike a " blustering blowhard,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
He was fluent in several languages, including Scottish Gaelic, and transcribed the legends precisely as dictated by the	the	DET	narrators	NOUN	 narrators
A final remix was created after Diddy highlighted his intent to find a UK emcee to record a new version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the beginning of June, all parties had agreed terms, but the financial situation at AZ and a	a	DET	change	NOUN	 change
Ian Paice had this to say about success in the US versus the lack of it back home: We	We	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Brown first drew inspiration from the final scene of Cauldron: the witch's fight against the Pumpking, which	which	PRON	bounced	VERB	 bounced
The evolution of classification was confused by including many unknown or garden varieties, until Baker (1875) made	made	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Although opposed to Bodyline tactics in Australia, Allen often bowled short to intimidate batsmen in county cricket —	—	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The game is a standard action adventure game, played from a top down perspective. The player takes on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Immediately after this transition, the Southfield Freeway, as M 39 is now called, has an interchange with	with	ADP	I	PRON	 I
In favor of this hypothesis is the tendency of most insects, when startled while climbing on branches, to	to	PART	escape	VERB	 escape
The sixth installment in the Halo series, Reach was released worldwide in September 2010. The game takes place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He said he had intended to rob the Americans who had traveled with him from San Antonio, but the	the	DET	Mexican	PROPN	 Mexican
Finding himself in an awkward situation because he held no official status in either the Brazilian Imperial House or in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A text called " Tirthavali Gatha ", attributed to Namdev or Dnyaneshwar but possibly a collection of writings of	of	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Gabriel appeared on Bush's 1979 television special, where they sang a duet of Roy Harper's " Another	Another	DET	Day	PROPN	 Day
India took the series 5 – 1, Harbhajan taking 3 / 30 in their only loss. Harbhajan was	was	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
Some observers have speculated that if the participants were Falun Gong practitioners, they may have resorted to self immolation	immolation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Aflaq moved to Baghdad following his reelection to the Secretary Generalship in February 1968. He stayed there until 1970	1970	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Chris Owens who portrayed the Young Smoking Man spent time watching how Davis smokes to ensure that he did it	it	PRON	just	ADV	 just
Hu Jintao, the former CPC General Secretary of the Central Committee, personally congratulated Nguyen Van Son, the	the	DET	Chairman	PROPN	 Chairman
The Soviet invasion made a decision on ending the war extremely time sensitive. These " twin shocks " —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Another painting, The Storm on the Sea of Galilee, is Rembrandt's only known seascape. The bronze	bronze	NOUN	finial	NOUN	 finial
Monomane is sometimes contrasted with yūgen, although the two represent endpoints of a continuum rather than being completely separate	separate	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Holocene remains from North Africa suggest that the species may have been more widespread when the climate was wetter in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
No. 37 Squadron was disbanded in February 1948 and No. 386 Squadron in March 1949. On 22	22	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
This is a rule of nature. I think if I had left my country, I would be the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Further downstream in the valley between Manchones and Morero, birdlife includes goshawks, eagles, orioles, robins,	,	PUNCT	finches	NOUN	 finches
Though the fighting was over, the men still wore life jackets for the first three days at sea amidst	amidst	ADP	fears	NOUN	 fears
His only other credits were minimal, and the other projects he worked on were not produced. " When	When	SCONJ	Wodehouse	PROPN	 Wodehouse
At the end of 1930, a solution was announced in a bill for the formation of the London Passenger	Passenger	PROPN	Transport	PROPN	 Transport
Aditya wanted to make a wholesome film that people could watch repeatedly. He wanted to diverge from the typical	typical	ADJ	plot	NOUN	 plot
I think it's really fun and kept changing the look, " she said. Cyrus ' make up	up	ADP	artist	NOUN	 artist
After serving as the governor of Oregon, Goldschmidt is widely considered the most influential figure in the state's	's	PART	politics	NOUN	 politics
All four bodies were dumped at sea. The five uninjured men were held at Grini concentration camp until 18	18	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
The Navy was also able to lease and sell 34 acres (14 ha) of Ford Island as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The film breaks precedent by developing into an interracial love story, but his army ends in ruins. Yen	Yen	NOUN	kills	VERB	 kills
Intended to boost American syndication sales, The Amazing Adventures of Joe 90 is one of a number of composite	composite	ADJ	films	NOUN	 films
In the Welsh language Ymerodraeth means " empire ". " Newport (Ymerodraeth State of Mind) " was	was	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
Lindblom's own humor and office in jokes worked their way into the script alongside cultural allusions to Bugs Bunny	Bunny	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Arsenal were forced to make a substitution around the hour mark after Sammy Nelson collided with McDermott and was concussed	concussed	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Although the episode was fictionally set in Seattle, Washington, filming primarily took place in Los Angeles, California	California	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Neither teams finished the race, but the Soviets were hospitalised. The cycling officials decided that the bruised Germans	Germans	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
Ann Hulbert of Slate magazine believed that Juno " [undercut] both pro life and pro choice purism.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Following an extensive multi year restoration, Queen Elizabeth II re dedicated the monument on 9 April 2007 at a	a	DET	ceremony	NOUN	 ceremony
Hesketh Fleetwood married twice and had several children, most of whom died in infancy. His new town flourished	flourished	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Boycott and Denness did not get on well, and at the end of the tour they clashed over Boycott	Boycott	PROPN	's	PART	's
Pintel and Ragetti were originally supposed to make an appearance, but director Rob Marshall opted out of the idea	idea	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
The warriors then moved out and began to surround Harrison's army looking for a way to sneak into the	the	DET	camp	NOUN	 camp
The company spent two years deciding whether to renovate its current building or to move to cheaper, more modern	modern	ADJ	space	NOUN	 space
Shakira's official website also posted various trailers of the DVD and previews of some performances, such as that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Skinner suspends Scully and Mulder for four weeks because of the mix up. Sixteen months later, O'Fallon kills	kills	VERB	Micah	PROPN	 Micah
In New Zealand itself, 8,573 deaths were attributed to the 1918 pandemic influenza, resulting in a total population	population	NOUN	fatality	NOUN	 fatality
The evacuation of the X Corps from the port of Hungnam marked the complete withdrawal of UN troops from North	North	PROPN	Korea	PROPN	 Korea
Through patronage positions and the hosting of visiting state officials, Howe and Roosevelt also began to build a national	national	ADJ	network	NOUN	 network
At this time, Greek philosopher Strabo spoke of a tent dwelling tribe called the " Emesani " living in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the Yankees ' 1917 season, New York finished in sixth; Bill Donovan, the club's manager	manager	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
The first match that aired was between Kane and Finlay. Kane controlled the opening minutes of the match,	,	PUNCT	performing	VERB	 performing
With a capacity of 13,100 cubic feet per second (370 m3 / s), it is one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Parseghian later said that despite not playing, watching Brown's methodical and strict coaching methods – and the ease	ease	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The division was merely pragmatic: the Empire was called " indivisible " in official panegyric, and both emperors	emperors	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
In Arab world, Hezbollah is generally seen either as a destabilizing force that functions as Iran's pawn by	by	ADP	rentier	ADJ	 rentier
Nicholas's sister Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia was horrified by Tyutcheva's story. She wrote on March	March	PROPN	15	NUM	 15
It can result from blunt or penetrating trauma to the neck or chest, inhalation of harmful fumes or smoke	smoke	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was ordained as a United Church Minister later in the year at Knox United Church in Calgary. Dawson	Dawson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They considered a number of different ways to implement the pupil assignment plan, and decided to bring the various	various	ADJ	alternatives	NOUN	 alternatives
" With singles " Miss You Much ", " Rhythm Nation ", " Escapade ", " Alright	Alright	INTJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) finally meets her birth parents (Ed Begley, Jr. and Joan Cusack)	)	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
House drummer D. J. Fontana brought a new element, complementing Presley's movements with accented beats that he had	had	AUX	mastered	VERB	 mastered
Meanwhile, it was soon revealed informally that " X " was indeed Kennan. This information seemed to give	give	VERB	the	DET	 the
By lap 433, Jimmie Johnson caught Kurt Busch. Johnson tried to pass Busch on lap 444, but	but	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
At the start of the 2009 – 10 season, on 29 August 2009, Tasci extended his contract with	with	ADP	Stuttgart	PROPN	 Stuttgart
This generally resembled the original aircraft, but the wings were entirely redesigned with laminar flow airfoils, the tail	tail	NOUN	structure	NOUN	 structure
In 2012, the company experienced its first operating loss since entering the video game market more than 30 years	years	NOUN	earlier	ADV	 earlier
The episode was viewed by 8.83 million viewers and placed as the 24th most watched episode for the week in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After Floyd asks Liz about her own future in New York, she begins to notice all the problems she	she	PRON	has	VERB	 has
The 7th Army was commanded by Divizijski đeneral Dušan Trifunović, and his chief of staff was Pukovnik Vladimir Petrović	Petrović	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Because of this, Minogue, with the support of her then boyfriend Stephane Sednaoui, decided to experiment with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Inducted on August 18, 2008, he is the only born and raised native to be drafted into the	the	DET	NHL	PROPN	 NHL
These had been grounded and abandoned when they sighted Virginia entering the Roads. Their flags were then hoisted "	"	PUNCT	Union	PROPN	 Union
She made one trip to besieged Sevastopol in December 1941 and made a number of bombardments in support of the	the	DET	Kerch	PROPN	 Kerch
Bryan's candidacy divided the Democratic Party and its supporters, and caused many normally Democratic papers to abandon him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Liberal Prime Minister H. H. Asquith had asked the previous king to give an undertaking that he would create sufficient	sufficient	ADJ	Liberal	ADJ	 Liberal
However, Kenney felt that fellow Lampoon writer Chris Miller was the magazine's expert on the college experience.	.	PUNCT	Faced	VERB	 Faced
" Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India called him " absolutely mesmerising "; Garauv Malani wrote, "	"	PUNCT	Randeep	PROPN	 Randeep
The evocation of adolescent homoeroticism was deliberate and playful rather than pornographic. In a similar vein, Richard Canning	Canning	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Most of the area through which they run is at or below sea level, and attempts to protect it	it	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Toys " R " Us offered an ODST action figure and a US $20 gift card as a buying	buying	NOUN	incentive	NOUN	 incentive
In his postmortem, Spector concluded that the team was " unrealistic, blinded by promises of complete creative freedom	freedom	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
These aircraft launched twenty torpedoes at the battleship but all missed. On several occasions during 1942 and 1943 bombers	bombers	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Both sexes build the nest; the building periods can be as brief as three days to as long as	as	ADP	four	NUM	 four
" In January 17, 1920, Malevich and Lissitzky co founded the short lived Molposnovis (Young followers of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
" He praised the action sequence, calling it " truly inspired " and " extremely well scripted ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Her guns were removed and dropped overboard to be picked up later by the salvage vessel Kanguro. The battleship	battleship	NOUN	's	PART	's
In Paris, French president Charles de Gaulle decided otherwise. M ' ba was one of the most loyal	loyal	ADJ	allies	NOUN	 allies
Green decided to pursue a career in law, something his father had dreamed of doing himself. Green received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
In the fall of 1793, during the peak of the Northwest Indian War, he joined Shawnee chief Blue	Blue	PROPN	Jacket	PROPN	 Jacket
" The song received two nominations at the 50th Grammy Awards held at the Staples Center in Los Angeles,	,	PUNCT	California	PROPN	 California
The sensitivity and specificity measurements are around 90%. The ultrasound equipment must be of sufficiently high quality in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
In Stewart's opinion, Public Law 280 had no bearing on the case and the rights were not protected	protected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Using a telescope and sighting at the given bearing, he spotted something white among the branches of a large	large	ADJ	tree	NOUN	 tree
At the latter, strong winds were observed, with a gust up to 150 mph (240 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
Preliminary genetic analysis of the genus using mitochondrial DNA showed the three raven species to belong to one lineage and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Adult Pteranodon specimens from the two major species can be divided into two distinct size classes. The smaller class	class	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pearl Jam has outlasted and outsold many of its contemporaries from the alternative rock breakthrough of the early 1990s,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The phagocyte then stretches itself around the bacterium and engulfs it. Phagocytosis of bacteria by human neutrophils takes on	on	ADP	average	ADJ	 average
Pieces from MOBA's collection have been on display in museums in Virginia, Ottawa, and New York.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It also became the fifth highest grossing Telugu film of 2015 at the United States box office. The film	film	NOUN	collected	VERB	 collected
Formally established in 1978, more than 20 years after it was first proposed, the monument is located in	in	ADP	Surakarta	PROPN	 Surakarta
Despite initial concerns about her sea keeping ability, Novgorod was a stable gun platform and had an easy roll	roll	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Unable to work his fields, Epps leases his slaves to a neighboring plantation for the season. While there	there	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
" The condemnations certainly had a positive effect on science, but scholars disagree over their relative influence. Historians	Historians	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although the storm never made landfall, the fringe effects of the storm produced significant flooding across the Baja California	California	PROPN	Peninsula	PROPN	 Peninsula
" Heartbreak Hotel / I Was the One " was certified Platinum by on March 27, 1992 and 2	2	NUM	×	NOUN	 ×
Song portrayed the character Veronica. The show's pilot episode was significantly criticized by Asian American watchdog groups because	because	SCONJ	Song	PROPN	 Song
In addition to small arms, they were equipped with two 12 pounder breech loading guns, 24 pounder rockets	rockets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This bridge either crossed the Thames, or went to a now lost island in the river. Dendrology dated	dated	VERB	the	DET	 the
O'Malley lowballed Rickey with an offer of $346,000 (the purchase price). Rickey demanded $1 million	million	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
A demo was released on April 30 exclusively for the PlayStation Network. When questioned about the lack of a	a	DET	Nintendo	PROPN	 Nintendo
The population of Jerusalem would be around 105,000 Arabs to 100,000 Jews. On 13 December trouble came from another	another	DET	quarter	NOUN	 quarter
Cyanogenic glycosides are stored in inactive forms in plant vacuoles. They become toxic when herbivores eat the plant and	and	CCONJ	break	VERB	 break
This delay proved to be somewhat costly, since the Americans used this time to improve fortifications on northwestern Long	Long	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
Rumors alleging that Diocletian's death was merely being kept secret until Galerius could come to assume power spread through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Legislation in Australia requires that cylinders are hydrostatically tested every twelve months. In South Africa a hydrostatic test is	is	AUX	required	VERB	 required
That gap was eliminated in late 1936 when M 46 was routed down US 131 to Howard City and along	along	ADP	M	PROPN	 M
The supervillain returns in " The Clown at Midnight " (2007) as a cruel, enigmatic force who	who	PRON	awakens	VERB	 awakens
Kwajalein Missile Range caught stronger winds than expected from the storm, and operations in the missile range were affected	affected	VERB	severely	ADV	 severely
When the album was profiled in the Classic Albums documentary series, Gabriel quipped that its short title meant it	it	PRON	could	AUX	 could
The film ended its North American theatrical run on May 14, 1999, having grossed $16,316,273, below	below	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Since 1995 the Yogyakarta Palace Complex including Taman Sari is listed as a tentative World Heritage Site. The name	name	NOUN	Taman	PROPN	 Taman
Day and Foxe completed a second edition of the Book of Martyrs in 1570. It was even larger than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
The theme song was based upon a song Geiss wrote called " Elmo's Song ", with lyrics changed	changed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Fleetwood Mac's main writers — Buckingham, Christine McVie and Nicks — worked individually on specific songs, but	but	CCONJ	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
The strength of this anti reform backlash would ultimately lead to the Afghan civil war. Under the previous administration	administration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although he had never been faithful to Maria Leopoldina, he had previously been careful to conceal his sexual escapades	escapades	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Wisden opined that " rarely can a Test Match have been played under such appalling conditions as on this day	day	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Okinawa was to be a staging area for Operation Downfall, the American invasion of the Japanese Home Islands.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Neither of the pilots ' seats had shoulder straps as were required by United States domestic passenger flights. At	At	ADP	least	ADJ	 least
The residences and most other structures are timber framed and fibro clad. In 1825, Brisbane was established as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
This, in turn, was followed by refactoring within the organisation to better adapt the new identity. From	From	ADP	1962	NUM	 1962
The war minister ’ s flag was a tricolor square with the letter “ M ” in white found on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
During September 13, Choi wan gradually developed whilst moving west with the JMA reporting that Choi wan had become	become	VERB	a	DET	 a
Hitchcock acquired rights to the novel for $9,500 and reportedly ordered Robertson to buy up copies to preserve the	the	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
Nevertheless, in the spring Sibelius went on an international tour with Kajanus and his orchestra, presenting his recent	recent	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
US 30 was originally conceived as a part of the Lincoln Highway, the first transcontinental highway in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Carlisle Cullen, the family patriarch, is a doctor working in Forks. His wife is Esme, and	and	CCONJ	Alice	PROPN	 Alice
The company struggled to fund the work, and construction did not begin until 1898. In 1900, work	work	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
His advance was stopped almost immediately before Serres when the city refused to surrender, and the subsequent siege had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
Glenn Close is up to the material, but her supporting cast is uniformly disastrous. A pointless and offensive	offensive	ADJ	waste	NOUN	 waste
A taxi driver backs up Sienna's alibi and she leaves. Paul asks Mark to steal some police files	files	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Briefly moving over the warm, shallow waters of the Gulf of Tonkin, Gordon's convective structure tripled in	in	ADP	size	NOUN	 size
Historian Paul Prunet was the first to link the animals discussed by Caesar to the Mérens, although the relationship	relationship	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The operation was a dismal failure, and Spencer left, broke, in 1912. The steamboat sank in	in	ADP	1921	NUM	 1921
Both the marsh rice rat and O. couesi have 56 chromosomes, lack a gall bladder, and have a	a	DET	complex	ADJ	 complex
Goeben was retained by the new Turkish government after the war. Only slightly modified from her original configuration,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Walpole could be sensitive about his literary reputation and often took adverse criticism badly. When Hilaire Belloc praised P	P	NOUN	G	PROPN	 G
The album also includes many expletives; David Fricke of the Rolling Stone magazine said " there isn't much	much	ADJ	shock	NOUN	 shock
This would cause the cooling of the northern hemisphere, and the warming of the southern, causing changes in	in	ADP	ice	NOUN	 ice
During its first run, Bringing Up Baby made $715,000 in the U.S. and $394,000 in foreign markets	markets	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In Puerto Rico, a man died after he collapsed from cardiac arrest while trying to install storm shutters on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
His assists total set a Ducks record that stood for ten years until Ryan Getzlaf recorded 66 in 2008 –	–	PUNCT	09	NUM	 09
NJ 208 was first plotted in 1929 as Route S4B, a spur off Route 4 that was to run	run	VERB	from	ADP	 from
A bus, known as the " Rattler " was introduced around this time, and ran a service through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rebuilding of these locomotives as A1 / 1 never happened. Instead, the conversion to A3 standard continued	continued	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The proposal had aimed to get rid of some of the rotten boroughs and give Britain's fast growing industrial	industrial	ADJ	towns	NOUN	 towns
JNA activity in Lika was limited to shelling and air raids on Gospić and Otočac, peaking on 4 October	October	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The scene was filmed in Picture Finance's call centre on the outskirts of Newport on an early Sunday morning	morning	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On May 7, 1941, Roosevelt announced Minton's nomination to the Chicago based Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals	Appeals	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Napoleonic era further institutionalized the secularization of French society. In the latter half of the 19th century,	,	PUNCT	atheism	NOUN	 atheism
The scene was reanimated so that Homer was dancing naked in the front row. This episode was the only	only	ADJ	Treehouse	PROPN	 Treehouse
Pericci (ペリシー, Perisie) is a 16 year old Lesser Fellpool with more pronounced cat like features including	including	VERB	feline	NOUN	 feline
Beginning around 864 the three brothers halted their campaigns of conquest in Ireland, and instead campaigned in Britain.	.	PUNCT	Ímar	PROPN	 Ímar
Later releases include Christmas Around the World reaching ZMR's Top 100 Radio Playlist; and One Deep Breath also	also	ADV	holding	VERB	 holding
North of the MD 55 intersection, MD 36 meets Interstate 68 at a diamond interchange at exit 34.	.	PUNCT	Near	ADP	 Near
The forward motion of the storm gradually slowed as it intensified and on 19 April, Orson attained Category 3	3	NUM	status	NOUN	 status
Insane Clown Posse asked Mick Foley to appear in the movie as " Cactus Sac ", a parody of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
While still a student, in 1893 Monteux was successful in the competition for the chair of first viola of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They agreed to travel together by boat, while another small group herded livestock overland, to their respective settlements	settlements	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Villa Park was chosen as the venue for two pool matches in the 2015 Rugby World Cup. The first	first	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
They are occasionally observed anting. The noisy miner engages in most activities in a group. Roosting, foraging	foraging	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He grew up in the affluent Chicago suburb of Lake Forest and attended Lake Forest Academy, Phillips Exeter Academy	Academy	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The first dent in this stability came about in 1607, with the Case of Prohibitions. James VI and	and	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
In contrast, Buena Vista appears to have been lightly occupied. La Trinidad de Nosotros also underwent major expansion	expansion	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In that decade, Atlanta's white population grew from 31% to 38% of the city's population	population	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Iron Duke was undamaged in the accident. The typical routine of gunnery drills and squadron exercises occurred in January	January	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Pellew's first action, during the spring of 1806, was to deploy several frigates to the Java Sea	Sea	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
It had a black band at the base of its slightly hooked beak, and its neck and legs were	were	AUX	long	ADJ	 long
I'm not proud of it. " Stephen Lewis was coming into his own during this period. In	In	ADP	1963	NUM	 1963
Potter noted in a letter that the words occasionally brought inquiries about their meaning. As of 2010, all	all	DET	23	NUM	 23
Frederick Thomas and Roger Pinkney, who had both worked with Scott, produced a simplified design that gave the	the	DET	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
" The Time Out Film Guide described Laserblast as a rip off of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and	and	CCONJ	said	VERB	 said
For the group's performance, the stage was made to resemble their Zoo TV stage. The following day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Recommended for hospital acquired pneumonia include third- and fourth generation cephalosporins, carbapenems, fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides, and vancomycin	vancomycin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Around 40 years later, in 1886, Gaston Maspero unsuccessfully searched for the entrance of the subterranean passages of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In June 2014, Time estimated that the total search effort to that point had cost approximately US $70	70	NUM	million	NUM	 million
As chair, McCain has tried to maintain a bipartisan approach and has forged a good relationship with ranking member	member	NOUN	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
The storm formed near Cape Verde on August 4 and crossed the Atlantic, turning northward around Bermuda before being	being	AUX	absorbed	VERB	 absorbed
On October 29, 2009, " Bad Romance " debuted on the Irish Singles Chart at number 20;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Despite this, he was sacked in 2009 and replaced by former England winger John Barnes, whose only previous	previous	ADJ	domestic	ADJ	 domestic
" He also believed the Ladder of Love match was another " highlight of the show " despite the "	"	PUNCT	terrible	ADJ	 terrible
Oxford were coached by Tom Cottingham Edwards Moss (who rowed for the Dark Blues four times between the 1875	1875	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Since choanoflagellates are thought to be animals ' closest single celled relatives, a team of scientists examined the biochemistry	biochemistry	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1990, a black and white warning label reading " Parental Advisory: Explicit Lyrics " was introduced as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
According to Anthony, he originally had no desire to record in Spanish and turned down an offer by RMM	RMM	PROPN	manager	NOUN	 manager
Reviewers also enjoyed the wide variety of weapons and the multi objective based missions, stating that they make the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The venue has hosted the FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup four times, in 2000, 2002, 2010 and	and	CCONJ	2011	NUM	 2011
The A and the B♭ instruments have nearly identical tonal quality, although the A typically has a slightly	slightly	ADV	warmer	ADJ	 warmer
Macdonald was willing to see some reciprocity with the United States, but was reluctant to lower many tariffs.	.	PUNCT	American	ADJ	 American
In turn, they nominated Lon Nol, a military general who shared their political sympathies, as prime minister	minister	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the age of 6, Ashida became the youngest lead actress in a Japanese television drama in the special	special	ADJ	television	NOUN	 television
This offered various advantages for cooling, control and the ability to draw off plutonium that was produced. Paneth	Paneth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Maximian's campaigns were not proceeding as smoothly. The Bagaudae had been easily suppressed, but Carausius, the	the	DET	man	NOUN	 man
Let these stripes, in the order indicated, be horizontal. But the colors and their order we must	must	AUX	preserve	VERB	 preserve
Known material of Dermotherium includes a handful of jaw fragments and isolated teeth. Dermotherium major is known only from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the reserve race, Cambridge's Goldie won by five and a half lengths in a time of 17	17	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
In a video published on December 9, 2011 via Hennigan's personal YouTube channel, Hennigan claimed that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It was downgraded from a severe thunderstorm and proceeded to move further off the coast for another 15 minutes while	while	SCONJ	gaining	VERB	 gaining
In a report on municipal wireless networks by The Wall Street Journal, Minneapolis's was singled out as being	being	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
WhatCulture! reviewer Joseph Kratzer gave the episode four stars out of five, praising the episode for making the	the	DET	previously	ADV	 previously
" The video premiered on March 16, 2009 on Lovato's MySpace account and was made available for digital	digital	ADJ	download	NOUN	 download
Kimball died shortly after 10: 00 pm on November 5, 1985, at age 90. One of	of	ADP	Kimball	PROPN	 Kimball
It is the fourth single from the album and was released in Australia in March 2008. The band's	's	PART	publicist	NOUN	 publicist
Like Taylor, Kirkham had selected his method of execution with the goal of inconveniencing the state. On January	January	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
Preproduction began in the second half of 2008. Lead character artist Björn Albihn described Fortress as " a game	game	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
These exits were opened following an additional delay to complete the escalators. Adams Street was widened from 100 feet	feet	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He fired at 600 yards as the enemy accelerated to escape. His fire slowed the Fw 190; catching	catching	VERB	up	ADP	 up
They formed a " Committee of 100 " to decide on a candidate, hoping to avoid internal dissensions which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
There were numerous well documented war crimes against civilians and prisoners of war perpetrated by Serb and Yugoslav forces in	in	ADP	Croatia	PROPN	 Croatia
On March 5, the National Association of Basketball Coaches honored Turner as a District 7 (Big Ten)	)	PUNCT	first	ADJ	 first
A more basic manifestation of the same effect involves two bodies that are falling side by side towards the Earth	Earth	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode	episode	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
William and Catherine had six children, most of whom married into the nobility. Modern historians have called William	William	PROPN	Montague	PROPN	 Montague
He criticized the bland environments and awkward movements for enemy units and the playable character, but praised the design	design	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Denmark will participate with the Danish frigate HDMS Esbern Snare and the Danish government has hired in the civilian cargo	cargo	NOUN	ship	NOUN	 ship
A number of cast members have played multiple roles in the series, and in other British soap operas and	and	CCONJ	dramas	NOUN	 dramas
The production opened on September 29, 1931 in New York, but was stopped after just 39 performances due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Much of the band's music was, as music historian Richie Unterberger described it, possessed of " an	an	DET	eerie	NOUN	 eerie
Stanton said that by taking away effort to work, the robots also take away humanity's need to put	put	VERB	effort	NOUN	 effort
In July, 2006, a game used Jack Youngblood jersey sold for $6,565 in an online auction.	.	PUNCT	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
Herodotus, who evidently has a rather negative view of him, suggests that Aristagoras simply lost his nerve and	and	CCONJ	fled	VERB	 fled
In 2002, the Salt Lake Tribune interviewed the mayor of Richfield about the change I 70 brought to the	the	DET	Sevier	PROPN	 Sevier
Artistically, we can do anything we want. " An early draft of the screenplay was written by Chris	Chris	PROPN	Conkling	PROPN	 Conkling
Similarly, Australian Strategic Policy Institute analyst Mark Thomson wrote in 2008 that " the breakneck speed with which the	the	DET	C	PROPN	 C
English Heritage has listed the church at Grade I because of its architectural and historical importance. The churchyard has	has	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
Following her grandmother's death in 1669, Anne lived with an aunt, Henrietta Anne, Duchess of Orléans	Orléans	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) estimated peak 1 minute winds of 280 km / h (175	175	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
The fastest modern Forths use subroutine threading, insert simple words as macros, and perform peephole optimization or other	other	ADJ	optimizing	VERB	 optimizing
Since the mid 20th century, American popular culture has strongly influenced Australia, particularly through television and cinema.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
Another Sibelius scholar, Timo Virtanen, has examined the same material and is more restrained, concluding that although	although	SCONJ	some	PRON	 some
The Savile Row Bespoke Association was founded in 2004 to protect and develop bespoke tailoring as practised in Savile Row	Row	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The new ownership group had made it their personal mission to win a championship. Major League Baseball changed its	its	PRON	scheduling	NOUN	 scheduling
Users were selected at random to receive invitations and codes to purchase tickets on November 21. Citi card members	members	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
The steep mountainsides return north of the community, however, as SR 11 follows Chuckanut Bay to the southern	southern	ADJ	outskirts	NOUN	 outskirts
Though these characters and items were not presented in the same context, their general traits survived the transition.	.	PUNCT	Gil	PROPN	 Gil
And when those forced revelations concern matters that are unorthodox, unpopular, or even hateful to the general public	public	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album's commercial success led music critics to call the album the " breakthrough " recording of her musical	musical	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
And I found other people misunderstanding what I myself was saying when I was saying something pointed and direct "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
He identified the mystery left in Francis Haddock's parchments to be another appearance of Tintin's adventures being "	"	PUNCT	framed	VERB	 framed
The date's accuracy was confirmed by Liang's study of the building which matched with known information about Tang	Tang	PROPN	buildings	NOUN	 buildings
Piller initially thought to write a Fountain of Youth type story, later saying, " Everybody's consumed with	with	ADP	images	NOUN	 images
Uma S. Maheshwari of The Hindu included " Pudhiya Vaanam " in her list of the " Immortal songs of	of	ADP	TMS	PROPN	 TMS
Right after the success of Pee wee's Big Adventure Reubens began working with Paramount Pictures on a sequel entitled	entitled	VERB	Big	PROPN	 Big
Funding was cut heavily, and training opportunities were also reduced. This, combined with economic pressure caused by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Originally the students who ran with Ralphie were called “ The Men Who Run with Ralphie. ” In the	the	DET	1970	NUM	 1970
FAMU had regular courses in French, German, physical education and mathematics, which it offered to its nearly	nearly	ADV	100	NUM	 100
Rena Greek was born in Jacksonville, Florida. She was active in her youth and was interested in activities	activities	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
In 1995, Laurie Godfrey estimated a mass of 197.5 kg (435 lb) using the midshaft circumferences of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The club's senior team competes in the League of Ireland Premier Division and it is the most successful club	club	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Around a quarter of the audience rushed for the exits with confusion and anger written over their faces, and	and	CCONJ	those	PRON	 those
The band's " O Tannenbaum " single was recorded during a sound check on the tour. The track	track	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The former has been preferred by the Rail Administration, while the latter — which would cost NOK 1 billion	billion	NUM	more	ADJ	 more
This debt is considered of utmost importance along with a person's debt to his gurus and his parents.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
So immigrants who had newly acquired land were not enfranchised as were not most of the rural ethnically Polish farmers	farmers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Born in Belhelvie, Aberdeenshire, he was the fourth son of Colonel Thomas Lumsden CB. He studied at	at	ADP	Addiscombe	PROPN	 Addiscombe
Raffald is however not afraid to use foreign words for new techniques, as " to fricassee Lamb Stones "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His son claimed that, until about four years before he died, his father was healthy enough to drive	drive	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" The former refers to an American rock band, which is later also featured on the marquee of an	an	DET	exterior	ADJ	 exterior
The meeting took place in February 1901 and resolved " that it was desirable in the interests of North Staffordshire	Staffordshire	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The rhynchocoel is a coelom, as it is lined by epithelium. The proboscis is an infolding of the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
Focussing predominately on songs from Spirit (2007) and Glassheart (2012), the concert was largely acoustic	acoustic	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
In 1167 the King of Leinster, Diarmait Mac Murchada, who had been driven out of his kingdom,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
The main point of disagreement was the Kaczyńskis ’ focus on rooting out those who had been involved in communist	communist	ADJ	rule	NOUN	 rule
The squadron was assigned to Admiral Beatty's Battlecruiser Fleet which had put to sea to intercept a sortie by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also became the fourth rider to win the Amstel Gold Race while wearing the rainbow jersey; the others	others	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
No portraits of her are known to exist; an idealized likeness is featured on a statue in Kingston and	and	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
The reaction of reviewers and readers to the first two books in the series, Shikasta and The Marriages Between	Between	ADP	Zones	PROPN	 Zones
A review by JeuxVideo.com also noted several improvements in the combat system over the prior game, but felt that	that	SCONJ	battles	NOUN	 battles
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Morrison returned to Los Alamos, where he remained until 1946. He turned down an offer from Ernest O.	O.	PROPN	Lawrence	PROPN	 Lawrence
Captain Hornby of the 4th (Royal Irish) Dragoon Guards is reputed to have been the first British soldier	soldier	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Throughout the day the Australians worked to outflank the position before launching an attack at 3: 15 pm.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Based on population, the county is the 8th smallest county of the 92 in Indiana. Although no interstate	interstate	ADJ	highways	NOUN	 highways
When last assessed in 2007, the population trend was stable. Constant persecution of the species and drainage of	of	ADP	wetland	ADJ	 wetland
La Niña has the following effects: often dry conditions prevail in late fall, winter and early spring,	,	PUNCT	increased	VERB	 increased
" Good Vibrations " established a new method of operation for Wilson. Instead of working on whole songs with	with	ADP	clear	ADJ	 clear
Since the cost of replacement of damaged leaves is higher in conditions where resources are scarce, it may also	also	ADV	be	AUX	 be
Early in its duration, Greta produced heavy rainfall in the Netherlands Antilles. With a similar path to Hurricane	Hurricane	PROPN	Fifi	PROPN	 Fifi
Kali properly transliterated from Sanskrit is Kālī, which should not be confused with the common Sanskrit word properly transliterated	transliterated	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Ramírez was traded to the Kansas City Royals on March 26, 2008, for a player to be named	named	VERB	later	ADV	 later
Morkel bowled a full ball which was pushed by Warne to point. He ran for a single, but	but	CCONJ	Raina	PROPN	 Raina
Other ocean currents redistribute heat between land and water on a more regional scale. The density and type of	of	ADP	vegetation	NOUN	 vegetation
The extension of the bypass was intended to provide access to a growing industrial park. In 1966, plans	plans	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
There were numerous instances of death from drinking poisoned or fouled water (there were still many unburied, decomposing	decomposing	VERB	corpses	NOUN	 corpses
At the location of present day University of Montana, the lake once had a depth of 950 feet (	(	PUNCT	290	NUM	290
It's not trying to glorify that type of relationship. The bad parts of it, that's what	what	PRON	you	PRON	 you
Mirkin later said that recording with the McCartneys was one of the most " amazing " experiences of his life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some of the most vocal critics of end time conspiracy theories come from within Christianity. In 1993, historian	historian	NOUN	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
Tornadoes which occur near the time of sunset can be many different colors, appearing in hues of yellow,	,	PUNCT	orange	ADJ	 orange
This injury became infected and left him permanently lame. Although affected by his physical deformities, Merrick attended school	school	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In January 1975, he lost his job due to the economic recession, but was able to secure a	a	DET	job	NOUN	 job
Despite predictions of it intensifying to a strong tropical storm, it failed to strengthen due to strong wind shear	shear	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The year after their return from the trip Steinbeck and Ricketts published Sea of Cortez: A Leisurely Journal of	of	ADP	Travel	PROPN	 Travel
The American alligator has also suffered serious declines from hunting and habitat loss throughout its range, threatening it with	with	ADP	extinction	NOUN	 extinction
Exhibition of her first works produced immediate results: the French government purchased one of her pictures of the market	market	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
One day, the king decides to take a drive with his daughter. The cat persuades his master to	to	PART	remove	VERB	 remove
It was during the months of spring 1819 that he wrote many of his major odes. Following the month	month	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 8 September 2010 the 75th anniversary of the first opening of the Lido was celebrated at the pool.	.	PUNCT	Uxbridge	PROPN	 Uxbridge
She found the illustration of a group of Malaysians huddled under an umbrella, taking shelter from a rain of	of	ADP	xenophobic	PROPN	 xenophobic
This population appears to be in decline: in 1988 it was estimated as containing from 500 to 800 plants	plants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The storms remnants transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it continued to the north northeast ahead of an approaching trough	trough	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Originally planning to create an artificial fal ' Cie, he is dissuaded upon seeing a vision of Serah fighting	fighting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Later, he awoke and dispatched his entourage to Nikolayev. On October 16 [O.S. October 5] 1791	1791	NUM	Potemkin	PROPN	 Potemkin
The importance of colour is linked to Messiaen's synaesthesia, which he said caused him to experience colours when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Sinatra attempted to pursue an acting career in Hollywood in the early 1940s. While films appealed to him,	,	PUNCT	being	AUX	 being
" However, in her study of Victorian mountaineering, Ann Colley suggests that gender discrimination was more overt at	at	ADP	lower	ADJ	 lower
The soldiers, many poorly dressed, ill equipped and without shoes, faced the cold rain, leading Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Paine	PROPN	 Paine
Priests who hold an office such as rector would have two tassels on each side. Clergy of the Church	Church	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Recognised assessment methods of attachment styles, difficulties or disorders include the Strange Situation procedure (Mary Ainsworth),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Dutch ship initially escaped, but was later captured and its value was eventually included in the prize money	money	NOUN	paid	VERB	 paid
From Reading, PA 83 followed the current alignment of PA 183 to northwest of Bernville, where it headed	headed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It started as the Forest School under the UP College of Agriculture in 1910, making it the oldest forestry	forestry	NOUN	school	NOUN	 school
The Holy Thorn Reliquary was later thought to have been in the possession of Louis I, Duke of Orléans	Orléans	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By 22: 15, Hipper was finally able to transfer to Moltke, and then ordered his ships to	to	PART	steam	VERB	 steam
Music critics were initially confused by the line " I wanna have groupies " in the chorus; mistaking the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
All three landing gear wheels retracted hydraulically; the main units inwards into the wing center section. The cockpit	cockpit	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Washington General Orders (November 1, 1780): Library of Congress, George Washington Papers, Series 3,	,	PUNCT	Subseries	NOUN	 Subseries
Wong, Kan Seng (Minister for Home Affairs), " Speakers ' Corner ", Singapore Parliamentary Debates	Debates	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These aircraft took off at about midnight on 10 January and began to arrive over Singapore at 08: 20	20	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Following this, the estate was acquired by the Moseley family of Manchester and became known as Cheadle Moseley.	.	PUNCT	Anne	PROPN	 Anne
After a brief shoot in Puerto Rico, with locations in both Palomino Island and the Fort of San Cristóbal	Cristóbal	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In Texas, strong winds were reported in the Galveston area, reaching 120 mph (190 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He added that George Giffen considered England's team in the final Test to have been the strongest of the	the	DET	nineteenth	ADJ	 nineteenth
After the album's release in Canada, the band embarked on a tour in that country with Early Man	Man	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A reform minded modernizer, he attempted to institute centralization and efficiency in the Indian department, but Congress either	either	CCONJ	failed	VERB	 failed
But the approach Burges took to its construction was on a grand scale: the floor depths were sufficient to	to	PART	support	VERB	 support
At the 2007 MAKS air show, a number of Chinese delegates were seen taking photos and videos of the	the	DET	Su	PROPN	 Su
There had been a mill at Bathpool for several centuries, which had been rebuilt or adapted as required.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The lowest position in the league that Bristol Rovers reached during the course of the season was 23rd, after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first drawings of Bodiam Castle date from the mid 18th century, when it was depicted as a ruin	ruin	NOUN	overgrown	VERB	 overgrown
On February 12, 1952, at the age of 71, his health severely deteriorated due to a heart	heart	NOUN	ailment	NOUN	 ailment
Staff writer Norman Stiles, who also wrote the episode in which Mr. Hooper's death was explained, was	was	AUX	assigned	VERB	 assigned
The bonus live tracks are were recorded at The Grove In Anaheim, California, on May 2, 2002	2002	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The album was first remastered for CD release in 1992, for which former Apple executive Derek Taylor supplied a	a	DET	liner	NOUN	 liner
The route leaves the rural area, intersecting with U.S. Route 9 (Sandman Boulevard), where the commercial	commercial	ADJ	district	NOUN	 district
They created a rating system for films that started at " harmless " and ended at " condemned ",	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
She won the contest, and Admiral Edward Howard described her enthusiastically as " the noblest ship of sayle [	[	X	of	ADP	of
Microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system. The	The	DET	innate	ADJ	 innate
Upon competing the Golden Temple, a new mode is unlocked known as the Mirror Mode. In this mode	mode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Schumacher was passed late in the race by eventual winner Jenson Button. Schumacher clashed with Vitaly Petrov in Valencia	Valencia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Development and quarrying threats to the Metacomet Ridge have resulted in public open space acquisition efforts through collective purchasing and	and	CCONJ	fundraising	NOUN	 fundraising
" Unable to resist a final quotation, even after admitting he has " overstepped our space ", he	he	PRON	cites	VERB	 cites
On May 13, 2013, Sánchez signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers. After spending	spending	VERB	a	DET	 a
He will not be punished by the sword, by fire or by some other ordinary form of execution,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
On 17 October, Robson entered the qualifying draw at the Luxembourg Open. In the first round of qualifying	qualifying	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
Alcibiades's troops, leading the Athenian pursuit, landed and attempted to pull the Spartan ships back out to	to	ADP	sea	NOUN	 sea
The film, which begins, ends, and occasionally combines with live action, explores the often surreal fantasies	fantasies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Later that night, Iris is bitten when her staple remover turns into a snake; she promptly goes into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following September she visited Portland, Cherbourg, and Stavanger together with her sister ship, Imperator Pavel I.	I.	PROPN	She	PRON	 She
The game was first announced in September 2011 as part of Nintendo's 2012 lineup for the 3DS, alongside	alongside	ADP	titles	NOUN	 titles
As part of the Chinese plan to capture Seoul, the PVA 42nd and the 66th Corps were tasked with	with	ADP	protecting	VERB	 protecting
There is some speculation that C. piperatus is a mycoparasite on the mycorrhiza of Amanita muscaria. In New Zealand	Zealand	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The list was compiled as a result of a fan survey: " Over 110,000 supporters all nominated their own	own	ADJ	personal	ADJ	 personal
Since her debut, Mileena's characteristic weapon is a pair of sharpened, dagger like sai, that at	at	ADP	first	ADV	 first
Paris and Courbet formed a Fifth Squadron at the beginning of the war. They were transferred to the Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The wings are powered directly, with the flight muscles attached to the wing bases. Dragonflies have a high	high	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
Toombs was ordered to reconnoiter or " feel the enemy ". Instead, he engaged the Federals in a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The system continued to organize, and several hours later, the NHC noted only a slight increase would suffice	suffice	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The Queen is represented in Australia by the Governor General at the federal level and by the Governors at the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
For example, Calvin's father is shown coming home from an early morning run in the snow, which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
The full Senate debated Scalia's nomination only briefly, and confirmed him 98 – 0 on September 17,	,	PUNCT	1986	NUM	 1986
German aid to the Nationalists amounted to approximately £43,000,000 ($215,000,000) in 1939 prices, 15.5 percent	percent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The book was released on 21 July 2007 by Bloomsbury Publishing in the United Kingdom, in the United States	States	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Smith was stabbed in the neck; as those present attended to him, he uttered " Winchester " and	and	CCONJ	died	VERB	 died
After spending over a year considering the difficulties of developing a new game, they received a call from Kazuhiko	Kazuhiko	PROPN	Aoki	PROPN	 Aoki
The SS educational leaders were also responsible for general anti religious training, which was part of the Nazi attempt	attempt	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Meet the Quagmires, along with four other episodes from the fifth season, and the first seven episodes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Luke's line, " Welcome to the O.C., bitch ", which he says after beating up Ryan	Ryan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was a commercial failure. Four years later, the Edison operation came out with its last substantial new	new	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
Once they had broken through, Frost used his hunting horn to rally the remaining paratroopers, and they then	then	ADV	marched	VERB	 marched
1994 saw the birth of her daughter, Bella. Morris ' next single, " The Price I Pay	Pay	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
As the droplets descend through the lower density hydrogen, the process releases heat by friction and leaves Saturn's	's	PART	outer	ADJ	 outer
" According to the Bruins public relations director Nate Greenberg " one of my toughest jobs in the day was	was	AUX	trying	VERB	 trying
Conan deduces Hades is directly opposite of Minerva's mother, as he intends to record her death, and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
God's Thunderbolt: The Vigilantes of Montana. Charleston, SC: BookSurge Publishing. ISBN 1 4196 9709	9709	NUM	9	NUM	 9
The game proceeds only after the correct answer has been entered. Sword of Aragon was released when fantasy themed	themed	ADJ	wargames	NOUN	 wargames
So Barber could depict Columbus in profile, Curtis arranged for a little known Washington, D.C. sculptor, Ulric	Ulric	PROPN	Stonewall	PROPN	 Stonewall
However, Straus withdrew when the price became excessive and the plan came to nothing. The Va ' ad	ad	NOUN	Leumi	PROPN	 Leumi
Mercury has an exceptionally low melting temperature for a d block metal. A complete explanation of this fact requires	requires	VERB	a	DET	 a
However, maintaining the validity of this equation means that while the result of a% b is, as expected	expected	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The male attempts to prevent rivals from removing his sperm and inserting their own, something made possible by delayed	delayed	VERB	fertilisation	NOUN	 fertilisation
After the World Cup, the most important international football competitions are the continental championships, which are organised by	by	ADP	each	DET	 each
Justice Grier further instructed the grand jury that it was unnecessary for the government to produce the corpse to prosecute	prosecute	VERB	a	DET	 a
Hubbard maintained a harsh disciplinary regime aboard the fleet, punishing mistakes by confining people in the Royal Scotman's	's	PART	bilge	PROPN	 bilge
" The New Book of Rock Lists ranked Moon No. 1 on its list of " 50 Greatest Rock	Rock	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Significant sandy beaches are found only at Sands Key. Biscayne Bay is a shallow semi enclosed lagoon which averages	averages	VERB	10	NUM	 10
Ultimately, Lois deduces Clark's true identity as " The Blur " in the season nine finale. Lois	Lois	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Few people outside of her label's A & R department had heard of Allen, so the label were	were	AUX	slow	ADJ	 slow
He immediately promised to take a harder line on independence than his predecessor. Only two months into his premiership	premiership	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, this mount was dismantled in 1917 when the old Peabody Museum building was demolished. This historically significant	significant	ADJ	specimen	NOUN	 specimen
The Expert Group of the World Health Organization considered developmental toxicity as the most pertinent risk of dioxins to human	human	ADJ	beings	NOUN	 beings
The station was constructed in 1862 by navvies drafted by contractors under the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. On 12	12	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
Herschel received a postcard from his family from the Polish border, describing the family's expulsion: " No	No	DET	one	NOUN	 one
Viroids are important pathogens of plants. They do not code for proteins but interact with the host cell and	and	CCONJ	use	VERB	 use
When imagining the concept for " Butterfly, " Carey intended the song to be a house music record,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
For a moment, the whole of the Roman East seemed lost to the Parthians or about to fall into	into	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Aided by the prestige gained from his successful forecast, Friedman led increasingly successful criticisms against the Keynesian consensus,	,	PUNCT	convincing	VERB	 convincing
It originally aired in the United States on December 1, 2010, on USA Network as the 12th episode	episode	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The amendment also required that excess, unadoptable horses " shall be made available for sale without limitation. "	"	PUNCT	Burns	NOUN	 Burns
He differentiated Islam: The Untold Story – which he considered to be a poor work of scholarship – with	with	ADP	Innocence	PROPN	 Innocence
The primary decay mode of ytterbium isotopes lighter than the most abundant stable isotope, 174Yb, is electron capture	capture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1952, the company was sold to the General Tire and Rubber Company, which liquidated the assets and	and	CCONJ	ended	VERB	 ended
Austin Lyon portrays a young Ward. Chloe Bennet as Daisy " Skye " Johnson / Quake: An Inhuman	Inhuman	PROPN	hacktivist	NOUN	 hacktivist
All 18 Malagasy ethnic groups, as well as residents of Chinese, Indian, European and other origins,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
Bouvet's main armament consisted of two Canon de 305 mm Modèle 1893 guns in two single gun turrets,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
A jazz fusion album, Song of Innocence combines jazz elements with impressionistic musical figures and hard rock guitar solos	solos	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Heb. 2: 12: " I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst	midst	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the time this village was called Sutton, meaning south town in Old English. The name Plym Mouth	Mouth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Zimmermann gave Bizet private lessons in counterpoint and fugue, which continued until the old man's death in 1853	1853	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He went to the General Assemblies in 1844, 1853, 1861, 1865 to 1867, 1876, 1886	1886	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is one of two surviving inscriptions that indicate Åsmund's patronym, the other being GS 11 in Järvsta	Järvsta	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The transpennine M62 motorway is less than 20 miles (30 km) away providing links to Manchester and Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
American rock band AFI served as the opening act for the tour. During the concert tour, Linkin Park	Park	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to press reports, Tottenham proposed to play most home matches in MK and a small number at Wembley	Wembley	PROPN	Stadium	PROPN	 Stadium
1300. This book was one of the most popular of the Middle Ages. The work was translated into	into	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Its current distribution is patchy in many places, especially in West Africa. Populations are concentrated in protected areas	areas	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Szalavitz is the co author of Recovery Options: The Complete Guide with Joseph Volpicelli, and The Boy Who	Who	PRON	Was	AUX	 Was
While Selänne finished as second runner up for the Lady Byng Trophy, Kariya finished sixth in voting. Having	Having	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Robbery and burglary are down by more than 80% during the period, and auto theft has been reduced	reduced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
She saw action at the Battle of Lissa in July 1866, where she rammed and sank the Italian ironclad	ironclad	NOUN	Re	ADP	 Re
Coke argued that the judges of the common law were those most suited to making law, followed by Parliament	Parliament	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In Chinese, 天大將軍 (Tiān Dà Jiāng Jūn), meaning Heaven's Great General, refers to an	an	DET	asterism	NOUN	 asterism
He later became close friends with Wertheimer. Asch met Florence Miller in a library on East Broadway on the	the	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
In addition to Palmyra, Sarmin and Salamiyah, Muhanna was also given the town of Douma in the Ghouta	Ghouta	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
Since Christian metal is very much a counterculture of the Christian music scene, it has never had any major	major	ADJ	corporate	ADJ	 corporate
Menfond Electronic Art adapted Bizenghast into animated short episodes or " iManga ". The iManga episodes featured music by	by	ADP	Divine	PROPN	 Divine
American had a speed of 12 knots (22 km / h), and was powered by a single	single	ADJ	triple	ADJ	 triple
Jones was also accused excessive spending, questionable real estate transactions, and was sued for racial discrimination (see	see	VERB	Controversies	PROPN	 Controversies
A stone bridge across the Shannon was erected in 1685, and a Williamite army advancing from Birr in 1690	1690	NUM	attempted	VERB	 attempted
Next track " I Know It " has a gentler swing to it and features music from piano, a	a	DET	saxophone	NOUN	 saxophone
He made his discoveries during his studies of the desert locust, whose solitary and gregarious phases had previously been	been	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
Drew's job required him to work from a cubicle and Helford stated that no one had really done a	a	DET	show	NOUN	 show
The redbud was believed to be an effective ward. Rooted in older folklore, the modern belief in vampires	vampires	NOUN	spread	VERB	 spread
It is my hope, President elect Clinton, that you and your administration commit the resources needed to eliminate	eliminate	VERB	this	DET	 this
For this reason, a number of sites on the north bank have been discounted by historians and geographers.	.	PUNCT	Historical	ADJ	 Historical
The most significant change in this period, however, was that prison officers achieved representation through the Western Australian	Australian	PROPN	Prison	PROPN	 Prison
On a visit to New York, he asked Maria Goeppert Mayer to carry out calculations on the Super for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
In that mountain range it reaches 6,000 metres (20,000 feet) in the summer, and has been recorded	recorded	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Described as new to science in 1972, it is known only from the Pacific Northwest region of North America	America	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Marie. Townships continued to maintain and build local roads using the " statute labor system ". An able	able	ADJ	bodied	ADJ	 bodied
After the 1996 – 1998 recalibrations a clear divergence between the international and various national prototype kilograms was observed.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Raymund Flandez of The Wall Street Journal described it as " the corniest number in several seasons ". Futterman	Futterman	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
However, both are deemed to be inactive in the absence of Shakti. As set out in the first	first	ADJ	line	NOUN	 line
Hrithik Roshan plays the lead role of Vijay Deenanath Chauhan and Sanjay Dutt plays the role of the antagonist Kancha	Kancha	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
IGN contributor Robert Canning wrote that " Corporate Crush " was a " solid episode ", and that 30	30	NUM	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
On 17 August 2009, there was an explosion at the Sayano Shushenskaya hydroelectric power plant, which killed 75	75	NUM	plant	NOUN	 plant
On December 18, 2011, she performed the song on VH1 Divas Celebrates Soul television special. On January	January	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
The pieces were arranged and incorporated into later Dragon Warrior games ' soundtracks. The music has been released in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In September 2014, several plans were created by the city of Bloomington in order to rezone several parts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
River Oaks is within District 13 of the Texas Senate and represented by Rodney Ellis, a Democrat. The	The	DET	community	NOUN	 community
Kaguya is the largest lunar mission since the Apollo program. Its purpose is to gather data on the moon	moon	NOUN	's	PART	's
However, the Australians were convinced that deliberate patrolling techniques were more effective in separating the Viet Cong from the	the	DET	population	NOUN	 population
No coalition was formed, however the pressure from Labour brought about productive change by Deakin: he agreed to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The cigarettes were the same as Fleming's, who had been buying his at Morland since the 1930s;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Gregory does not appear to have provided the Libellus with a title. This is not unusual since the work	work	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Aaron Montgomery Ward, who is known both as the inventor of mail order and the protector of Grant Park	Park	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Crace at 15: 26 radioed Fletcher he could not complete his mission without air support. Crace retired southward	southward	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Since each species of tree has its own structure at the levels of cell and of molecules, each has	has	VERB	its	PRON	 its
By 1996 two of her books had fathers that died and five had stepfathers that are depicted as intruding on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
To this day, no one has been identified as a possible suspect in Gonzalez's murder, and the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
On some occasions there have been upwards of 19,000 persons in them, and this immense concourse, most of	of	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
Two satellites were built for the domestic terminal, one each for Braathens SAFE and SAS, allowing increased waiting	waiting	NOUN	area	NOUN	 area
Shiva replied that he is the one gives fruit to all penance and took her hand and kissed her.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADV	 Further
These Blackwater side notched points implied the arrival of a group from eastern Nebraska or western Iowa, replacing the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
In the book, an isolated Ellie seeks to escape a stultifying mother. The reviews were generally favourable,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Jack, who also does not get along with his mother Colleen Donaghy (Elaine Stritch), shows Jenna	Jenna	PROPN	a	DET	 a
Damage on Mahé was limited to landslides and some flooding. On Praslin, high winds damaged the roofs of	of	ADP	over	ADP	 over
Tamandaré and the future Viscount of Ouro Preto were among the pallbearers. He was buried in the São Francisco	Francisco	PROPN	Xavier	PROPN	 Xavier
He ran without avail for the City Council in Anchorage in 1960. During this time, he had become	become	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Court of Appeal held that the distinction drawn by the section 37 between citizens and non citizens who are	are	AUX	abroad	ADV	 abroad
Here they remained overnight, sitting through a two hour air raid, and sailed for Valletta at 12:	:	SYM	00	PUNCT	 00
In high school, Cho was placed in special education under the ' emotional disturbance ' classification. He was	was	AUX	excused	VERB	 excused
He was killed shortly after opening the bridge. Notable Commonwealth burials in the cemetery include Private John Parr,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
" Stranger in Moscow " was released as the fifth and final single in November 1996. The song was	was	AUX	well	ADV	 well
A 2006 book, Game of Shadows by San Francisco Chronicle investigative reporters Lance Williams and Mark Fainaru Wada,	,	PUNCT	chronicled	VERB	 chronicled
When compared to other state legislatures in the United States, the Maryland Senate has one of the strongest presiding	presiding	VERB	officers	NOUN	 officers
The " Golden Rule of Magic " states that " Whenever a card's text directly contradicts the rules,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Mukasey said that the waterboarding of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to reveal the nickname of bin Laden's courier	courier	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
John Adams (never a fan of the southern delegation to the Continental Congress) wrote " Congress will appoint	appoint	VERB	a	DET	 a
Patterns were prepared from the dies, but Barber and Leach were unhappy with the pieces. On May 22	22	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Singer said the film is ambiguous about most of the character's details, but the fax sent at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its ecclesiastic territory includes Broward, Miami Dade, and Monroe counties in the U.S. state of Florida. The	The	DET	archdiocese	NOUN	 archdiocese
Several characters also become involved in Yuri and Mashiro's attempt to create a world where both humans and Tayutai	Tayutai	PROPN	can	AUX	 can
In Croyle's four years playing for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team, he set numerous school records,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Around this time, French accounts of the Anglo Mysore wars appeared as well, and included Michaud 1809,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
In addition to its general popularity, she noted its musical simplicity, its key of C major, "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Armed with a main battery of five 10 inch (250 mm) and twelve 8 in (200 mm	mm	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The bomb exploded, fatally wounding three officers and a stenographer who died soon after. Hitler survived with only	only	ADJ	minor	ADJ	 minor
Structural differences included an airfoil change to the wing, expanding its area to 295 m2 (3,172 ft2)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Big Bang has amassed numerous achievements and awards, setting several records in their home country. They experienced their	their	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
The next morning, Maude informs Marge that Ned is missing, having been chased around by the boys throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2008 a detailed analysis of chancelloriids ' sclerites concluded that they were very similar to those of halkieriids,	,	PUNCT	mobile	ADJ	 mobile
The Continentals and the Patriot militia began to run out of ammunition during the battle, and Lincoln was forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
Partington's local drift geology is a mixture of alluvial deposits, fluvio glacial gravel, and peat deposited about	about	ADV	10,000	NUM	 10,000
In 2005, President of the United States of America, George W. Bush and his wife, First Lady	Lady	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
A road from New Albany to north of Center Village first appeared on maps in 1924. In 1929,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" (Yes, come, Lord Jesus!). The personal decision is supported by the instrumental quotation	quotation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Romanova is suspicious of Nash, but Bond reassures her that the man is from his own service. After	After	ADP	dinner	NOUN	 dinner
Bresnahan died of a heart attack at his home in Toledo on December 4, 1944 at the age of	of	ADP	65	NUM	 65
On 27 June 1905, Potemkin was at gunnery practice near Tendra Island off the Ukrainian coast when many enlisted	enlisted	ADJ	men	NOUN	 men
Other uitlanders produced a counter petition in which about as many affirmed their satisfaction with Kruger's government. Attempting	Attempting	VERB	to	PART	 to
They had a beam of 72 ft 3 in (22.02 m) and a draft of 23 ft 6	6	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Only Wiggins ' team mate Mark Cavendish was able to win more than one stage during the second half of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" It occurs along almost the entire eastern coast of Australia, from Geelong, Victoria to Proserpine, Queensland	Queensland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This proved a decisive moment, marking the end of Irish willingness to stay inside the Union. On 7	7	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
1500 - 600 BCE). Female divinity continued to have a place in belief and worship, but generally	generally	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The song is a long whistled double note similar to, but less urgent, than that of the orange	orange	PROPN	breasted	PROPN	 breasted
Matthew Grenby, the foremost expert on Trimmer, estimates that the Guardian's circulation was between 1,500 and 3,500	3,500	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
He countered criticism of the portrayal of New Directions ' rival choirs, suggesting: " at this point,	,	PUNCT	everyone	PRON	 everyone
The troop of tanks that had initially been committed was at this point relieved, with another – an ad	ad	X	hoc	X	 hoc
The Romans made durable concrete strong enough for load bearing walls. Roman concrete contains a rubble of broken bricks	bricks	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His grandson with the same title, in the court of king Veera Ballala III, composed a poem called	called	VERB	Rukminikalyana	PROPN	 Rukminikalyana
The album was given high critical praise from magazines such as PopMatters, which called McEntire's vocals, "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
He then travelled to Atlanta, Georgia, where he visited Ian Macauley, a friend who was active in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lack of third party games may be exacerbated in the future, as Nintendo faces the " dilemma of	of	ADP	having	AUX	 having
A ticket from Gothenburg to Copenhagen cost NOK 1119 in business class, NOK 803 in second class, and	and	CCONJ	with	ADP	 with
Henry eventually dissolved the Cabinet, removing the final remnants of recognition of the autonomous government established under Spanish rule	rule	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shantotto from Final Fantasy XI was used based on her popularity, while Gabranth was used to represent Final Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	XII	PROPN	 XII
The studio's schedule was too full for a single recording session, so Kalmah had to book time to	to	PART	record	VERB	 record
The fire rapidly destroyed Confiante and the British boarding party retired without casualties. As the British attack proceeded against	against	ADP	Confiante	PROPN	 Confiante
When it became clear that his pending trial would entail national television exposure for Kaczynski, the court entered a	a	DET	plea	NOUN	 plea
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 9, 2009. The episode was written by	by	ADP	series	PROPN	 series
The complexity of " the common man " is also explored through the oft mentioned " life of the mind	mind	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Other authors have placed it in its own monotypic family, Zavattariornithidae. DNA sequencing analysis supports its placement in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Unfortunately the cost of the weapon — three times that of a normal gun — prevented its wider deployment in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Barth, who had been with Task Force Smith as an observer, had ordered the 1st Battalion, 34th	34th	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
An armed British naval party had attempted to board Bremse and close her bottom valves, but found that they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In all, Cyprien destroyed 841 homes in the towns of Morombe and Morondava. Damage in the towns was	was	AUX	estimated	VERB	 estimated
When Stone sent petitions to the legislature in February 1850, over half were from towns where she had lectured	lectured	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He wrote the following to General Marshall after visiting a German internment camp near Gotha, Germany: The visual	visual	ADJ	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Maeda was concerned that the After Story arc, mainly a continuation of Nagisa's scenario, would eclipse the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
The soundtrack was produced alongside the game by Shinji Hosoe, with contributions from Nobuyoshi Sano and Ayako Saso,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
They typically target mammals up to about 3.5 kg (7.7 lb) in weight, and they require 500	500	NUM	grams	NOUN	 grams
Development of the film was first announced in a teaser trailer during the limited theatrical release of Persona 4 The	The	DET	Animation	NOUN	 Animation
Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student's speech "	"	PUNCT	foreseeably	ADV	 foreseeably
, Navigator, Oak Hill, WV Captain Kermit K. Beahan, Bombardier, Houston, TX Master Sergeant John	John	PROPN	D.	PROPN	 D.
However, because he was married, he decided to take a full time job in insurance instead. By	By	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Their discussions were similar to the lyrical content of the song with the two trying to convince her the relationship	relationship	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Grumman left the project when sanctions were placed on China following the political fallout from the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests	protests	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each of the album's singles — " Dixieland Delight ", " The Closer You Get ", and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
While the cars ' original skirts can be kept, they must be set up such that there is 40	40	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
October to December are the short rains when the mountain receives approximately a third of its rainfall total. Finally	Finally	ADV	from	ADP	 from
At the time of this announcement, it meant that three singles would precede the album before its worldwide release	release	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Here Comes The Pain, WWE ' 13, WWE 2K14, WWE 2K16, and WWE 2K17. and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The sessions resulted in " Silence Is Golden " and " Til the Day I Die ", which were	were	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Brown had driven his son to play in a basketball tournament in Jamestown, New York on Friday February 23	23	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
This stems from the growing disbelief that audiences feel after being exposed to such information, especially since Holocaust witnesses	witnesses	NOUN	themselves	PRON	 themselves
" Fellow conspirator Ambrose Rookwood, shortly before his own death, said that he " loved and respected him	him	PRON	[	X	 [
When the box is opened, Hyde is dominant. In a flashback triggered by genetic memory, Hyde has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Longhorns did not play Colt in the 2005 season, choosing to redshirt him instead. After viewing this	this	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The bicycle made for Peter Van Petegem in 2004 was a Time. The distance from bottom bracket to rear	rear	ADJ	axle	NOUN	 axle
Visual confirmation of venting came in November 2005, when ISS imaged geyser like jets of icy particles rising from	from	ADP	Enceladus	PROPN	 Enceladus
The offensive managed to advance and take back several parts of Karabakh in the north and to the south but	but	CCONJ	soon	ADV	 soon
No public funds were involved; all funding came from donations from individuals and corporations. Kapoor's contract states	states	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He scored his first professional hat trick at the club, in a 3 – 1 victory over Marítimo at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Manchester United opened the scoring in the 21st minute – a poor clearance by Cygan allowed Juan Sebastián Verón to	to	PART	score	VERB	 score
The store is also known for giving more credit for trade ins than its competitors. In 2005, Vox	Vox	PROPN	Magazine	PROPN	 Magazine
Park is also inspired by Taiwanese American NBA player Jeremy Lin, saying that Lin " was off the radar	radar	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Chief Investigator is charged by the Transport Integration Act with conducting investigations into rail safety matters including incidents and	and	CCONJ	trends	NOUN	 trends
He argues that many early archaeologists, in viewing prehistoric societies as " primitive " and " savage ",	,	PUNCT	expected	VERB	 expected
This is less than wished for by some. There are ongoing programs working on a dengue vaccine to cover	cover	VERB	all	DET	 all
When the Forest law was repealed, these " miniature greyhounds " became popular in the sport of dog racing	racing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cracker Barrel is known for the loyalty of its customers, particularly travelers who are likely to spend more at	at	ADP	restaurants	NOUN	 restaurants
An observer commented that Byrne may not have been in the best of condition for the fight, as "	"	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
Through Bar Sauma and other later envoys, such as Buscarello de Ghizolfi, Arghun promised the European leaders that	that	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
On the morning of 9 April, the German bridgehead at Barcs had expanded to Lukač, 7 kilometres (	(	PUNCT	4.3	NUM	4.3
The children were Jean Marie Junior (born 1812), Marie Rose (born 1813), Pierre (	(	PUNCT	born	VERB	born
His confirmation of her intellectual abilities strengthened Stanton's confidence and self esteem. Upon graduation from Johnstown Academy,	,	PUNCT	Stanton	PROPN	 Stanton
He was then dropped from the squad for the five match ODI series in Sri Lanka against Sri Lanka in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Presley and his wife filed for divorce on August 18. According to Joe Moscheo of the Imperials, the	the	DET	failure	NOUN	 failure
The next day, Kennedy made a list of 15 areas for improvement. Rocky Mountain News said " the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Similar parallels in the decay of civilization are detailed in 1949 post apocalyptic science fiction novel by Berkeley English professor	professor	NOUN	George	PROPN	 George
Yvon Cormier died of bone marrow cancer on March 4, 2009. Jean Louis Cormier, who was given	given	VERB	the	DET	 the
In a council held in Augusta on February 12, Campbell decided to abandon Augusta and began the withdrawal to	to	ADP	Savannah	PROPN	 Savannah
Five regional airports opened on 1 August 1974, Sørkjosen, Hammerfest, Mehamn, Berlevåg and Vadsø, all	all	PRON	which	PRON	 which
The facts about Abraham Lincoln's service during the Black Hawk War have been disputed. Lincoln was associated with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Each question answered correctly within the time limit moves the team one space ahead on the board. After time	time	NOUN	expires	VERB	 expires
One month later, Ron Howard pitches Homer's screenplay from earlier to Brian Grazer of 20th Century Fox,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Some of the Cuban performers later released well received solo albums and recorded collaborations with international stars from different musical	musical	ADJ	genres	NOUN	 genres
The PRR saw the potential publicity to be gained by exhibiting such an old engine, showing it at the	the	DET	1876	NUM	 1876
There is nothing wrong with applying R. v. Miller to a manslaughter case, but the court extended the R.	R.	PROPN	v.	CCONJ	 v.
The election of a Polish pope had an electrifying effect on what was at that time one of the last	last	ADJ	idiosyncratically	ADV	 idiosyncratically
In 2011 he was made the subject of a biography by Terry Welbourn. Thomas Charles Lethbridge was born on	on	ADP	23	NUM	 23
He was a member of the Edmonton Town Council and for two terms, the mayor of Edmonton. Originally	Originally	ADV	a	DET	 a
In adults it results in a reduction of hospital admissions. Heliox, a mixture of helium and oxygen,	,	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
However, Quadras's main challenge was to make the film authentic and cinematic, explaining that he wrote the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Each year there is a central theme, and prizes are awarded based on creativity. Snowball softball tournaments are	are	AUX	held	VERB	 held
Following his BAFTA win, Mitchell was ranked at No. 53 in the 2009 MediaGuardian 100, an annual	annual	ADJ	ranking	NOUN	 ranking
However, here, the Court held that " borrowing of a state limitations period in these cases would be	be	AUX	inconsistent	ADJ	 inconsistent
Soon after its purchase of the Norfolk Street building, the Church Extension and Missionary Society discovered that the neighborhood	neighborhood	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Schindler is careful to maintain his friendship with Göth and, through bribery and lavish gifts, continues to enjoy	enjoy	VERB	SS	PROPN	 SS
Although it condemned lying, Garnet's treatise supported the notion that when questioned, for instance, on the	the	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
His successor, his eldest son Someshvara II, feuded with his younger brother, Vikramaditya VI, an ambitious	ambitious	ADJ	warrior	NOUN	 warrior
Skilling believed that if employees were constantly worried about cost, it would hinder original thinking. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
John Lydgate's Troy Book is an exception. Pandarus is one of the elements from Chaucer's poem that	that	PRON	Lydgate	NOUN	 Lydgate
It was filmed at a roller skating rink in Houston and it features Beyoncé's sister Solange Knowles, her	her	PRON	background	NOUN	 background
Immediately following the announcement, sales of this and Müller's other novels (five had been translated into English	English	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Banksia aemula is generally a gnarled shrub or small tree to 8 m (26 ft), although usually	usually	ADV	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
Once out of the hospital, Johnny Sack's daughter gets married and the Soprano family attends. There,	,	PUNCT	Tony	PROPN	 Tony
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club, New Directions, which competes on the show	show	NOUN	choir	NOUN	 choir
During this campaign, Diogenes constructed the fortress of Mylobos, as attested in a founder's inscription. The	The	DET	conquest	NOUN	 conquest
1632 – 38). They indicate an awareness of contemporaneous Dutch landscape painting. The Flemish artist Alexander Keirincx	Keirincx	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A passionate Beatles fan, Hughes makes multiple references to them and John Lennon in the script. During filming	filming	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Vegetarian cuisine in Mangalore, also known as Udupi cuisine, is known and liked throughout the state and region	region	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Morton ranked as one of the strongest members of the so called " stalwart " faction of the Republican party	party	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
" Waters commented: " it's about none of us really being there... [it] should have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
After the war, Moore returned to Melbourne, where he painted images from his Belsen sketches and photographs.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Since 2011, Paul has served in the United States Senate as a member of the Republican Party representing Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Starting in 2012, Federal began producing a new 5.7 × 28 mm round for civilian shooters, designated the	the	DET	AE5728A.	NOUN	 AE5728A.
The music for Final Fantasy was composed by Nobuo Uematsu and marked his 16th video game music composition. Iranian	Iranian	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
He wore a single large gold earring bearing a carbuncle and two pearls. Sviatoslav's mother, Olga,	,	PUNCT	converted	VERB	 converted
The episode ranked second in its timeslot and was also the highest rated NBC series of the night. Andy	Andy	PROPN	Bernard	PROPN	 Bernard
The video featured the three band members walking around Berkeley and San Francisco at night, eventually ending up back	back	ADV	at	ADP	 at
Three months later, the WDF began a limited raid, Operation Compass. The raid succeeded and was expanded	expanded	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Crown Equipment Corporation, headquartered in New Bremen, employs 8,300 residents in the state and is the 7th largest	largest	ADJ	manufacturer	NOUN	 manufacturer
The game was touted as a matchup between two of the top offenses in college football and was nationally televised	televised	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Furthermore, Pallas has a very high axial tilt of 84°, with its north pole pointing towards ecliptic	ecliptic	ADJ	coordinates	NOUN	 coordinates
Religious imagery is present throughout the record. " Until the End of the World " is an imagined conversation	conversation	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
On 5 March, the Indian government directed YouTube to block the video in India and YouTube complied with the	the	DET	order	NOUN	 order
Susan Yeagley, who previously appeared in " Beauty Pageant ", guest starred in " 94 Meetings " as	as	ADP	Jessica	PROPN	 Jessica
Timberlake described the track as " a rock techno ballad ". " My Love " was well received by	by	ADP	music	NOUN	 music
In a traditional Provençal crèche, the santons represent various characters from Provençal village life such as the scissors grinder	grinder	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Jewish synagogues Congregation Sons of Israel and Chabad Lubavitch of Briarcliff Manor & Ossining are in Chilmark. Saint Mary	Mary	PROPN	's	PART	's
These technologies were used to sequence the human genome in the Human Genome Project completed in 2003. New high	high	ADJ	throughput	NOUN	 throughput
Shen also refuses Pendrew's order to get off the case out of fear of Lee taking over the leadership	leadership	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A wide circle of abolitionists friendly to women's rights began in 1847 to discuss the possibility of holding a	a	DET	convention	NOUN	 convention
" Galentine's Day " was seen by more viewers than the previous week's episode " Sweetums ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
As the surveyed township roads were the easiest to travel, the first highway was designed on 90 degree,	,	PUNCT	right	ADJ	 right
For example, Dalton assumed that water's formula was HO, giving the atomic mass of oxygen was 8	8	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
While Ryūjō was under construction, Article Three of the London Naval Treaty of 1930 closed the above mentioned loophole	loophole	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The Rookies led by 3 at halftime, but Durant took over in the second half, scoring 30 of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Following a disagreement, Davies threw Lindwall his jumper, but the matter faded away and the bowler was not	not	PART	no	DET	 no
The aid had not materialized and the hetmans faced a superior Turkish and Tatar force led by Iskender Pasha.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Females can often breed until age 40, after which comes a rapid decrease in fertility. Orcas are not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
American expert on constitutional law Albert Blaustein called it the " world's second national constitution ", and American	American	ADJ	journalist	NOUN	 journalist
The Jersey Shore Area Joint Water Authority ’ s water filtration plant is on Larrys Creek, near the border	border	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Born in Winchester, Hampshire, in England, he immigrated to Canada in his late twenties, settling first	first	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Following the Battle of Sedgemoor, the Duke fled and spent the night of 6 July at Downside, a	a	DET	mile	NOUN	 mile
Brooks moved into feature film work when he wrote and co produced the 1979 film Starting Over. His next	next	ADJ	project	NOUN	 project
Quinn brought in Ed Valigursky as the art editor; he designed striking covers, including some wraparound artwork —	—	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Shell middens indicate that they also harvested shellfish from the coast. Although natural disasters such as floods, drought	drought	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Catt later used the teaching to good effect in leading the final drive to gain women the vote in 1920	1920	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Cleveland is home to the I. M. Pei designed Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, located on the Lake	Lake	PROPN	Erie	PROPN	 Erie
The song was written by Aguilera, Claude Kelly and C. " Tricky " Stewart, with production was handled	handled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Nelson sought recompense for the loss of the territory in the 1667 Treaty of Breda, but Tailer's efforts	efforts	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Originally released on 1 March 1973, on the label Harvest. It built on ideas explored in the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
The karmic inflow on account of yoga driven by passions and emotions cause a long term inflow of karma prolonging	prolonging	VERB	the	DET	 the
William and Gilla's daughters were Margaret, Clemence, and Sara, all of whom were unmarried at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
After a hiatus, Fox returned to WWE television on the July 15 episode of Main Event, losing to	to	ADP	Becky	PROPN	 Becky
They also considered that the multiple protagonist design " was a welcome change of pace " and could become a	a	DET	benchmark	NOUN	 benchmark
The album demonstrates yet another distinctive progression in West's musical style and approach to production. After spending the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
The monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda has its roots in the Spanish monarchy, under the authority of which the	the	DET	islands	NOUN	 islands
Billboard magazine also noted the song has an " unusually saucy groove ". According to Bob Waliszewski of Plugged	Plugged	PROPN	In	ADP	 In
There was a more positive result in the FA Cup however as a brace from Ched Evans helped the Blades	Blades	PROPN	ease	NOUN	 ease
The episode was written by the show's head writer and executive producer, Russell T Davies. He compared	compared	VERB	the	DET	 the
Normal limits for the game are US $2,000 per hand; Sinatra had been playing for US $8,000	8,000	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
This was accepted, and the incident was soon largely forgotten. Sobers regained his overwhelming popularity with West Indian	Indian	ADJ	cricket	NOUN	 cricket
He did so " to bridge the gap between the Brahmins and the non Brahmins and find an appropriate context	context	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The discovery of the new elements and the new data on neutron capture were initially kept secret on the orders	orders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Steinberg worked during the tour's pre production to show the group how to communicate their ideas all the way	way	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Among the most significant intellectual figures associated with Romanticism was Thomas Carlyle (1795 – 1881), born in	in	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
As a result, little in history was documented to give an accurate description of how female homosexuality is expressed	expressed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
That would have been bad leadership. Hartmann's last kill occurred over Brno, Czechoslovakia, on 8 May	May	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was named after her paternal great grandmother, who was born Princess Elisabeth of Prussia. Her paternal aunt	aunt	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
The company began in 1953 as Insta Burger King, a Jacksonville, Florida based restaurant chain. After Insta	Insta	PROPN	Burger	PROPN	 Burger
This will be the last time the band tour in support of The Blackening before writing the next album,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Rejection of xenotransplantated organs is thought to be, in part, the result of natural antibodies circulating in the	the	DET	serum	NOUN	 serum
Although the extended play was initially slated for an October 2 release, it was ultimately released on October 16	16	NUM	in	ADP	 in
" Sunsets " was mixed in Atlanta, Georgia, by Brendan OBrien, who had previously worked with DiDia	DiDia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A rather large mushroom, it may reach dimensions of up to 25 cm (9.8 in) broad by	by	ADP	20	NUM	 20
Having won the domestic league for the first time in four years, Wenger revealed the club's and his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Italy provided the Shelleys, Byron, and other exiles with a political freedom unattainable at home. Despite its	its	PRON	associations	NOUN	 associations
As a result, the Marines halted their attack for the night and prepared to resume it the next day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After the played on the Milwaukee Bucks ' 2013 NBA Summer League team, Shurna signed a 2 year contract	contract	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
It is also grown in plantations, as its bright and lightweight timber is highly sought after in European markets	markets	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Before the subsequent kickoff, Virginia Tech committed a 15 yard personal foul penalty, allowing Nebraska to kick off	off	ADP	from	ADP	 from
One of Carey's most high profile benefit concert appearances was on VH1's 1998 Divas Live special, during	during	ADP	which	PRON	 which
A Cornell Combined Heat & Power Project, which was completed in December 2009, shifted the central heating plant	plant	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The first two of these were on the judging panel for the 1863 competition. All the competitors had to	to	PART	set	VERB	 set
These are known as the Trojan asteroids, and are divided into Greek and Trojan " camps " to commemorate	commemorate	VERB	the	DET	 the
It revealed the presence of the solar wind and performed the first fly by of the planet Venus, although	although	SCONJ	contact	NOUN	 contact
The two form a plan, and then break free of the ropes and attack the aliens with their umbrellas	umbrellas	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time of the race, which commenced at 10.40am, there was a strong easterly wind. With	With	ADP	a	DET	 a
Of the top 10 rated hospitals in the city (top 12 in the state), 4 are Banner	Banner	PROPN	hospitals	NOUN	 hospitals
Maunsell had begun to research smoke deflection techniques to improve driver visibility on the King Arthur class between 1926 and	and	CCONJ	1927	NUM	 1927
Passing south of Westport, the freeway is routed along a peninsula in extreme southeastern Pawnee County, before crossing	crossing	VERB	Keystone	PROPN	 Keystone
The Israeli authorities took control of the springs, an important irrigation source. This move combined with increasing competition	competition	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Idaho offers a custom license plate featuring an Appaloosa horse, the first state to offer a plate featuring a	a	DET	state	NOUN	 state
Late in the first quarter, Nebraska narrowed the gap when Brandon Kinnie caught a 54 yard touchdown pass from	from	ADP	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
It is used for the instrument with which an action is carried out, for oblique objects of intransitive verbs	verbs	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Abra had agreed to turn around the hospital's struggling Acute Assessment Unit, and in return, Sutherland would	would	AUX	allow	VERB	 allow
Octavian made another bold move in 44 BC when, without official permission, he appropriated the annual tribute that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
At Unforgiven, Candice Michelle defeated Beth Phoenix to retain the WWE Women's Championship. Phoenix, however,	,	PUNCT	later	ADV	 later
The tensions escalated into the Croatian War of Independence when the Yugoslav People's Army and various Serb paramilitaries mobilized	mobilized	VERB	inside	ADP	 inside
The route has a cloverleaf interchange with Yardville Hamilton Square Road before passing near business parks and reaching a cloverleaf	cloverleaf	NOUN	junction	NOUN	 junction
Most of the ship's regular seamen were held prisoner at Corfu. They were subsequently encouraged to join the	the	DET	French	PROPN	 French
The agreement went into effect in 2012. t.co is a URL shortening service created by Twitter. It is	is	AUX	only	ADV	 only
General Westmoreland, who had already cancelled the truce in I Corps, requested that its ally cancel the upcoming	upcoming	ADJ	cease	NOUN	 cease
Sakamoto has expressed no interest in working on a Metroid movie himself, but stated he could support such a	a	DET	project	NOUN	 project
After redistricting, McEwen found himself running in a huge area stretching from Lebanon to Marietta. This new district	district	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Heavy rains fell at Guam, where amounts totalled between 254 millimetres (10.0 in) and 279 millimetres (	(	PUNCT	11.0	NUM	11.0
Melina kept control until Stratus fought back with forearm shots. Stratus pinned Melina after a diving bulldog to retain	retain	VERB	the	DET	 the
The areas of the world in which there is the greatest linguistic diversity, such as the Americas, Papua	Papua	PROPN	New	PROPN	 New
The Supreme Court considers subsections (b) and (c) to be " to separate crimes — or	or	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
The uninfected workers are sent down to the warehouse to avoid contracting lice. Darryl had recently manipulated the warehouse	warehouse	NOUN	foreman	NOUN	 foreman
Honoré IV died shortly after his throne was restored to him, and structural restoration of the palace began under	under	ADP	Honoré	PROPN	 Honoré
35 million years ago, a bolide impacted what is now eastern Virginia. The resulting crater may explain sinking	sinking	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They faced the Netherlands in the Round of 16; Dennis Bergkamp put the Dutch ahead on 11 minutes after	after	SCONJ	Marc	PROPN	 Marc
All four crewmen survived the incident, and the upper Anson was repaired and returned to flight service. No	No	INTJ	.	NOUN	.
In a 2008 report, the International Bar Association Human Rights Institute (" IBAHRI ") claimed that the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Major General Andriamihaja most likely fathered the queen's only son, Prince Rakoto (later King Radama II)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Major decisions were made by The Skinners ' Company, but its powers were restricted by the Charity Commissioners,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
New translations based on this work were published by Kenneth H. Jackson in 1969 and, with modernized Welsh text	text	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was originally constructed in 1607 – 1610, during the reign of Henry IV, as the corner pavilion	pavilion	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The 1999 local elections resulted in the party's first mayor as a direct result of an election, Terje	Terje	PROPN	Søviknes	PROPN	 Søviknes
Cumming returned to England in 1855 and on 22 May was appointed to HMS Glatton, an ironclad floating battery	battery	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He also was a member of the Edmonton Exhibition Association, Old Timers ' Association as well as a director	director	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
To persuade his fellow Politburo members of the risk posed by the mentally ill, Andropov circulated a report from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
That night the Japanese fell back from the position and the following day the Australians occupied Christmas Hills. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Owing to the importance of cellos and cello music in the narrative, Hisaishi emphasized the instrument in his soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The Wing has received numerous awards and recognitions, including unit citations from the Northeast Region Headquarters and National Headquarters	Headquarters	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The motion of material around the center indicates that Sagittarius A * harbors a massive, compact object. This	This	DET	concentration	NOUN	 concentration
The construction of Literary Hall was part of the society's effort to revive the organization and reassemble its original	original	ADJ	library	NOUN	 library
Switching jobs consumes " capacity points " which are awarded to the entire party following every battle, much like	like	ADP	gil	NOUN	 gil
Despite his dense and difficult prose, Innis was one of Canada's most original thinkers. He helped develop	develop	VERB	the	DET	 the
The number of ducks that died was originally reported at around 500, but in March 2009 Syncrude revealed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
McQuaid and O'Grady both felt that the absence of people along the course deprived the race of the atmosphere present	present	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
" the trunkline continues through the community of Good Hart up the Lake Michigan shoreline to the community of Cross	Cross	PROPN	Village	PROPN	 Village
It won " Best Current Affairs programme " at the 7th Irish Film and Television Awards in February 2010.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The two highways run along Grandview Parkway, a four lane boulevard on the shore of the West Arm of	of	ADP	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
On 24 October 2008, a jury found Lex Wotton, a two time councillor on the Palm Island Aboriginal	Aboriginal	PROPN	Shire	PROPN	 Shire
There are also praiseworthy activities, that include charity and pilgrimage to sanctuaries, and their subsequent rewards. The	The	DET	pains	NOUN	 pains
Blondeau returned to France following Cromwell's death, but he was summoned to return to London in 1661 following	following	VERB	an	DET	 an
She offers a book and globe to the people of her state, promising a bright future. She is	is	AUX	surrounded	VERB	 surrounded
The Illinois Supreme Court reversed the circuit court decision, ruling that the retainer was the property of DLA Piper	Piper	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Bradbury Robinson, playing for visionary coach Eddie Cochems at St. Louis University, threw the first legal pass in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Milutin's response to Shishman's act of aggression was much more successful. His counter attack resulted in Serbian	Serbian	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
Originally, the top finisher in the league at the end of the season was supposed to receive home field	field	NOUN	advantage	NOUN	 advantage
Similar messages would be expected following the 08: 19 handshake but none were received, supporting the fuel starvation	starvation	NOUN	scenario	NOUN	 scenario
For the 2011 Belgian Grand Prix, Schumacher's 20th anniversary in Formula One, he wore a commemorative gold	gold	NOUN	leafed	VERB	 leafed
Watson was to map out a number of lots in the area including the western boundary for Beverley town site	site	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The festival praised the game's " fluid controls, unique, non linear gameplay, and vibrant hand drawn	drawn	VERB	storybook	NOUN	 storybook
In the United States, " What Makes You Beautiful " became the highest Billboard Hot 100 debut for a	a	DET	British	ADJ	 British
The X 10 semiworks operated as a plutonium production plant until January 1945, when it was turned over to	to	ADP	research	NOUN	 research
Since it is easier for a snake's tongue to fulfill its olfactory function under water, its action is	is	AUX	short	ADJ	 short
Jon Lauckner, a Vice President at General Motors, responded that the study did not consider the inconvenience of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Moreover, he believed that the proposed fleet would be inadequate given the rapid naval expansion being undertaken by the	the	DET	major	ADJ	 major
From Jongkind, Monet learned to substitute optical color for local color. " Complementing the teaching I received from	from	ADP	Boudin	PROPN	 Boudin
A 2000 study argued for the elevation of the two forms into separate species (L. africana and L. cyclotis	cyclotis	PROPN	respectively	ADV	 respectively
The historian Michael Wood has suggested that before the arrival of Wuffa's dynasty in Britain, it had been	been	AUX	founded	VERB	 founded
Buildings, as defined by the National Register, are distinguished in the traditional sense. Examples include a house	house	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Nescopeck Mountain Barrens are a ridgetop dwarf tree forest natural community. The barrens consist of scrub oaks,	,	PUNCT	hairgrass	NOUN	 hairgrass
Burroughs saw in the panels the hand of an expressive artist, " all nerves and sensibilities ", overcome	overcome	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Chris Carter described the " Colony " and " End Game " two parter as the " backbone of the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Instead, in March 1942 the Japanese military adopted a strategy of isolating Australia from the United States by capturing	capturing	VERB	Port	PROPN	 Port
It is surrounded by many other large towns and cities which can be seen on this directional compass: In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since different neuronal cell types are neatly organized into layers in the hippocampus, it has frequently been used as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Schumacher retired from Formula One driving in 2006 staying with Ferrari as an advisor. He came close to an	an	DET	eighth	ADJ	 eighth
The plaintiff, McCausland, cited that the need for the sixty eight trains was " additional but unnecessary "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Eventually, Rama takes jaina diksha (converts to Digambara monk), becomes an ascetic and attains nirvana (	(	PUNCT	enlightenment	PROPN	enlightenment
Chords can not be shifted diagonally without changing finger patterns. Standard tuning has four finger patterns for musical intervals	intervals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Back at the hotel a mêlée erupted; fire extinguishers were set off, guests (and objects) thrown	thrown	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The hotel was built by Sir Thomas Morgan, during the reign of Charles I. Cardiff Arms Park was named	named	VERB	after	ADP	 after
A series of popes sided with and became financial supporters of the Catholic League. This ended under Pope Clement	Clement	PROPN	VIII	PROPN	 VIII
She returned to Los Angeles to perform the part of Princess Tiger Lily in Peter Pan. Both films were	were	AUX	shot	VERB	 shot
During the first year of racing the main spectator stand collapsed, injuring many spectators. In 1876 events were	were	AUX	moved	VERB	 moved
The funds for supporting the agency supervising adherence to these regulations were to be raised through an increase in the	the	DET	price	NOUN	 price
Þorgerðr and Irpa appear together in Jómsvíkinga saga, Njáls saga and Þorleifs þáttr jarlsskálds. Irpa does not appear	appear	VERB	outside	ADV	 outside
Vanadinite is a lead chlorovanadate with the chemical formula Pb5 (VO4) 3Cl. It is composed (by	by	ADP	weight	NOUN	 weight
The tour started on Friday, 23 October in the Sportpaleis Antwerp. Roxette were due to play the Night	Night	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The word originates from around 1375 to 1376, coming from the Middle English term kype, meaning basket or	or	CCONJ	cask	NOUN	 cask
The new line ran from Devil's Den, northwest to the Sherfy farm's Peach Orchard, then northeast	northeast	ADV	along	ADP	 along
The commemoration of the Reformation quickly died out before the Thirty Years War. The content of the liturgical calendar	calendar	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The village has been recorded as a distinct parish unit for the purpose of census statistics since the first United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
But as of 2011, its operations were run by the board and three volunteer directors. All One In	In	ADP	Ten	NUM	 Ten
" Another journalist, reviewing the Penzance episode in the North Devon Journal commented: " Why do we like	like	VERB	programmes	NOUN	 programmes
Another story reports that Murrell took to his death bed aware of his oncoming demise, informing his daughter to	to	PART	turn	VERB	 turn
In addition, most dinosaurs are known solely from bones and can only be evaluated from a morphological standpoint,	,	PUNCT	whereas	SCONJ	 whereas
Other characters Masaki Ichijo is a first year student from Third High School and the successor to the Ichijo clan	clan	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Rubidium forms peroxides on exposure even to small amount of air diffused into the oil, and storage is subject	subject	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In 2001, the American Film Institute ranked Jurassic Park as the 35th most thrilling film of American cinema.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
So for me to be taught all these techniques by a guitarist of Paco's caliber was an incredible stroke	stroke	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Her throat was cut from left to right. She had been disembowelled, and her intestines had been thrown	thrown	VERB	out	ADP	 out
If any primary shows a notch or emargination, this is noted, and the distance between the feather's	's	PART	tip	NOUN	 tip
Holt offered the Caterpillar 45 and Best introduced his C. L. Best Model 40 " Tracklayer ". Benjamin Holt	Holt	PROPN	aggressively	ADV	 aggressively
The seventeenth named storm and ninth hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Rafael originated from a tropical wave roughly	roughly	ADV	230	NUM	 230
That evening, she confided the affair to her landlady. On October 31, 1932, she had dinner	dinner	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Some of Dunmore's troops had fortified the north side of the bridge, so Woodford began entrenching the position	position	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Landladies took exception to his habit of visiting their female tenants at all hours of the night. Commentators have	have	AUX	found	VERB	 found
This environment was created in the mid eighteenth century by the patronage of Jan Klemens Branicki for the arts and	and	CCONJ	sciences	NOUN	 sciences
Bassist Klaus Voormann has stated that Harrison's Friar Park home studio in Oxfordshire was the true location, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The tourists were effectively seven wickets down with the injured Sam Loxton unable to bat, but Neil Harvey and	and	CCONJ	Don	PROPN	 Don
In 2013 – 14, he again won the Hart Memorial Trophy as well as the Art Ross Trophy and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Shannon's findings were acquired by Gerry Armstrong, a Scientologist who had been appointed Hubbard's official archivist.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Rally Point: A " King of the Hill " -styled match, in which players secure a rally point	point	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At St Luke's, he transitioned from being " curable " to " incurable ", and was moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Shortly after, the storm likely attained its peak intensity as a high end Category 1 hurricane, with winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The anemoscope, in contrast, was a complex mechanism attached to the ceiling which was used to measure the	the	DET	strength	NOUN	 strength
The ribs start from the cream colored stem and extend almost to the edge of the fruit body. The	The	DET	stem	NOUN	 stem
More recent coverage was given in London 3: North West, the revision to the Buildings of England guide	guide	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Simpsons ' season nine episode " Trash of the Titans ", which aired on April 26, 1998	1998	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 1934, the Old War Horse Memorial Hospital was opened by the trust, and is estimated to have	have	AUX	helped	VERB	 helped
When he was elbowed by Juventus midfielder Felipe Melo in the shoulder, Balotelli fell theatrically onto the pitch,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
These donations and fund raisers are how the squadrons and groups pay for their equipment, rent for facilities,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On Lotus, Aguilera worked with new producers, notably Alex da Kid and Max Martin. Alex da Kid	Kid	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cyclically, the main characters of Candide conclude the novel in a garden of their own making, one which	which	PRON	might	AUX	 might
Where grass is not tall enough at the start of the season, the first nest may be constructed in	in	ADP	herby	NOUN	 herby
METAR reports typically come from airports or permanent weather observation stations. Reports are generated once an hour; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Now realizing that Stanley is possibly having an affair and he is the first person to learn of it,	,	PUNCT	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
Procellariids, as well as having strong natal philopatry, exhibit strong site fidelity, returning to the same nesting	nesting	VERB	site	NOUN	 site
Damage to the nerve at lower motor neuron level may lead to fasciculations or atrophy of the muscles of the	the	DET	tongue	NOUN	 tongue
As had been the case with several previous films in the series, an entirely original story was required as	as	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Filmed in the same Mojave Desert locations as the original 1926 version with Ronald Colman, Beau Geste provided Cooper	Cooper	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Later, these parties would often occur late in the evening after Grossmith performed at the Savoy Theatre. In	In	ADP	1876	NUM	 1876
Following a career hiatus that reignited her creativity, Beyoncé was inspired to create a record with a basis in	in	ADP	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
Dave Kehr, writing in the Chicago Reader, called the film a brilliant work of popular art that redefined	redefined	VERB	nostalgia	NOUN	 nostalgia
In 1974 the town was transferred from the county of Hampshire to Dorset following local government reorganisation and was granted	granted	VERB	borough	NOUN	 borough
The Ice Warriors ' costume was improved but not significantly redesigned, as the production team felt they were not	not	PART	well	ADV	 well
It took Asashōryū only 23 tournaments from his professional debut to win his first top division title, the fastest	fastest	ADJ	ever	ADV	 ever
It may be that this plant also relies on an internal food web for soft tissue digestion. The same	same	ADJ	could	AUX	 could
Other tall buildings include the Hotel Presidential opened on August 1963. The seven story building contains 100 rooms and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The restaurant scene, which is featured in the trailer and in promotional screenshots, was shot in the Regent	Regent	PROPN	Restaurant	PROPN	 Restaurant
Prior to the establishment of Obsidian, they worked for Interplay Entertainment's subsidiary Black Isle Studios. At Black	Black	PROPN	Isle	PROPN	 Isle
All these Jefferson descendants learned in the 1970s of their true descent from Eston Hemings, Sally Hemings and Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Jefferson	PROPN	 Jefferson
The songs have since become among the most critically and popularly acclaimed elements of the show, especially among its	its	PRON	adult	NOUN	 adult
He took his artistic models from other series of the " Times of Day ", " The Seasons "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Any concerns that she was simply one dimensional were alleviated for the actress when writers developed the character through her	her	PRON	relationships	NOUN	 relationships
Foxes are a problematic invasive species in all other Australian states and, if established in Tasmania, they would	would	AUX	both	ADV	 both
Charles V of France maintained the terms of the treaty of Brétigny but encouraged others in Aquitaine to challenge the	the	DET	authority	NOUN	 authority
Twenty five martyrs from the conflict would eventually be canonized, including six knights. Several decades later, in	in	ADP	1954	NUM	 1954
Western historian and author John Boessenecker describes Earp as an " enigmatic figure... He always lived on the outer	outer	ADJ	fringe	NOUN	 fringe
Hein Verbruggen, chairman of the IOC Coordination Commission for the XXIX Olympiad, called the ceremony " a grand	grand	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The ship struck an extinct underwater volcano, which rose some 1,000 m (3,300 ft) above the surrounding	surrounding	VERB	abyssal	NOUN	 abyssal
Meanwhile, the howitzers had continued to support the paratroopers, and by 05: 50 the two guns had	had	AUX	fired	VERB	 fired
37 49) originated (as to how they developed in Mohammedan legends see Damiri, " Ḥayat al Ḥayawan	Ḥayawan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The station signed a number of sponsorship deals with companies such as Tetley Tea and ATS Euromaster, and held	held	VERB	annual	ADJ	 annual
He was unimpressed by purely virtuoso pianists, saying, " the greater they are, the worse they play	play	VERB	me	PRON	 me
Fanning worked with producer Tchad Blake in both sessions. To support the album's release Fanning toured Australia twice	twice	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Harappan settlements can be found as well in Rakhigarhi. The site covers 2180 hectares, making it the largest	largest	ADJ	Harappan	PROPN	 Harappan
Sigmodontinae is the largest subfamily of the family Cricetidae, other members of which include voles, lemmings, hamsters	hamsters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Since 2012, the Mariners have worn special pink kits for one match in October to raise money and awareness	awareness	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The ship was placed in reserve in 1885, but returned to active duty the following year for training exercises	exercises	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Abi is defensive of her father and she argues with Kirsty about it, blaming her for her family's	's	PART	breakdown	NOUN	 breakdown
Part of Special Operations Command (SOCOMD), the 2nd Commando Regiment is one of three combat capable units	units	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
In the final game of the series, he scored his first Test hundred, opening the batting and sharing	sharing	VERB	a	DET	 a
The first settlement led to the foundation of Sydney, and the exploration and settlement of other regions. A	A	DET	British	ADJ	 British
" The courage of the martyrs led to a popular sentiment against the authorities who now felt it necessary to	to	PART	draft	VERB	 draft
Diving cylinders have also been referred to as bottles or flasks, usually with one of the epithets scuba,	,	PUNCT	diving	NOUN	 diving
Here is the definition of a word EMIT Q which when executed emits the single character Q:: EMIT	EMIT	PROPN	Q	NOUN	 Q
Resident Evil is a survival horror game where the player controls the on screen character from a third person perspective	perspective	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Osborn diagnosed his taxa on the basis of features of the teeth and snout. However, modern taxonomists find	find	VERB	these	DET	 these
The 2007 season brought the opening of Dick's Sporting Goods Park for the Colorado Rapids and BMO Field for	for	ADP	Toronto	PROPN	 Toronto
Under the French, tunnels were constructed through two of the city's largest hills, connecting disparate districts and	and	CCONJ	facilitating	VERB	 facilitating
Some people were casting da others composed poems. Murasaki Shikibu then praises Fujiwara no Kintō's repartee and skills	skills	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The group that ate only white rice documented 161 crew members with beriberi and 25 deaths, while the latter	latter	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
Deer and other large ungulates are a hazard to traffic resulting in potential animal or human deaths, especially in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The emigrants killed seventeen Mohave warriors. The incident was widely publicized in the media and labeled " a massacre	massacre	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
At this time, the campaign released two controversial television advertisements, juxtaposing a smiling Humphrey with images of the	the	DET	Vietnam	PROPN	 Vietnam
The specific epithet is derived from the Latin pungens, and refers to the pungent aroma of the fruit bodies	bodies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1996 martial arts film Book of Swords, there is a nod / tribute to Mileena in a	a	DET	minor	ADJ	 minor
According to Miles Marshall Lewis of The Village Voice, the song contains elements of the work of Nile Rodgers	Rodgers	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As long ago as the 1890s, and throughout much of the club's early history, a change strip	strip	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The extra point gave Michigan a 14 – 7 lead. Appalachian State started their drive with 3: 09	09	NUM	left	VERB	 left
The stage saw Valverde suffer a punctured tyre and lose almost ten minutes, struggling to match the pace set	set	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Idol wished to use Blendo imagery on massive television screens behind the stage to rapidly shift in time with the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
Other instances have seen one of Cushing's parlors converted to a quad dorm used to house students temporarily when	when	SCONJ	no	DET	 no
You must not expect a variety of dishes from a Welsh kitchen, and there are no highly seasoned titbits	titbits	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Once it has found a carcass, the king vulture displaces the other vultures because of its large size and	and	CCONJ	strong	ADJ	 strong
He was, truly, a man who was ahead of his time. I think it is particularly appropriate	appropriate	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
I mean, I was 10. " Her performance earned her the MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance	Performance	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the advert, " Rihanna wears a short blonde wig and enters a vintage car with a bag of	of	ADP	clothing	NOUN	 clothing
SheiKra operates with several identical trains made from steel and fiberglass which are three times wider than the track.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The Omiš Kačićs are mentioned for the last time in 1294, when the Venetians wrote to Dubrovnik residents seeking	seeking	VERB	compensation	NOUN	 compensation
Henry crossed into Normandy in 1115 and assembled the Norman barons to swear loyalty; he also almost successfully negotiated	negotiated	VERB	a	DET	 a
She describes their remixing of popular culture sources as an " explicitly creative process ", maintaining that it prompts	prompts	VERB	the	DET	 the
In her later career, Kai returned briefly to the WWF in 1994, challenging for the Women's Championship	Championship	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Litchfield was relieved by Captain R. A. Ewing on 19 January 1953; the ship departed the next day for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Historian Reed Browning describes the British Cartagena expedition as " stupidly disastrous " and quotes Horace Walpole, whose father	father	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As in Orkney and Shetland, Pictish seems to have been entirely replaced wherever the Norse encountered it. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The majority of the Polish leadership, backed by both the army and the Internal Security Corps, brought Gomułka	Gomułka	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Rudin considered casting Anne Heche as Hank's wife Sarah Mitchell. Boorman took part in location scouting,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Æthelberht's code makes reference to the church in the very first item, which enumerates the compensation required for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Panorama Sector possesses 53 architectural groups, 34 of which are in the periphery, together with a causeway.	.	PUNCT	Of	ADP	 Of
It was released in North America on June 22, 2010 and in PAL regions on June 25, 2010	2010	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Lacking any reserves and possessing only limited artillery support, the division's engineers prepared the bridges over the rivers	rivers	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Major League Baseball Veterans Committee chose Chandler for induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982. In	In	ADP	1987	NUM	 1987
Despite stormy seas, Kroonland was able to take aboard 89 survivors, for which captain and crew received accolades	accolades	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Further heavy and often confusing fighting continued, with several companies of 3rd Parachute Battalion having to be attached to	to	ADP	2nd	PROPN	 2nd
The song reached # 1 on the Billboard charts in 1952, and on the Cash Box Magazine chart at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition, abandoned cars blocked the path of utility workers. Following the storm, President Bill Clinton declared	declared	VERB	Broward	PROPN	 Broward
Robbie Daw wrote that the video gave him " chills ". He also commented on the use of product	product	NOUN	placement	NOUN	 placement
Hawkhurst bound passengers had to change at Paddock Wood and cross over to the bay platform for the branch service	service	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The ship was armed with a main battery of nine 10 cm (3.9 in) guns, and six	six	NUM	53.3	NUM	 53.3
Maxwell first gained recognition as one of the British captains involved in the successful Adriatic campaign of 1807 – 1814	1814	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Through the ensuing night La Ferté requested and received supporting fire from Chesnois to suppress German movements on top of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During January and February 1944 the squadron conducted offensive sweeps over New Britain, strafed Japanese positions and escorted Allied	Allied	ADJ	bombers	NOUN	 bombers
He was cast as a security redshirt. While Gerrold was on set, he also advised director Jonathan West	West	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The only known user of this kekkei genkai is Guren, who appears in the anime only Three Tails Arc	Arc	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The extra point attempt was good, and with 30 seconds remaining in the quarter, Tech narrowed Florida State	State	PROPN	's	PART	's
Only the 13th Cavalry Brigade was therefore available to attack 5th Cavalry Division's objective at Nazareth. This brigade	brigade	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" He felt that Newman " came to fulfil the role of the drama impresario with the vision to push	push	VERB	people	NOUN	 people
On 24 – 25 April 1916, Schlesien and her sisters joined the dreadnoughts of the High Seas Fleet to	to	PART	support	VERB	 support
The Chief fights alongside the Arbiter, a disgraced Covenant Elite commander. Two other Elite characters, N'tho '	'	PART	Sraom	PROPN	 Sraom
During rehearsals, Dylan had been told by CBS television's head of program practices that " Talkin ' John	John	PROPN	Birch	PROPN	 Birch
The fifth game, Dual Destinies, was released in 2013, and a sixth game, Spirit of Justice	Justice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In February 1946, Brown was posted to the Operations Division of the Air Training Command at Barksdale Field,	,	PUNCT	Louisiana	PROPN	 Louisiana
Both teams entered the competition in the third round, the entry point for First Division clubs. Bolton Wanderers	Wanderers	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Babe Ruth hit the new stadium's first home run, christening the stadium as " the House that Ruth	Ruth	PROPN	Built	VERB	 Built
Their casemates were plated over to improve seakeeping and the four 3 pounder guns displaced by the transfer were landed	landed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Brief bursts of machine gun fire dispatched four Focke Wulf Fw 56 trainers — two falling to MacLachlan. Their	Their	PRON	victims	NOUN	 victims
Puccini had long considered writing a set of one act operas which would be performed together in a single evening	evening	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In this way, Benjamin Mountfort's achievement was to make his favoured style of architecture synonymous with the identity	identity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the First World War she participated in the Battle of Heligoland Bight in a minor role as she was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
A small number of Nez Perce fighters, probably fewer than 200, successfully held off larger forces of the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The first phase of the project involved a new corporate logo, the second phase included the complete redesign of	of	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
She additionally charted on the Billboard 200 with The Fame at number 12 and The Fame Monster at number 27	27	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Romerson served in the 25th for a full three year term fighting in the American Indian Wars along the Texas	Texas	PROPN	frontier	NOUN	 frontier
In the first inning, he hit a 2 run home run to center, followed by a single and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The obscurity of the location was underscored at the closing ceremonies of the 1956 Winter Olympics. Traditionally the mayor	mayor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She preferred the company of young architects, artists, musicians and writers, though she could be curt towards	towards	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Deal's musical background was folk music and country; she had formed a country folk band with her sister	sister	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Just over a week later, on November 22, a skirmish in the Ninigo Islands brought Morrell another captive	captive	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" I couldn't believe it was happening. Casablanca had been my creation; Jack had absolutely nothing to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
Sigma seizes control of a small island, driving out all human occupants. Claiming that the humans are inferior	inferior	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
After basic training, he enrolled in Officer Candidate School at the Fort Custer Training Center in Michigan. He	He	PRON	studied	VERB	 studied
" In addition to " futurist ", Ornstein was also sometimes labeled — along with Cowell and others in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In an interview with NME, Gaga explained that the main inspiration behind the song was singer Whitney Houston and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
Soon, she starts an affair with a publisher, Mark (Sean Pertwee), which is revealed to	to	ADP	David	PROPN	 David
Khan has said of her government's reaction: A conservative Muslim society has preferred to throw a veil of	of	ADP	negligence	NOUN	 negligence
Patrols off the east coast resumed for the first half of 1913. On 6 July, she steamed out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The " snags " proved to be minor and by September, the prototype was cleared to perform at the	the	DET	1952	NUM	 1952
Because of this, Rimsky Korsakov has been accused of pedantry in " correcting ", among other things,	,	PUNCT	matters	NOUN	 matters
Chaplin lost a lawsuit to Padilla for not crediting him. City Lights was immediately successful upon release on January	January	PROPN	30	NUM	 30
It was behind Cyclone Alibera in 1989 and Cyclone Georgette in 1968, the latter of which lasted 24 days	days	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Nintendo DS remake of Dragon Quest IV was released in North America, Europe, and Australia under its	its	PRON	original	ADJ	 original
Conversely, the PC version sold 32,500 after six months on shelves. Escape from Butcher Bay's gameplay was	was	AUX	compared	VERB	 compared
On the 1971 tour, John played in all four Tests, playing some of his finest rugby and finishing	finishing	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Network Rail indicated that three car trains run initially, with the possibility of six car formations using Class 170s	170s	NOUN	cascaded	VERB	 cascaded
Critics and fans were divided on voice actor Taylor's portrayal of the character, however. Several types of	of	ADP	merchandise	NOUN	 merchandise
Tony! Toni! Toné! -member Raphael Saadiq later embarked on a solo career and produced various works of	of	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Holmes returned to Australia in early 1915 and re enlisted in the AIF, as did most of his men	men	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The biography was an immediate commercial success; it was on the New York Times bestseller list for thirteen weeks	weeks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Cagney himself acknowledged the importance of the walkout for other actors in breaking the dominance of the studio system	system	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In January 2009, hundreds of Millwall fans perceived as " high risk " individuals gained access to an FA	FA	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
At the behest of Cady, Hashimoto took both a Japanese civil oath and an U.S. Navy oath so he	he	PRON	could	AUX	 could
They walk with so much Stateliness and good Grace, that one can not help admiring them and loving them	them	PRON	;	PUNCT	;
" Search Committee " was the seventh most watched scripted show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18	18	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
There he was released from captivity on 25 December 1949. This relatively early release was perceived by many to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
For each class taken in the fall term, freshmen transcripts will either report only that the class was passed	passed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Granderson became the Tigers starting center fielder for the 2006 season after beating out Nook Logan for the position during	during	ADP	spring	NOUN	 spring
Reubens was born Paul Rubenfeld in Peekskill, New York, and grew up in Sarasota, Florida, where	where	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Just as the British Board of Film Classification had already banned the theatrical version, the BBFC banned the home	home	NOUN	version	NOUN	 version
A schedule, primarily involving a song shoot, was captured in the Khalid Bin Al Waheed station in Dubai	Dubai	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
DNA studies may in the future help scientists prove seamounts are indeed sources of larvae for their surrounding seafloor.	.	PUNCT	Davidson	PROPN	 Davidson
" Stuart Buck, a lawyer, also explored this issue in Acting White: The Ironic Legacy of Desegregation	Desegregation	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
His literary career began in 1879, when the B.O.P. was launched. The family were staunchly Christian, pillars	pillars	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1998, the NPS stated its purpose for the historic site:... to preserve unimpaired the cultural resources	resources	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
And generally these cultures encourage women to have long hair and men to have short hair. The Taliban in	in	ADP	Afghanistan	PROPN	 Afghanistan
It reached a peak of number 64 on the chart and was present for a total of seven weeks only	only	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
On 26 November 1897, details of a bill proposed for the 1898 parliamentary session were published by the New	New	PROPN	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
He finished the season averaging 9.5 points per game, fifth best on the team. Following the season,	,	PUNCT	Dunham	PROPN	 Dunham
Unwilling to believe Parizeau had given up his leadership role voluntarily, most in the " No " camp and	and	CCONJ	Ottawa	PROPN	 Ottawa
' " This gained further resonance when Reagan described the Soviet Union as an " evil empire ". In	In	ADP	2013	NUM	 2013
Raymond finished with two goals and an assist in 10 post season contests. Midway through the 2009 – 10	10	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Suddenly he was hit and driven back in a tackle from opponent Mick Skinner, a tackle which changed the	the	DET	momentum	NOUN	 momentum
The large island of Anglesey lies off the northwest coast, separated from mainland Wales by the Menai Strait,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It moved northwestward, and entered a high shear environment due to an upper level low situated toward the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One replacement analyst was planned, and early candidates included Ricky Bottalico, Mitch Williams, John Kruk, Chris	Chris	PROPN	Coste	PROPN	 Coste
This reduced the length of the flight deck by 2 meters (6 ft 7 in). Aircraft were	were	AUX	transported	VERB	 transported
" In Playboy, Robert Christgau claimed that while listeners unfamiliar with its style of music would not find the	the	DET	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
The chapter headings, too, are all literary allusions. The first chapter, " Old Father, Old	Old	PROPN	Artificer	PROPN	 Artificer
In: Zitig (online magazine), Vienna 2008 " Was blieb vom Weißen Ritter? "; essay	essay	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
By 2009, the congregation had decided to erect a new synagogue on land it had purchased from Gates of	of	ADP	Prayer	PROPN	 Prayer
" Sue Nott was the executive producer of the second series for CBBC. In December 2007, the BBC	BBC	PROPN	released	VERB	 released
Crabb disappeared in Portsmouth Harbour and was never seen again. As well as having Buster Crabb in mind,	,	PUNCT	Fleming	PROPN	 Fleming
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on September 24, 2009. In the episode, Leslie	Leslie	PROPN	conducts	VERB	 conducts
Hergé himself helped to create two stage plays, collaborating with humourist Jacques Van Melkebeke. Tintin in the Indies	Indies	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
" He also praised the Hilary Swank subplot as funny and a realistic conversation topic among officemates, although he	he	PRON	admitted	VERB	 admitted
Its abolition was a delicate subject. Slaves were used by everyone, from the richest to the poorest.	.	PUNCT	Pedro	PROPN	 Pedro
The Ampera has an additional option, the " City Mode " or " battery hold ", allowing the	the	DET	driver	NOUN	 driver
Meneval, in command of about 70 men and a fort in disrepair, promptly negotiated terms of capitulation.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Mason recalled that the sessions were trouble free. Smith disagreed, stating that Barrett was unresponsive to his suggestions	suggestions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The third and fourth segments are the same length as each other, although they are longer than the second	second	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The pair eventually built a relationship with Aguilera and her family, offering her studio time. They told her	her	PRON	that	SCONJ	 that
They would then jump or be pushed into the water, often in freezing conditions, while fully clothed and	and	CCONJ	with	ADP	 with
" Regarding the creative process, guitarist Stone Gossard said that while playing alone " the anal retentive side of	of	ADP	you	PRON	 you
Indian non governmental organization, Bachpan Bachao Andolan, said she had not been part of the raid mentioned and	and	CCONJ	threatened	VERB	 threatened
The role twice gained Nesbitt Best Actor nominations at the Irish Film & Television Awards (IFTA). In	In	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
The song appeared on MySpace alongside a remix of " From December " later that year. In March 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Although the entire distance between Sarnia and London is subject to occasional snow squalls and whiteout conditions, they usually	usually	ADV	dissipate	VERB	 dissipate
According to Rhys, the music of " Sarn Helen " was written to provide the soundtrack to a fictional	fictional	ADJ	journey	NOUN	 journey
In the note, Woelper requested Nicola's arrest. Nicola sent letters about the situation to Washington, who	who	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
Rollin had seen his previous show, which played on theatrical " flops ", and told Tsamere that he	he	PRON	could	AUX	 could
To enhance pilot awareness, artificial feel was built into the flight controls, such as the centrally located stick	stick	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
At 17: 40, West Bridge's engine broke down once again and her crew was unable to repair	repair	VERB	it	PRON	 it
At that time, a speech synthesis demonstration was being performed by physicist John Larry Kelly, Jr., by	by	ADP	using	VERB	 using
Delrina was a catalyst for entrepreneurial talent and greatness, as many of the principals and employees of Delrina went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
W. H. Bryson argues that this happened during the reign of Edward I. By 1590 the Exchequer's jurisdiction over	over	ADP	equity	NOUN	 equity
With the move to Los Angeles, many changes behind the scenes occurred, as much of the original The	The	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
This has come as a surprise to analysts who had considered the possibility of Egypt acquiring the JF 17 to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Particularly important is the ability to sequester iron, which is the function of iron binding proteins such as transferrin	transferrin	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to racial segregation, musicians such as Cab Calloway stayed at Myrtle Washington's at 22nd and Willis,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
In 2001, Falle began counselling women in prostitution at Streetlight Support Services, and counselled more than 800 women	women	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He also praised the visuals as " absolutely breathtaking, " and that the " game moves beautifully throughout,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
To some, this assumption was a challenge and for years, C. E. Rusk searched for a way to	to	PART	climb	VERB	 climb
Route 1 approached Purchase Street from the west on Westchester Avenue and continued north from Armonk on what is now	now	ADV	NY	PROPN	 NY
When Reinsdorf signed Jordan after Jordan's announcement that he wanted to play baseball, many thought Jordan's drawing	drawing	NOUN	power	NOUN	 power
That they abandon him, lost in their pursuit of social status, only adds to his misery. The	The	DET	end	NOUN	 end
This style was later refined and popularised in the mid 1970s by bands like Thin Lizzy and Judas Priest,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He expressed confusion at how the time shift worked and thought the problem was too thin to carry out the	the	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
Writers for TV Week branded Rhys a " handsome doc " and a " selfish surgeon to be. "	"	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The car was available in a metallic or pearlescent finish. Code Red / Code White was released in January	January	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
Every shot is decapitation or nudity. It's so ridiculous, it's absurd. It's just so	so	ADV	wrong	ADJ	 wrong
This former alignment of MD 404 is now known as Saathoff Road and has the unsigned MD 485 designation.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
As of 2012, many new private hospitals of various sizes were opened or being built. Hyderabad also has	has	VERB	outpatient	NOUN	 outpatient
In 2007, Tony Blair resigned as Prime Minister and Labour Leader and Brown was chosen to replace him in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
His political plan was to end the uprising at all costs and return to status quo ante, with himself	himself	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Its survival owed much to the rise of Romanticism in the 18th century. The portrayal of ruined buildings in	in	ADP	idealised	VERB	 idealised
Rozhestvensky led his squadron, including Imperator Alexandr III, down the Atlantic coast of Africa, rounding Cape Horn	Horn	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The musicians did not meet or socialise after their daily work at the Record Plant. At the time,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It was divided into four acts: Pimp, where S & M was the main theme, Old School	School	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
Meanwhile, the expansion of the commitment in Korea to two battalions resulted in the establishment of a regimental depot	depot	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The Viscount's title originates from the town of Falkland, Scotland, whose name comes from " folkland "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
The continual gauntlets of number two are relieved by the third piece in the set, an " introspective rêverie	rêverie	NOUN	[	X	 [
The caps of the C. lateritius fruit bodies typically range between 2 to 9 cm (0.8 to 3.5 in	in	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
The Associated Press named LocoRoco its handheld game of the year for 2006. Prior to its release in North	North	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
Darth Vader flies a TIE Advanced in Star Wars. The Empire Strikes Back introduces a TIE shuttle and TIE	TIE	PROPN	bombers	NOUN	 bombers
An accident investigation board, called an " AFR 110 14 Investigation, " released a separate report in 1995	1995	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The risk of transmission from sharing needles appears limited. It is not generally possible to contract syphilis through toilet	toilet	NOUN	seats	NOUN	 seats
It also tied his success to that of the Senate, whose support he would need in his advance on	on	ADP	Rome	PROPN	 Rome
Bands such as Blackfeather and Madder Lake combined mainstream and progressive rock. Most pop and rock listeners had never	never	ADV	heard	VERB	 heard
Emma tells Ashley that she knows how it feels to have a baby at a young age. She encourages	encourages	VERB	Ashley	PROPN	 Ashley
... Finally, she suggested that her son return to his sister in the United States... Tanzler's account	account	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the UK C. A. Lejeune of The Observer called it " The most exciting film that has come out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Alan Baker broadly agrees, stating, " There is no evidence that this was common practice among gladiators.	.	PUNCT	As	ADV	 As
Since the interior is hardly changed other than the seats, those criticisms remain. Of the interior in the	the	DET	turbocharged	VERB	 turbocharged
It was released on December 14, 2005 in Germany and on December 16 in the United States, and	and	CCONJ	made	VERB	 made
He filed for a divorce in 2007, which was granted in 2010 after a lengthy and acrimonious court battle	battle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Spotnitz co authored the script with Carter. The X Files: I Want to Believe became the second film	film	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
In the late 1970s and early 1980s Grant became troubled by the deaths of so many of his close friends	friends	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The	The	DET	plot	NOUN	 plot
The hodge podge of architectural styles that mingle in the Sycamore Historic District begins with Greek Revival structures which date	date	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Undercrofts or " crypts " were constructed beneath the buildings in the Rows. The undercrofts were in stone while	while	SCONJ	most	ADJ	 most
In 1905, the Daughters of the American Revolution placed a stone marker on what they believed was the location	location	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This picture adds to the habitual haunting charm a tragic irony of conception and a felicity of execution which give	give	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The ROM image for this early version was eventually uploaded to the internet, prompting fans to explore and document	document	VERB	the	DET	 the
All of the songs except " With You I'm Born Again " were released as singles, available for	for	ADP	download	NOUN	 download
In case of serious bite, suppression of breathing may occur, leading to death. Untreated, the mortality	mortality	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
Halo 3 is a shooter game where players primarily experience gameplay from a first person perspective. Much of the	the	DET	gameplay	NOUN	 gameplay
Strickfaden recycled a number of the fancifully named machines he had created for the original Frankenstein for use in Bride	Bride	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gordon was drafted seventh overall in the 2008 NBA Draft. Sasha Vujačić, a 2008 restricted free agent,	,	PUNCT	left	VERB	 left
Before the 1992 – 93 season, the uniforms were green and red with slightly different striping, leading some	some	DET	fans	NOUN	 fans
Together these two battles, known as the Battle of Megiddo, began the Final Offensive of the war in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Work took place at several sites in and around Dayton, Ohio. Those working on the project were ultimately	ultimately	ADV	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
The court ruled for the first time that the governor was in fact the Chief Executive of the state,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 10, 1999. In the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The idea of four children going on a road trip was " so exciting " that they immediately knew they	they	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
Oklahoma set up the Grand River Dam Authority (GRDA) on January 10, 1935. Eventually, on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
On 27 September, the brigade was once again moved to the front line and given responsibility for patrolling the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The tropical storm only caused minor damage, but was indirectly responsible for four deaths. On September 12,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Farther north, the route heads northeast near a few homes and businesses before it comes to an interchange with	with	ADP	I	PRON	 I
Internationally, it was broadcast in America on sister station BBC America on 27 August as well as on Space	Space	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A supplementary licence, AMN 31, was successfully bid for by MTN in 1996, providing a relay of	of	ADP	Prime	PROPN	 Prime
Although we've seen no shortage of zombies and post apocalyptic stories, producer writer director Frank Darabont has deftly	deftly	ADV	tackled	VERB	 tackled
The performances of Fredric Lehne and Ona Grauer were also applauded, with Jessica Harmon gaining a Leo Award nomination	nomination	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Schneider has suggested the following reconstruction of the cast and the doubling plan from the 1643 premiere on the basis	basis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Donaghy was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison on July 29, 2008. He served 11 months in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
For the past fifty years, these two coalitions have been alternately in power and E. M. S. Namboodiripad,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As the poem ends, the trance caused by the nightingale is broken and the narrator is left wondering if	if	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
She was the first female university professor in Latin America and one of the first women allowed to teach medicine	medicine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike the advanced AN / TPY 2 X band radar of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, Green	Green	PROPN	Pine	PROPN	 Pine
I haven't taken a salary in 18 years for a movie, so if my film makes no money	money	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
" MPC handled the visual effects for the " Smallville encounter " sequence. Before providing the visual effects,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The election, like many other Scottish episcopal elections of the period, was done in the presence of the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
However, the script was never finalized, and the release date was pushed back to sometime in 2006,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Enter Sandman " was ranked number 399 on Rolling Stone's " 500 Greatest Songs of All Time "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
There was heavy agricultural damage in southeastern Cuba, estimated at about $45 million. Gordon damaged 7,482 acres	acres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
She was armed with two Škoda 66 mm (2.6 in) L / 30 guns, four 450 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
At an October 17, 1850, barbecue celebrating the Compromise of 1850, Breckinridge toasted its author, Whig	Whig	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
It is often used when quality welds are extremely important, such as in bicycle, aircraft and naval applications	applications	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Blackburn Buccaneers were dispatched in January 1991 to act as laser designators for the ground strike aircraft. The RAF	RAF	PROPN	's	PART	's
Kudos began to develop the show after producing the Channel 4 medical drama series Psychos in 1999. Kudos wished	wished	VERB	to	PART	 to
" A review carried by Birmingham Mail mentioned, Daily Bhaskar gave 3 out of 5 stars and concluded saying	saying	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Although her estimates of childhood IQ scores of historical figures who never took IQ tests have been criticized on methodological	methodological	ADJ	grounds	NOUN	 grounds
Todd Martens of The Los Angeles Times wrote that while he wished the song had played up Cyrus ' frustration	frustration	NOUN	rather	ADV	 rather
From then until the end of the war, the battalion took part in the ground advance through Wewak and	and	CCONJ	beyond	ADV	 beyond
Furthermore, Freitag points out that " the information age has also anointed Tod as the spokesman for Rajasthan,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In conjunction with the building of the station a run around loop was added at Necropolis Junction, allowing locomotives	locomotives	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Daniels and Schur wrote the pilot episode, and the rest of the season's episodes were written by Axler	Axler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The review also noted that the computer game " perpetuates the [board game's] irritating system of ship	ship	NOUN	movement	NOUN	 movement
U 66 did not contribute to the May tally but, with her most successful month since April 1916,	,	PUNCT	added	VERB	 added
Most of the videos were accompaniments for the up tempo tracks on B ' Day; which featured retro stylization	stylization	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the time, Peirsol held five of the fastest times posted in the event. At one point during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Kevin VanOrd from GameSpot labelled Zack a " likable and complex hero, " arguing that he " transcends	transcends	VERB	the	DET	 the
This required Whitlam's personal permission, which he gave on the condition the price was publicized. The purchase	purchase	NOUN	created	VERB	 created
He opted for the latter, thinking that he could persuade its leaders to recall Viet Cong troops to their	their	PRON	jungle	NOUN	 jungle
It is a moderate sized ruined city of the Postclassic Maya civilization. The archaeological site and tourist attraction of	of	ADP	Mixco	PROPN	 Mixco
The Tanzimat reforms of the 19th century, which aimed to modernize the Ottoman state, proved to be inadequate	inadequate	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The congress was the most productive of the five congresses, and there Du Bois met Kwame Nkrumah, the	the	DET	future	ADJ	 future
Fey hosted SNL for a second time on April 10, 2010, and for her appearance she received an	an	DET	Emmy	ADJ	 Emmy
" We're getting away from the pyro. We're going way more visual this time. We're	're	AUX	incorporating	VERB	 incorporating
This would give the Confederacy access to California and the Pacific coast. The Union definition split New Mexico along	along	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 2009, President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared arnis as the national sport and martial art through Republic Act 9850	9850	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Stories in the whimsical fantasy tradition that had been started by Unknown, however, did not often appear in	in	ADP	Science	PROPN	 Science
Foraker spoke repeatedly against the administration favored bill as it moved through the Senate, and was one of only	only	ADV	three	NUM	 three
At this time, Lexington's air group consisted of 21 Wildcats, 37 Dauntlesses and 12 Devastators. Both	Both	DET	Task	PROPN	 Task
The Crick, Brenner et al. experiment first demonstrated that codons consist of three DNA bases; Marshall Nirenberg	Nirenberg	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
These were thought to depict separate species of birds by some authors, but were regarded as one by Hugh	Hugh	PROPN	Edwin	PROPN	 Edwin
Since flying a helicopter through a warehouse was thought to be too dangerous, the scene was shot using forced	forced	VERB	perspective	NOUN	 perspective
For the second time in his career, Lee was part of a batting line up in which each of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite having a disrupted pre season due to his participation in Euro 2012, Ben Arfa enjoyed a good start	start	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
His general militancy led to his blacklisting by pit owners, and after spells of unemployment he eventually found work	work	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
In the Second Age of Middle earth's chronology the Men of Númenor learnt the Quenya tongue. In the	the	DET	Third	PROPN	 Third
Our Friends in the North was broadcast in nine episodes on BBC Two at 9 pm on Monday nights,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Neither Mary Watts nor the Committee had added new names to the list originally proposed by Watts, and thus	thus	ADV	there	PRON	 there
" Chris Tucker's performance as Ruby Rhod also polarised critics. He was praised in the Los Angeles Times	Times	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Almost simultaneously to the development of the College of Cardinals as a body of papal advisors, the popes started	started	VERB	to	PART	 to
Optimus then calls for the launch of the Ark to try and escape through the portal before it closes,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The photos, for Gill, added up to " a shadowy glimpse of [Dylan's] life,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
All these works were created in the 17th century by Baltasar de Echave y Rioja. This chapel is home	home	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
During the 19th and early 20th centuries the gardens, parkland and woodland became overgrown, and the condition of	of	ADP	some	PRON	 some
Its tail has a skin fold running along either side and a leaf shaped caudal fin, but no dorsal	dorsal	NOUN	fin	NOUN	 fin
Finally, the shoes of the 4th Division had completely worn out following two weeks of marching, and replacements	replacements	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The two missions of 26 September 1942 had been flown in Bf 109 G 2 / trop, in one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Later in the war, men were drawn from their crews for anti submarine warfare vessels. As the Austro	Austro	PROPN	Hungarians	PROPN	 Hungarians
While the survey can not tell if this latter group lost their insurance due to cancellation or because they simply	simply	ADV	felt	VERB	 felt
The Yankees beat the Red Sox for the division title because they won 10 of their 19 contests against Boston	Boston	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Yardley was later criticised for not bringing Wright into the attack at an earlier stage, as the Australian tail	tail	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Delatombe captures the brothers and believes them to be frauds. French soldiers begin burning down the forest, and	and	CCONJ	Cavaldi	PROPN	 Cavaldi
The British gained control of New York harbor and the surrounding agricultural areas, and held New York City and	and	CCONJ	Long	PROPN	 Long
Equally, some versions of the two markers table have been criticized for implying that all 15 lanthanides occupy the	the	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Physical limitations acquired from SCI affect sexual function and sexuality in broader areas, which in turn has important effects	effects	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
After announcing that Ronon Dex would become a main character in the Atlantis series, they followed up with another	another	DET	announcement	NOUN	 announcement
Shakespeare's mother, Mary Arden, certainly came from a pious Catholic family. The strongest evidence might be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
It lost €9.7 million in 2007 and €12.8 million in 2008, suffering along with the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Pampas region has land that is appropriate for agriculture and raising livestock. It is a mostly flat area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ticket prices increased with between NOK 10 and 12. This resulted in protests from the ferry employees who stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Some critics argued that the album was their most consistent and strongest album to date. Christian Hoard of Rolling	Rolling	PROPN	Stone	PROPN	 Stone
He authorized landowners to take any actions against their workers, including executions. Ubico was a big admirer of	of	ADP	European	ADJ	 European
The bricks were ferried down the Chao Phraya by barges, where they were eventually incorporated into the walls of	of	ADP	Bangkok	PROPN	 Bangkok
American isolationist feeling and the economic concerns of the others led to the Washington Naval Conference of 1921. The	The	DET	outcome	NOUN	 outcome
In addition, he simultaneously worked on a sermon, Eternal Justice, which reiterated his key beliefs, including	including	VERB	reincarnation	NOUN	 reincarnation
From there, visitors may proceed south to downtown and the Carnival Grounds, or east to the tourist strip	strip	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
On March 2016, Johnson partnered with the new juggernaut in American fitness apparel Under Armour to release " Project	Project	PROPN	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
The large slab, which is believed to date back to at least the 13th century and possibly as early	early	ADV	as	ADP	 as
There is a separate shrine for Sambandar celebrating the miracle of Parvathi suckling the child Sambandar when he was crying	crying	VERB	for	ADP	 for
At the time of the conflict, however, it was not established that the Supreme Court could resolve state	state	NOUN	boundary	ADJ	 boundary
). " SpongeBob sings it, bringing back the residents ' Christmas spirit. Unfortunately, it is too	too	ADV	late	ADJ	 late
Other issues, such as Kurdish rights, women's rights, LGBT rights, and press freedom, have	have	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Nuzman returned and concluded the presentation, which included a short film (called UnityA) by Academy Award nominated	nominated	VERB	director	NOUN	 director
A number of racist organisations, such as the Order of Nine Angles and the Black Order, combine elements	elements	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Eric Kohanik of The Hamilton Spectator said the episode continues to demonstrate why Homicide is " the best new series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The condensed events were summarized and the official synopsis was published in the The Moving Picture World. It states	states	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Kilham now forms part of Wooler electoral division of Northumberland County Council, represented by Anthony Murray of the Conservative	Conservative	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
Next was his first graded stakes race, the seven furlong, Grade I Del Mar Futurity. He ran	ran	VERB	strongly	ADV	 strongly
The Washington Post described her character as " a campier, trampier version of herself – or at least her	her	PRON	tabloid	ADJ	 tabloid
Fuel grade ethanol production increased from 100,000 liters in 1933 to 51.5 million liters in 1937, representing 7%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The war on the Peninsula was over. Wellington and his army had marched over an estimated 6,000 miles (	(	PUNCT	9,656	NUM	9,656
In July 2014, when Jean announced the title of the episode at the Television Critics Association summer tour,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
In 1920, the RNWMP and Dominion Police would be merged under a new name, the Royal Canadian Mounted	Mounted	PROPN	Police	PROPN	 Police
His united kingdom in the north did not outlast him, and his conversion to Christianity was renounced by his	his	PRON	successors	NOUN	 successors
Shortly after, Spears took the stage again wearing a hot pink bra, a white fur coat and a	a	DET	jean	ADJ	 jean
Its organisation was: It was ranked 1st (of 55) in the order of precedence of the Yeomanry	Yeomanry	PROPN	Regiments	PROPN	 Regiments
Upon his arrival he released 24 players and converted a boot storage room at Anfield into a room where the	the	DET	coaches	NOUN	 coaches
Al Ahbar suggested to him that it should be behind the Rock "... so that all of Jerusalem would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
On his return Sinfjotli is poisoned by Borghild, and she is turned out by Sigmund, who instead marries	marries	VERB	Hiordis	PROPN	 Hiordis
Apart from descriptions of the house and its contents (some of which may be drawn from Larkin's own	own	ADJ	childhood	NOUN	 childhood
In early 2000, the MBTA released a study which analyzed the possibility of full time commuter service to Yawkey	Yawkey	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The first abolished the use of the terms " pribumi " and " non pribumi " in official government documents	documents	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Unlike direct selection (e.g., typing on a keyboard, touching a screen), users of Target Scanning	Scanning	PROPN	can	AUX	 can
And again, to the same correspondent, May 6, 1863: I have never had the least sympathy	sympathy	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The cuisine of the Ottoman Empire — which incorporated Palestine in 1516 — was partially made up of what had	had	AUX	become	VERB	 become
Since its original album release, " A Day in the Life " has been released as a B side	side	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
… Segregation was not unconstitutional because it might have caused psychological feelings of inferiority. Public school systems that separated	separated	VERB	blacks	NOUN	 blacks
The Elementary Education Act 1870 provided for local school boards, but was opposed by the established church. The	The	DET	process	NOUN	 process
A variety of local greens such as anamamy ([anaˈmamʲ], Morelle greens), anamafaitra (Malagasy	Malagasy	NOUN	pronunciation	NOUN	 pronunciation
Macedonia was part of the Vilnius group, and had formed the Adriatic Charter with Croatia and Albania in 2003	2003	NUM	to	PART	 to
Again using the broken span, the Australians crossed the river and scaled the bank in the moonlight, before	before	ADP	establishing	VERB	 establishing
These changes were reflective of wider organisational adaption, tactical innovation, and the adoption of new weapons and technology	technology	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Because of its use by " Rise, O Voices of Rhodesia ", the " Ode to Joy "	"	PUNCT	melody	NOUN	 melody
Later copies of the second state, with minor retouching, were also printed from the plate by Thomas Cotes	Cotes	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Black Diamonds from Lithgow cut " I Want, Need, Love You " that same year. Former	Former	ADJ	surf	NOUN	 surf
Due to the high number of storms, there were a record number of cyclone days – days in which	which	PRON	a	DET	 a
In the previous episode, Section D discover that Nightingale is manipulating Hindus and Muslims to attack each other in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
England won the match by four wickets, to become ODI world champions. Taylor finished the tournament as the	the	DET	leading	VERB	 leading
The reserves of the 7th and 8th brigades began deploying at 08: 30 (along with the Royal Marines	Marines	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
' Upstream ' policies look at changing society, ' midstream ' policies try to alter individuals ' behavior to	to	PART	prevent	VERB	 prevent
Besson wanted to shoot the film in France, but suitable locations could not be found; filming took place	place	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
The storm damaged power lines on the island but they were quickly repaired. The strong winds uprooted trees in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This ward has three seats on Canterbury City Council, and, in the local elections of 2011, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The Atomic Warfare Status Center was created within the AFSWP to handle this mission. In April 1958, Eisenhower	Eisenhower	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
Due to such changes in sensation, people are encouraged to explore their bodies to discover what areas are pleasurable	pleasurable	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
When Scudder felt his pursuing enemy again, he left his family and traveled aimlessly throughout the country. After	After	ADP	narrowly	ADV	 narrowly
Hillenburg said, " It's in the characters ' extreme body language, in how they slither capriciously around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since he lacked formal education in Latin and mathematics, contemporary scholars mostly ignored Leonardo the scientist, although he	he	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Series four, Miracle Day (2011), begins by showing Rhys living in seclusion alongside Gwen and their	their	PRON	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
Hely was acting Air Member for Personnel from 3 January to 7 March 1955, between the terms of Air	Air	PROPN	Vice	PROPN	 Vice
' We piss children into the graveyard. The trumpets of Judgement Day — very well, it won't	n't	PART	be	AUX	 be
Salford City Council granted planning consent for an outline application for a multi use development on the site involving residential	residential	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In the days following the capture of Damour, the 2 / 5th had continued the advance north towards Khalde	Khalde	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The City seemed to have escaped most of the catastrophic wind damage and heavy rain that had been predicted.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
In 1950, the encyclical Humani generis of Pope Pius XII first mentioned evolution directly and officially. It allowed	allowed	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Ruth's biographers agree that he benefited from the timing of his ascension to " Home Run King ",	,	PUNCT	with	SCONJ	 with
The newly built vessel was launched on 13 January 1804 as " His Majesty's Armed Colonial Cutter Integrity "	"	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
This changed with the October 1929 publication of his novel Berlin Alexanderplatz which earned him national and global fame.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Also in 2010, American producer Skrillex achieved moderate commercial success in North America with a dubstep influenced sound.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
He made his first television appearance at the age of two on the show Fiesta del Cuarteto; he appeared	appeared	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Later in the season, he scored a touchdown against Wisconsin on an end around, a play Michigan employed	employed	VERB	frequently	ADV	 frequently
It was directed by Dan Scanlon and produced by Kori Rae, with John Lasseter, Pete Docter, Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	Stanton	PROPN	 Stanton
On occasion, divers would inadvertently trigger the mechanism while donning gear or performing a movement underwater and, not	not	PART	realizing	VERB	 realizing
Two or more broods may be laid in an extended breeding season. A clutch consists of three or four	four	NUM	matte	NOUN	 matte
For authenticity, the house was filled with items similar to those found at Kom's house such as indigenous	indigenous	ADJ	short	ADJ	 short
The constituencies of Nanoor, Rajnagar, Mayureswar and Hansan were reserved for Scheduled Castes (SC) candidates.	.	PUNCT	Vidhan	PROPN	 Vidhan
The centrality of Paris in La Comédie Humaine is key to Balzac's legacy as a realist. " Realism	Realism	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Prominent artists included Goyō Hashiguchi, called the " Utamaro of the Taishō period " for his manner of depicting	depicting	VERB	women	NOUN	 women
The plot involving Q was added subsequently to the episode in order to make it longer. Roddenberry was aiming	aiming	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Torres faced his old rivals Real Madrid on 10 March 2009 in the Champions League last 16 and due to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
On the October 22 episode of Impact!, The Beautiful People began appearing in backstage segments they dubbed as	as	ADP	their	PRON	 their
It took place on August 27, 1990, at The Spectrum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The card featured	featured	VERB	ten	NUM	 ten
" Promiscuous " charted at number one on the Canadian Digital Chart and was the most successful single release in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
There was enough demand for the certificates that MacGregor was able to raise the price to two shillings and sixpence	sixpence	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
On 5 June, she was hit by two large bombs that struck her port side. She was transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The pair huddle together, groom one another, and share nesting and pup raising responsibilities. Among the most	most	ADV	social	ADJ	 social
The success in 1938 of Action Comics and its lead hero Superman marked the beginning of the Golden Age of	of	ADP	Comic	PROPN	 Comic
The Jacksons continued to tour internationally, and released six more albums between 1976 and 1984. Michael, the	the	DET	group	NOUN	 group
He held the post for the next five years, during which time he wrote several anthems and hymns,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Jenny McCartney, a reporter from The Spectator, expressed the view that " in person he is hard	hard	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The upgrade made the old section lighter, as it was previously painted in dark red, and visually similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In 2014 Juniper acquired the software defined networking (SDN) company WANDL. Juniper Networks designs and markets IT	IT	PROPN	networking	VERB	 networking
While Greenland is geologically associated with North America, it is also a part of the Arctic region. Apart	Apart	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Becher was promoted to commander on 31 December 1944, and the following month Quickmatch was transferred to the recently	recently	ADV	established	VERB	 established
Major world leaders including Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Fidel Castro, Salvador Allende, Josip Tito, and	and	CCONJ	Kwame	PROPN	 Kwame
The second draft, which was credited to Gilliam, Warren Skaaren, and Hamm rather than McKeown, used	used	VERB	the	DET	 the
Music historian Peter Guralnick notes that the guitar part " established a new guitar dominated soul sound ". It	It	PRON	plays	VERB	 plays
A studio version of the duet was released on the US iTunes Store on December 16, 2013. "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
The building had been inspected by the fire department, first in February 1976, and later in the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In addition, participants will help validate and analyze the data while testing their own theories and publishing original research	research	NOUN	articles	NOUN	 articles
The scientific name comes from Latin ardea " heron ", and purpureus, " coloured purple ". It	It	PRON	breeds	VERB	 breeds
The film was greeted with lukewarm reviews and dismal ticket sales, though Strickland later referred to it as her	her	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
The Florence Nightingale School of Nursing & Midwifery is the oldest professional school of nursing in the world. King	King	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The original conceit for Carter's episode was " What makes the perfect soldier? " He also liked	liked	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some scenes were filmed on location at the Homestead Joint Air Reserve Base adjacent to Homestead, Florida. The	The	DET	482nd	NOUN	 482nd
Theater productions are presented at the Gerding Theater at the Armory in Portland's Pearl District. PCS was founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It has also been suggested that he may be drawing the curtains to block out the light from the full	full	ADJ	moon	NOUN	 moon
Host Jeff Probst consistently ranks it as his favorite, equating it to a " first girlfriend. " Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	Weekly	PROPN	 Weekly
The University of Georgia represented the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and Virginia Tech represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (	(	PUNCT	ACC	PROPN	ACC
Eyewitnesses also spoke of a reddish brown fireball, which indicated a magazine explosion; this was confirmed during exploration	exploration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Athletes with disabilities did compete in the Olympic Games prior to the advent of the Paralympics. The first athlete	athlete	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In Subsaharan Africa, Javanese batik was introduced in the 19th century by Dutch and English traders. The local	local	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
Darla's role in the series is more prominent in the episode " Angel ", where it is revealed	revealed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It suffered several casualties, including a soldier killed by sniper fire, a soldier killed by a suicide car	car	NOUN	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
Alongside reassurance, explanation and habit reversal, patients are shown how to breathe using their diaphragms prior to and	and	CCONJ	during	ADP	 during
An example is 炷 zhù " candle " (now archaic, meaning " lampwick "), which was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
The bat has a distinctive swollen, pig like snout with thin, vertical nostrils. Its ears are relatively	relatively	ADV	large	ADJ	 large
Oroshi are also played as a part of theatrical performance, such as in Noh theater. Drums are not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
The design was difficult as Hemming struggled to find a tailor in Los Angeles who could work with shearling.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He felt that the former could come off as too much like Japanese lolicon styled art, while the latter	latter	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
After Daichi recovers a repressed memory of his mother's death during a family trip to Hokkaidō — which Sora	Sora	PROPN	attempted	VERB	 attempted
Charles Ranken, chess champion, lived in Malvern from 1871 until his death in 1905. Franklin D. Roosevelt	Roosevelt	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Pius was criticised for his reception of Pavelić: an unattributed British Foreign Office memo on the subject described Pius	Pius	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
There are various hiking trails in nearby hilly areas, including Omak Mountain and its look out tower, and	and	CCONJ	Moses	PROPN	 Moses
Beauchamp consented. Against Cooke's advice, Beauchamp traveled immediately to the capital of Frankfort, where Sharp had	had	AUX	recently	ADV	 recently
Play Arts Kai figurines of Tidus and Yuna were produced and the original soundtracks were re released. Two new	new	ADJ	Ultimania	PROPN	 Ultimania
The Navy hesitated, and awarded the contract to the private company only after a push from Tsar Alexander III	III	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The next track " Something to Remember " deals with her failed marriage to Penn and was the source of	of	ADP	inspiration	NOUN	 inspiration
The Hunter F.6 was retired from its day fighter role in the RAF by 1963, being replaced by the	the	DET	much	ADV	 much
In Ireland, " Collide " debuted at number three on 8 September 2011, and remained in the top	top	ADJ	ten	NUM	 ten
Gannon was made favourite to be given the job by several bookmakers, and he met with Brighton chairman Dick	Dick	PROPN	Knight	PROPN	 Knight
The following week, the album began to descend once more, selling an estimated 54,000 copies and dropping three	three	NUM	places	NOUN	 places
In German, sorrow is mentioned first, then the final Kingdom of God. Bach repeats the beginning text	text	NOUN	four	NUM	 four
One of the difficulties of designing the suit was to make it look shiny without resembling " gross lolicon manga	manga	NOUN	porn	NOUN	 porn
It has been suggested that the lyrics address Spears ' ex husband Kevin Federline. Upon release, the song	song	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
This work, since lost, might have been the sermons mentioned above, or could have been a known	known	VERB	collection	NOUN	 collection
Rather than create an organized religion, the foundation's leadership opted for what they called " slow growth "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
The song ends with a string ostinato that simply fades away, without fully resolving to the tonic chord.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It is also known as the jungle, Sind jungle, or rufous backed sparrow. Very similar to the	the	DET	related	ADJ	 related
Aside from repeating the player's drawn pattern, the stroke mimics the player's pace in drawing the stroke	stroke	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The stated aim of the Solutions for Hope Tantalum Project is to " source conflict free tantalum from the Democratic	Democratic	PROPN	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
" New Release Tuesday called Gravity one of the most anticipated releases of the year. In its review,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Dibnah remained at home and was surprised when, upon her return, she asked for a divorce. One	One	NUM	day	NOUN	 day
Gary Milner was cast as the extra " Scared Man " after misreading the callsheet as " Sacred Man "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Astride the line of the advance, these positions were noted as being well constructed, camouflaged and dug in	in	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Marie was the eldest daughter and second child of Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, and the former Grand	Grand	PROPN	Duchess	PROPN	 Duchess
It was taken to Russia, and in the aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917 was feared lost.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
However, the special board meeting which was held to appoint the two executives was held to be illegal by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The series finale, " The Blood Line ", sees Esther fatally shot by a member of The Three	Three	PROPN	Families	PROPN	 Families
2, Paul Butterfield Band (2008, recorded 1978) Live at the Lone Star, Rick Danko,	,	PUNCT	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
Bowsman with a population of over 300, is the next largest village along the NWWR after The Pas.	.	PUNCT	Swan	PROPN	 Swan
In 1947 he became the first Australian to sit in the House of Lords (Sir John Forrest had been	been	AUX	granted	VERB	 granted
The area within the middle moat of the castle complex is a designated Special Historic Site. Along with Matsumoto	Matsumoto	PROPN	Castle	PROPN	 Castle
Large areas for automobile parking, often in co located multi storey car parks, are also typical to find	find	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Furthermore, actions on both sides to control weaponry, gunpowder, and other military supplies became more contentious,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Still photographer Bhaskar (Mohan) takes pictures of his lover with a motorbike in the background. Chandru,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He won his first medal as a member of the silver medal winning US team at the 1972 Summer Olympics	Olympics	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It covers an area of 400 feet (120 m) north to south by 300 feet (90 m	m	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Although American units were usually able to replenish their numbers quickly, the replacements rarely had sufficient tactical training.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
Both courts of appeal reviewing this claim have rejected this reading of Velazquez. Instead of a distortion of speech	speech	NOUN	test	NOUN	 test
After additional weather related delays, on February 26 salvors managed to float the 440 – foot (132 m	m	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Roosevelt refused, saying that the disparity in price was too great. Instead, the company was awarded two	two	NUM	destroyer	NOUN	 destroyer
She quickly introduced him to her parents and was prepared to do anything for him, like stealing from the	the	DET	local	ADJ	 local
After the breach, the 130th moved into Iraq. They provided support for the divisions as they advanced along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since 2006, music direction has been handled by Frankie Blue and John Hoke; themes they have written for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ancestors then order their " Great Stone Dragon " to protect Mulan. The ancestors are unaware that the	the	DET	statue	NOUN	 statue
" Ramsey Isler of IGN called " Whale Whores " an entertaining episode, but said the episode could have	have	AUX	provided	VERB	 provided
After regaining full fitness, he became a first choice player at Molineux, making a further 27 appearances during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
In later life, Benn removed public references to his private education from Who's Who; in 1970 all	all	DET	references	NOUN	 references
Early in the match, TNA commentator Mike Tenay announced that Salinas had been injured in an assault by Jacqueline	Jacqueline	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
". Some Americans had swarmed onto the Post Road in order to block to British retreat across the bridge	bridge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the Camp Jackson Affair, there were no more military threats to Union control until 1864, although guerrilla	guerrilla	NOUN	activity	NOUN	 activity
The Hungarian government sent 18,000 Jews to German occupied Ukraine because they were unable to prove they were Hungarian citizens	citizens	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Strikingly different is the more overtly romantic Die erste Walpurgisnacht (The First Walpurgis Night), a setting for	for	ADP	chorus	NOUN	 chorus
To this, he adds that the devil would be suing him for injuries. He claims that he is	is	AUX	going	VERB	 going
The 2007 season witnessed the MLS debut of David Beckham. Beckham's signing had been seen as a coup	coup	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Hedwig and Margarete both remained loyal to Himmler. Writing to Gebhard in February 1945, Margarete said, "	"	PUNCT	How	SCONJ	 How
She also performed the song in London in an Apple Store. The set, with some songs by Cyrus	Cyrus	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Some of this material is not diagnostic; other material has been recognized to be different, but was never	never	ADV	sufficiently	ADV	 sufficiently
The player may recruit adventuring companions over the course of the game; there are seven potential party members,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Second Samnite War, from 327 BC to 304 BC, was much longer and more serious for both	both	PRON	Romans	PROPN	 Romans
After failing multiple times to kill Greene, Licavoli is forced to humbly ask Genovese boss Anthony Salerno to help	help	VERB	him	PRON	 him
[2] The parkway heads through wooded surroundings near industrial areas and passes over MD 201, where there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
In 1988, her mother began nursing babies back to health in the neonatal intensive care unit of Vanderbilt University	University	PROPN	Hospital	PROPN	 Hospital
In November 1916, the German Imperial Navy, having a hard time finding trained submarine crews, inquired to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
Kanal ended the relationship. Their break up inspired Stefani lyrically, and many of the album's songs,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Lyrically, " Do Ya Thang " is a complimentary love song that contains " curse " words and a	a	DET	repetitive	ADJ	 repetitive
Additionally, UBS provides a broad range of securities and savings products that are supported by the firm's underwriting	underwriting	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For example, up to 200,000 different small molecules might be made in plants, although not all these will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Bell joined Trott in the middle, and the pair added 67 runs together before Trott was dismissed for 64	64	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A team of researchers discover remains of a crashed spaceship in the Arctic Circle, finding several humanoids with cybernetic	cybernetic	ADJ	implants	NOUN	 implants
After defeating him, Cid arrives and takes them to one of his airships, the Enterprise. On the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
The Joker has used venom since his debut; only he knows the formula, and is shown to be	be	AUX	gifted	VERB	 gifted
When the institute was established, classes were held in rented rooms at Butler Palace and subsequently moved to Giri	Giri	PROPN	Institute	PROPN	 Institute
The top of the pail carried a cast iron rim about 3 inches deep to receive a tight fitting inner	inner	ADJ	lid	NOUN	 lid
The results of this research may be used in captive breeding programmes for endangered species. Disagreement exists between different	different	ADJ	authorities	NOUN	 authorities
Siegfried had a crew of 20 officers and 256 enlisted men. The ship was armed with three 24 cm	cm	NOUN	K	PROPN	 K
A phase to amplitude converter (PAC), which uses the phase accumulator output word (phase word)	)	PUNCT	usually	ADV	 usually
The remolding provision helped generate a 15% sales increase in those locations for Heartland. As of January 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Investigators did not comment on what prompted the new search, except that it was not related to Van der	der	PROPN	Sloot	PROPN	 Sloot
Subsequently, Virgin dropped Carey from the label roster. These decisions were brought on due to the low sales	sales	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To pressure Andersen into meeting Enron's earnings expectations, Enron would occasionally allow accounting companies Ernst & Young or	or	CCONJ	PricewaterhouseCoopers	PROPN	 PricewaterhouseCoopers
Pascu also founded his own band, The Blue Workers. Pascu recalled that during the 1990s, Divertis had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
The first of the two suites mainly deals with identity and self realization; the second is essentially a set	set	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tropical Storm Five also developed on September 3, in the southern Gulf of Mexico and struck Louisiana on September	September	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
The fledging period is around sixteen days, and young begin to find food for themselves between twenty six and	and	CCONJ	thirty	NUM	 thirty
This geographical information, as well as the wording in excerpts from the manifesto that were released prior to the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
It was the first weather caused shutdown in the history of the system. Service was restored by August 29	29	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 2002 the school was designated a technology college and since 2005 has been affiliated to the Specialist Schools and	and	CCONJ	Academies	PROPN	 Academies
Electrical power was provided by four double turbo generators and two diesel generators. They produced a total output of	of	ADP	1,800	NUM	 1,800
The mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit, stated " We all held him so dearly. He was the	the	DET	star	NOUN	 star
Common properties desired for all directional couplers are wide operational bandwidth, high directivity, and a good impedance match	match	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
This support included the supply and emplacement of naval guns and the establishment of river obstacles and mines. On	On	ADP	8	NUM	 8
While Gordimer never said the book was about Fischer, she did describe it as " a coded homage "	"	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
He then continued on to Tarsus, where he began preparing for a campaign against the Byzantines. The presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They examined the handwriting against known examples and found that they matched. They determined that the paper, glue	glue	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was also positive towards the episode's use of humor, noting that it " is very much on	on	ADP	target	NOUN	 target
In the first half of Clay County's semifinal matchup with Madison Central High School, Farmer scored 18 and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
In January 2008, he signed a two and a half year contract with Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee	fee	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Squall's weapon is a gunblade, a sword that uses components of a revolver to send vibrations through the	the	DET	blade	NOUN	 blade
Both times, his father removed him from the service because of his young age. Despite having only this	this	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Beating Cranky Kong's high score rewards the player with the Rareware Coin, which is necessary to beat the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
His class supported slavery. From the non slaveholding class of the Upland South were migrants such as Abraham Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Forests were typically tied to castles, both to assist with the enforcement of the law and to store the	the	DET	goods	NOUN	 goods
Nevertheless, in October 2014, Lois Leveen speculated in The Atlantic that the original Shakespeare play did not contain	contain	VERB	a	DET	 a
The series was marketed by the BBC as " The Sunday Format for the online age ", and critics	critics	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Thayer distinguishes " concealing colors " (mainly countershading for " invisibility ") from the " other " branch	branch	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lia had been brushing Delphine's hair when she hit a snag, causing Delphine to grab a whip and	and	CCONJ	chase	VERB	 chase
Most of the King's Council were also present. Cranmer, who was at Lambeth Palace, was reported	reported	VERB	to	PART	 to
On Belmont day, GlaxoSmithKline gave away 50,000 of the strips at Belmont Park. Santa Anita, which simulcast	simulcast	VERB	the	DET	 the
The session was overseen by the justiciary of the Arbroath abbots and held in the house of Alexander Stewart,	,	PUNCT	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
; May 3, 1921 – April 12, 1989) was an American professional boxer. Frequently cited as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
At around 1200 UTC on June 17, Dvorak classifications began on the disturbance, though initially its convection was	was	AUX	broadly	ADV	 broadly
Prominent leaders in the development of prosperity theology include E. W. Kenyon, Oral Roberts, TD Jakes, A.	A.	NOUN	A.	NOUN	 A.
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961. In 1993, the Hall was relocated to a	a	DET	former	ADJ	 former
Chris Carle, writing for IGN, described the single as an " ode to jealousy " that started "	"	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Another monument, in Philadelphia's Fairmount Park, was erected in 1896. In Victoria, Australia, Cannibal	Cannibal	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
In 2002 the college had 94 researchers working in its eight research units. This includes the Makiling Center for	for	ADP	Mountain	PROPN	 Mountain
It can also be found in bamboo groves. It prefers habitats with larger diameter, tall trees with a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
Some sources say that Charles VIII of France had bankrolled 200,000 ducats (plus 100,000 ducats from the Doge of	of	ADP	Genoa	PROPN	 Genoa
Keith accuses software billionaire Jake Kane (Kyle Secor), Lilly's father, of being involved in the	the	DET	murder	NOUN	 murder
Other facilities in NCHS include a gymnasium, an indoor sports hall, a central plaza, an open concept	concept	NOUN	canteen	NOUN	 canteen
After more than two years of inactivity, X Japan announced the remastered compilation album The World ~ X Japan	Japan	PROPN	Hatsu	PROPN	 Hatsu
As part of its support of the state highway system, the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) tracks	tracks	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Charlie Jane Anders of io9 was critical of the episode, remarking that " the whole ' soul magnets	magnets	NOUN	'	PART	 '
At the Chuncheon sector, the PVA 42nd and the 66th Corps forced the ROK III Corps into full retreat	retreat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the arterial system, bubbles (arterial gas embolism) are far more dangerous because they block circulation and	and	CCONJ	cause	VERB	 cause
The first launch of the Arrow interceptor took place on August 9, 1990, designed to test the missile	missile	NOUN	's	PART	's
This upgraded programme posed a threat to the Lince programme. Around the same time, the Spanish government expressed	expressed	VERB	interest	NOUN	 interest
Furthermore, he was dismissed for 99 in the first innings against the West Indies at Port of Spain in	in	ADP	1973	NUM	 1973
The panel to the right shows villagers harvesting their ripened wheat. Two figures are seen bending over in the	the	DET	background	NOUN	 background
He was an innovator in using the financial, bureaucratic, and diplomatic resources of France. He could rapidly	rapidly	ADV	dictate	VERB	 dictate
Goosefeather's Curse will be released on 1 September 2015. Two more novellas are planned after that: one	one	NUM	will	AUX	 will
Losses sustained by the ships were placed at A $5 million (A $12.7 million 2011 AUD;	;	PUNCT	US	PROPN	 US
Such radio exposure attracted the attention of American record labels and, by year's end, an international recording	recording	NOUN	deal	NOUN	 deal
Gertie is the best preserved of McCay's films — some of which have been lost or survive only in	in	ADP	fragments	NOUN	 fragments
The song was produced by Mogwai and Paul Savage, who handled production and mixing duties on the bulk of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1892 Holst wrote the music for an operetta in the style of Gilbert and Sullivan, Lansdown Castle,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The three valleys differ greatly in terroir, with the easternmost Bear Creek valley being warmest and driest, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Hong Mai (1123 – 1202) used ancient Han dynasty era vessels to debunk what he found to be	be	AUX	fallacious	ADJ	 fallacious
Sydney Parkinson's sketches and paintings of Cooks Bark Endeavour along with the 1771 Woolwich Yard Bark Endeavour spar measurements	measurements	NOUN	National	PROPN	 National
He built another castle in York, on what is now Baile Hill on the west bank of the Ouse	Ouse	PROPN	opposite	ADP	 opposite
The low pressure limits the atmosphere's effect on the surface, except for temporarily redistributing sulfur dioxide from frost	frost	NOUN	rich	ADJ	 rich
Mercury is a liquid, heavy, silvery white metal. It is the only common liquid metal at ordinary	ordinary	ADJ	temperatures	NOUN	 temperatures
" Tolliver finished the season having completed 216 of 410 passes, thrown for 2,574 yards, 16 touchdowns,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the first quarter of 2008, Imperial posted a $15.5 million loss, which they said was primarily	primarily	ADV	due	ADJ	 due
An immediate precursor of Absurdism, he was acknowledged as a mentor by Eugène Ionesco, who developed on his	his	PRON	principles	NOUN	 principles
Her suddenly increasing angle caused what one survivor called a " giant wave " to wash along the ship from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
NH 47 runs from Salem to Kanniyakumari via Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrissur, Ernakulam, Kochi, Alapuzha,	,	PUNCT	Kollam	PROPN	 Kollam
The episode first aired on the UPN network on April 24, 1995. It was directed by Les Landau	Landau	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ricky Lee and Doug departed in June 1992 due to creative differences. According to Richard, Ricky Lee's	's	PART	tenure	NOUN	 tenure
The financial strain this caused led to him to work as a casual labourer in order to meet his mortgage	mortgage	NOUN	repayments	NOUN	 repayments
Nerve damage in her toe ruled Ebsary out of contention for the first match at Hurstville Oval, which the	the	DET	hosts	NOUN	 hosts
While the hill population comprised mainly ethnic Nepalis, the plains harboured a large ethnic Bengali population who were refugees	refugees	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
For Tracy Draco, the producers wanted an established actress opposite neophyte Lazenby. Brigitte Bardot was invited, but	but	CCONJ	after	SCONJ	 after
That is, one may generate an inverse hexagonal columnar phase (columns of water encapsulated by amphiphiles) or	or	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
On 28 January 2008, the EBU held a special draw which determined that Ireland would be in the first	first	ADJ	semi	PROPN	 semi
A lot of thought has gone into this album and it's good because of it. " Author Peter	Peter	PROPN	Buckley	PROPN	 Buckley
The State Departement under Secretary Hamilton Fish was run efficiently and virtually free from scandal for Grant's two terms	terms	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It is owned by Bill Gates and is displayed once a year in different cities around the world. Leonardo	Leonardo	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Roberto Suro of The Washington Post described Gulfton as a " tightly packed warren. " Some of the	the	DET	apartment	NOUN	 apartment
Squads can be directly commanded to attack enemies. Crossbows can be made for ranged attacks and a range with	with	ADP	targets	NOUN	 targets
Having begun life as a Christian sect at the end of the 1st century AD, the Group grew into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
He then hit Hammond for consecutive on driven fours before Badcock fell at 6 / 194, having made only	only	ADV	9	NUM	 9
Non U.S. pressings follow with " Harder Everyday ", and the United Kingdom edition adds " Sorry ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A replica of the original orangery (built in 1824) may also be viewed (the original wooden orangery	orangery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2012, The Best 100 Albums of All Time book ranked Highway 61 Revisited as the greatest album of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
In early 1942, Rudel was granted home leave. During his vacation, he stayed with his parents in	in	ADP	Alt	PROPN	 Alt
The main ribs are intersected by additional non supporting ribs known as " lierne ribs " and which in this	this	DET	case	NOUN	 case
Enrique Lopetegui of the Los Angeles Times gave the album three out of four stars, saying that it contained	contained	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds. Lettuce was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
Many organizations also have a program for members with special needs. This is usually known as Extension Scouting,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
She wrote later: " We caught some of his thoughts, and he caught some of ours; and	and	CCONJ	both	PRON	 both
On April 29, the last day of the legislative session, the Senate bill was revived in the Hawaii	Hawaii	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
In a 2010 Baseball Prospectus article, Steven Goldman wrote that the 1984 Tigers were " a great team that	that	PRON	relied	VERB	 relied
When the Spanish resumed control of Florida in 1783 they built Fort San Nicolas beside the ferry landing in present	present	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Baeri explained that they had faced technical challenges, due to high pixel content. The B Eyes added a	a	DET	total	NOUN	 total
Jon Pareles from The New York Times found the song to be a mixture of " affection and post apocalyptic	apocalyptic	ADJ	gloom	NOUN	 gloom
Oxford's coaches were A. J. M. Durand (who had rowed for the Dark Blues in the 1920 race	race	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The show is held every January at the National Western Complex northeast of downtown. Denver has one of the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Under the early regency, both the Pierlot and subsequent Achille Van Acker governments attempted to avoid confronting the issue	issue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In an AP interview, he explained that during Prohibition, " the budget was balanced, prisons were emptied	emptied	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The dzong is part of the Drukpa Lineage of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism in Bhutan. It is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Stephen Fry was one celebrity who joined the campaign for clemency. Reprieve also released hundreds of emails that Shaikh	Shaikh	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Among them was a cover to Batgirl # 41 by artist Rafael Albuquerque that took its inspiration from The Killing	Killing	PROPN	Joke	PROPN	 Joke
The new design, 900 feet (274.3 m) long at the waterline and known as Design X,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
During this brief war, one Pony Express mailing, which left San Francisco on July 21, 1860,	,	PUNCT	did	AUX	 did
Other incidents in Okinawa included the flag being torn down during school ceremonies and students refusing to honor the flag	flag	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
The area is relatively well wooded, with both coniferous plantations and broadleaved woodland on the surrounding hills, and	and	CCONJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
It is in the northeast part of the Greater Manchester Urban Area, the UK's third largest conurbation,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
However, a hole was punched in the bottom of Herbert's monocoque chassis during the session as a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
that are as demanding and as artistically innovative. " Dugan responded to common criticisms of the game, including	including	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Davies conceived the idea that the two characters might be connected midway through the production of the 2007 series.	.	PUNCT	Barrowman	NOUN	 Barrowman
Concerned that this placed his squadron in danger of becoming separated during the night, Warren ordered his faster ships	ships	NOUN	to	PART	 to
According to Barry Wiley during the board and spring balance experiment, Home refused for Crookes to sit near him	him	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Bradley Stern of MuuMuse likened the video's choreography and dancer's wardrobe to Janet Jackson's " Feedback "	"	PUNCT	video	NOUN	 video
The principal reason given for the decision was the increasing loss of viewers to SMTV Live, which had a	a	DET	similar	ADJ	 similar
He was acknowledged by the geologist Edward William Binney as " the most profound thinker of his class ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Since the 1970s, Nimitz class carriers have participated in many conflicts and operations across the world, including Operation	Operation	PROPN	Eagle	PROPN	 Eagle
Another club employee, George Castagnola, pleaded guilty to helping Hurwitz kill Moreau. The death by strangulation occurred	occurred	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Nearly the entire production of an episode is accomplished within one set of offices, which were originally at a	a	DET	complex	NOUN	 complex
The film was entirely financed by Channel 4 and cost over one million pounds to make according to Coates.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The first in the trilogy, Suspiria (1977), had turned the director into what Alan Jones called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Water from the spring flowed into the swimming pool, half of which was sectioned off and featured heated water	water	NOUN	piped	VERB	 piped
All this was to be gleaned from the writing of others who had seen these places themselves. The first	first	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Miller never captained Australia in a Test, as his attitude to the game tended to alarm the authorities.	.	PUNCT	About	ADP	 About
HCA offers over 90 programs for ages 3 – 93, creating a " united nations " of arts under	under	ADP	one	NUM	 one
As the surplus grew, Cleveland and the reformers called for a tariff for revenue only. His message to	to	ADP	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
Handlen concluded that the episode was " like watching someone's fan fiction getting brought to life ". He	He	PRON	did	AUX	 did
At the time, French literary appetites for fantastic stories had been whetted by the 1829 translation of German writer	writer	NOUN	E.	PROPN	 E.
Hummus bi tahini is also eaten primarily during this time the day. Ghada is a term for lunch,	,	PUNCT	usually	ADV	 usually
An additional part of the agreement required Burger King Corporation to provide administrative and advertising support as to insure a	a	DET	common	ADJ	 common
Within hours of moving onshore, the system had substantially weakened, and by February 5, Geralda had degenerated	degenerated	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The precise value of a numeral was determined by its position; as a numeral shifted upwards, its basic	basic	ADJ	value	NOUN	 value
The Pokémon version of the video uses the censored lyrics, while the other one uses the album version of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coronations were once a direct visual expression of these alleged connections, but recent centuries have seen the lessening of	of	ADP	such	ADJ	 such
The bathroom scene where Tyler Durden bathes next to the narrator is an example of the overtones; the line	line	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Farah Khan and Boman Irani re created scenes and characters from KKHH for posters to promote their film, and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
In addition to supporting the inclusion of coverage for abortions in healthcare, Olver has consistently supported pro choice legislation	legislation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The greatest extent of Einsatzgruppen action occurred in 1941 and 1942 in Ukraine and Russia. Before the invasion there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
Without Ryan, Fontaine takes over control of Ryan's systems, and leaves Jack to die as he releases	releases	VERB	hostile	ADJ	 hostile
One study indicates a possible connection between titanium and yellow nail syndrome. An unknown mechanism in plants may use	use	VERB	titanium	NOUN	 titanium
These transfers were completed the following year. In 2004, however, the southern terminus was moved north three	three	NUM	blocks	NOUN	 blocks
Despite the hype, some eventually withdrew from consideration due to the time commitment and low pay. Mara had	had	AUX	worked	VERB	 worked
They do, however, also eat their prey from the ground, and they often find inconspicuous places to	to	PART	perch	NOUN	 perch
However, though he was stopped at M. 42 of Movement 10, he continued to work on his revision	revision	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the invasion of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) by its northern neighbor, the Democratic People	People	PROPN	's	PART	's
Running the entire length of the south range the Long Gallery is roofed with heavy gritstone slabs, the weight	weight	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hence, many Chetnik prisoners were handed British Army uniforms and given non combatant duties throughout Italy, such as	as	ADP	guarding	VERB	 guarding
Vinayak tends to repackage scenes from his earlier movies. Akula Siva pens strong punch lines to enthral Ram Charan	Charan	PROPN	fans	NOUN	 fans
" South Africa won the second Test match, their first Test win in England, although Verity took six	six	NUM	wickets	NOUN	 wickets
He regarded Opabinia as so important to understanding this phenomenon that he wanted to call his book Homage to Opabinia	Opabinia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Many analysts believe that economic progress for Malawi depends on its ability to control population growth. In January 2015	2015	NUM	southern	ADJ	 southern
Full speed ahead! " The fleet succeeded in entering the bay. Farragut then triumphed over the opposition of	of	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
" Murphy intended her storyline to highlight the fact that bullying can be damaging without necessarily being overt. He	He	PRON	stated	VERB	 stated
Long Island itself was also known as Nassau during early Dutch rule. Though many alumni of Princeton University think	think	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
To which He replied: ' I have no desire to eat the flesh of this Paschal Lamb with you	you	PRON	'	PUNCT	 '
Her acting performances have been met with praise by critics and film producers. She was named a " scene	scene	NOUN	stealer	NOUN	 stealer
Evil Dead II received general acclaim from critics and is often considered to be better than the original, and	and	CCONJ	Army	PROPN	 Army
States most commonly mentioned as being potential superpowers, are China, India, the European Union, Russia and	and	CCONJ	Brazil	PROPN	 Brazil
" Broken Hearted Girl " was subsequently released as the seventh overall single from I Am.. Sasha Fierce and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1808 he procured a copy of the superior Meyrick's Herbal, from which he learned the first principles	principles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He made his debut in Grays ' first game of the season away to Torquay United in the 0 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
Rachel Shelley as Elizabeth Russell Paul Blackthorne as Captain Andrew Russell. Since the script also demanded a British cast	cast	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, by that time, Piccinino and his men had conquered all of southern Italy except Naples, Capua	Capua	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the early 19th century, a US Indian agent explained the Seminoles this way: " The word Seminole	Seminole	PROPN	means	VERB	 means
Shortly after takeoff from the airport at Veszprém Jutas on the afternoon of 12 April, the command plane,	,	PUNCT	code	NOUN	 code
The ships fire torpedoes, which are not affected by the gravitational pull of the star. The ships have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
Boys anti tank rifles were useless against the German tanks, although Bren gun fire was effective against the German	German	ADJ	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
The Division then proceeded to German South West Africa, making stops in Swakopmund and Lüderitzbucht, and South Africa	Africa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gavin Hood has announced that multiple " secret endings " exist for the film and that the endings will differ	differ	VERB	from	ADP	 from
She calls the dog characters endearing and writes, " This title will be a hit at storytime or in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Twenty year old actress Jennifer Lawrence was chosen to play Katniss Everdeen. Though Lawrence was four years older than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gil has been married four times. His fourth wife is Flora Nair Giordano Gil Moreira. The couple has	has	VERB	five	NUM	 five
In 1939, the newly elected Pope Pius XII appointed several prominent Jewish scholars to posts at the Vatican after	after	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
However, conditions in Palestine were deteriorating. By the time the division arrived, instead of training, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In Memphis, she was managed by Jim Cornette. During a mixed battle royal, Martel suffered an injury	injury	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He had collected this specimen in 1921, from rocks that were assigned to the Lance Formation, now the	the	DET	Frenchman	PROPN	 Frenchman
", Colonial Pipeline Co. v. Traigle, 421 US 100. " This material alleged to be a quotation	quotation	NOUN	does	AUX	 does
His campaign was noted for his colourful methods to sway voters: posters of his face were placed on every	every	DET	pole	NOUN	 pole
Arthur Honegger proclaimed that Prokofiev would " remain for us the greatest figure of contemporary music, " and the	the	DET	American	ADJ	 American
Horse drawn traffic was partially banned from the tunnel during peak hours in July 1939 and completely banned in August	August	PROPN	1947	NUM	 1947
For example, in The History of Henry Milner, Part I (1822) and The History of the	the	DET	Fairchild	PROPN	 Fairchild
The redevelopment of the city was planned by Sir Patrick Abercrombie in his 1943 Plan for Plymouth whilst simultaneously working	working	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The war lasted from 1960 to 1996, and saw the US backed military commit genocide against the indigenous Maya	Maya	PROPN	peoples	NOUN	 peoples
His figures collate the daily casualty tallies kept by each unit under Haig's command. Third Army casualties were	were	AUX	87,226	NUM	 87,226
Following the invasion of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) by its northern neighbor, the Democratic People	People	PROPN	's	PART	's
As they neared the entrance to the straits suspicious sails were sighted in the south west. Dance sent some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
This can happen, for instance, if two lengths of dissimilar transmission lines are joined together. This article	article	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
It is bounded to the north and west by the Severn Estuary and the Bristol Channel, its coastline facing	facing	VERB	southeastern	ADJ	 southeastern
Surrey needed 244 to win but Fender's instruction to his batsmen to attempt to score faster had an adverse	adverse	ADJ	effect	NOUN	 effect
They would be accompanied by Integrity, and by the elderly colonial schooner Francis which had been in service since	since	SCONJ	1792	NUM	 1792
Both are controlled by the City of London Corporation. Hampstead Heath incorporates Kenwood House, the former stately home	home	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
IGN's Eric Goldman rated the episode 9 / 10, calling it " very satisfying ", and Gerrick	Gerrick	PROPN	Kennedy	PROPN	 Kennedy
The fear of national disintegration were played upon military leaders close to Suharto and remained as one of Indonesia's	's	PART	strongest	ADJ	 strongest
1 Peter 5: 3. Phrases not in Vaticanus but in later manuscripts include Matthew 5: 44 –	–	PUNCT	εὐλογεῖτε	NOUN	 εὐλογεῖτε
Although production of the new vehicle finally began in 1942, it was not until August 1944 that the Verdeja	Verdeja	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Hatt ı hümayuns could be composed from scratch, rather than as a response to an existing document. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
They also sought military training by Turkish officers. Hananu and some of his aides traveled to Mar ' ash	ash	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Having prevented another Korean War, STRIKE, together with Naja and Cash, attack an old Mongol era fortress	fortress	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As LeMond embraced his wife and rejoiced on the Champs Élysées, Fignon collapsed onto the tarmac, then sat	sat	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In June 1777, General John Burgoyne began an attempt to gain control of this key area by moving south	south	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Chalukyan temples were, almost always, built facing the east. The Sanctum (cella) is connected by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
So the questions in the song came from me asking God what was so great about Him that my dad	dad	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Doria killed three people and caused $138 million in damage (1971 USD) in the state. Tropical	Tropical	PROPN	Storm	PROPN	 Storm
" In the Toronto Star Raju Mudhar wrote that the " humour is classic Kids, with plenty of visual	visual	ADJ	gags	NOUN	 gags
Victor Amadeus, for his part, continued to protest for three years, and only in 1723 decided to	to	PART	recognize	VERB	 recognize
As of early 2012, the ENA and other INSDC member databases each contained complete genomes of 5,682 organisms and	and	CCONJ	sequence	NOUN	 sequence
In 2005, about 93% of world potassium production was consumed by the fertilizer industry. The potassium cation	cation	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This, it was hoped, would evade the Canadian customs posts and provide an American controlled route into the	the	DET	interior	NOUN	 interior
A Brief History of the Jesuit Missions of Chiquitos (PDF). Springfield, IL: University of Illinois	Illinois	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
By November 2010, the game had sold 603,000 copies worldwide. The game received generally negative reviews at release	release	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Serpens Caput's boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, are defined by a 15 sided polygon	polygon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" He received top billing after the film, but while he acknowledged the importance of the role to his	his	PRON	career	NOUN	 career
Bungie's own Frank O'Connor confirmed that both Xbox and Xbox 360 users would have access to the content.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Trinity Grammar School in Prospect Road is a private school catering for students from PreK to Year 12. The	The	DET	schools	NOUN	 schools
He played for time, convincing his ally Castlereagh to come to Vienna for talks before a scheduled congress in	in	ADP	Verona	PROPN	 Verona
The 1992 primary was so close it forced a recount and prompted a lawsuit. When Ohio Secretary of State	State	PROPN	Bob	PROPN	 Bob
A study in Tomales Bay in northern California determined that they depart when the water temperature drops below 10 –	–	PUNCT	12	NUM	 12
The planet orbits Kepler 9 every 19.243 days, and it lies some.14 AU from the star. To compare	compare	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Huxley wanted science to be secular, without religious interference, and his article in the April 1860 Westminster Review	Review	PROPN	promoted	VERB	 promoted
Louis seized Vidin and imprisoned Ivan Stratsimir in May or June. Within three months, his troops occupied Ivan	Ivan	PROPN	Stratsimir	PROPN	 Stratsimir
Windows Insider builds continued being released after the release to manufacturing (RTM) of Windows 10. Microsoft promoted	promoted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Reitman said that he would have changed the movie with Martin and given Martin " his Lost in Translation.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It occurs off southern Africa, typically offshore at a depth of 180 – 480 m (590 – 1,570	1,570	NUM	ft	X	 ft
Later on in the season, Mitchell suffered a concussion himself, receiving a hit from opposing forward Evgeni Malkin	Malkin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In response, Clinton remarked, " CBS paid for it, I paid for it. I don't	n't	PART	like	VERB	 like
A coup d'état drove Ivan Stefan out of the capital Tarnovo in 1331, and the conspirators placed Ivan Alexander	Alexander	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
These speculations can not be proven without doubt but as a governor, Odaenathus would have been the highest authority	authority	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
18 March 1894). He then married Lila Rupert on 1 June 1897. With Lila he had a	a	DET	further	ADJ	 further
The G was truncated to Court Square full time. Construction headways on eleven routes were lengthened, and off	off	ADP	peak	NOUN	 peak
Around this time, numerous anonymous bronze coins with simply Βασιλεύς (Basileus, " King ") on the	the	DET	obverse	NOUN	 obverse
When he restructured the UGG's capital, Brownlee included a rider that non farmers who held shares at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The staff were forever grateful to the Eisenhowers for including them in the festivities. From its completion in 1955	1955	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The use of the phrase " running to stand still " dates to at least to the 1920s and 1930s	1930s	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A station in Martinique reported hurricane force winds, and about 20,000 people on the island lost power. After	After	ADP	entering	VERB	 entering
Newer technologies are being explored that use a variety of heat sources and heat delivery systems. Wall conduction in	in	ADP	situ	NOUN	 situ
A 90 minute version of the show also aired on BBC Choice and was entitled L & K Replay.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" In 2013, DC President Diane Nelson says that a Sandman film will be as rich as the Harry	Harry	PROPN	Potter	PROPN	 Potter
Whether the performance is given by vocalists or instrumentalists, the performers may be soloists or part of a small	small	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
The eleventh Su 27 M (T10 M 11) was built by KnAAPO and delivered in 1995 for the	the	DET	installation	NOUN	 installation
Surely if I didn't exist, there would be someone to fill my place. " Beginning in April	April	PROPN	2014	NUM	 2014
In 1946, she married Lewis Rosensteil, the multimillionaire founder of the Schenley liquor distillery, and they had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Clements was one of several people who have been referred to as the " father of Kentucky's state parks	parks	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2007, Microsoft collaborated with amusement park Six Flags Mexico to promote the Xbox 360 as well as Viva	Viva	PROPN	Piñata	PROPN	 Piñata
The ship's complement was 137 officers and men in peacetime, but it increased to 146 in wartime.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to the report, both sections of the stream are poor sites for angling. The upper reaches of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is often windy with a marked variation between hot summers and cold, humid winters. The city is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The storm halted the operation of mines and rendered 72 highways temporarily unusable. Crops suffered extensively; 64,000 ha	ha	INTJ	(	PUNCT	 (
" In The Shadows in the Cave, Curtis emphasises that he does not discount the possibility of any terrorist	terrorist	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
L.A. Noire debuted in Japan for the week of 4 – 10 July and sold a combined 71,057 units on	on	ADP	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
No. 76 Squadron's Sabres, armed with Sidewinder missiles, were to defend against possible attack by Indonesian	Indonesian	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
In terms of rushing offense, the two teams differed wildly. Virginia Tech, led by Vick, ran	ran	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" By April 2008, Zinta had completed shooting for Jahnu Barua's drama Har Pal. In the same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
The courier and a relative (who was either a brother or a cousin) were killed in the May	May	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
In addition to serving these communities, Chester station is commonly used to access local street festivals such as the	the	DET	Taste	PROPN	 Taste
The coup took place on 17 December 1926 and was largely organized by the military; Smetona's role remains	remains	VERB	the	DET	 the
Wavell assisted in equipping the force. The unit, initially known as the No.1 Long Range Patrol Unit (	(	PUNCT	LRP	PROPN	LRP
Two main charges were brought to the House of Commons against Marlborough: first, an assertion that over nine	nine	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
In addition, the Umayyad authorities were preoccupied by the rebellion of al Harith ibn Surayj, which broke out	out	ADP	in	ADP	 in
Believing the Joker allowed himself to be captured, Batman accompanies him into the asylum. The Joker's plan	plan	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
On both occasions, however, the subsequent referendum of all students reversed that decision and Bristol remains affiliated to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The final issue featured a stand alone story titled " A Letter from Snake Eyes. " Narrating from his	his	PRON	perspective	NOUN	 perspective
The match duration was twelve minutes and twenty nine seconds. Angle was forced to sit out of the match	match	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
A short intermission ensued while the stage was cleared and a Dutch TV film was shown, displaying footage of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2007, the UK Film Council declared Pride and Prejudice one of the television dramas that have become "	"	PUNCT	virtual	ADJ	 virtual
According to The Observer, the home console versions were popular and encouraged users to learn programming; many who	who	PRON	later	ADV	 later
He pleaded no contest on November 25 and received a year's probation, a $1,000 fine, and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
At 1000 UTC on August 23, the hurricane made landfall along the northern Outer Banks of North Carolina,	,	PUNCT	near	ADP	 near
Traffic was diverted onto the original route alignment after the West Davisville Road interchange, passing over the Amtrak rail	rail	NOUN	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by Mark Fergus & Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum	Marcum	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
His law partners in New Orleans took care of his firm's affairs there. About this time Benjamin sold	sold	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In a context in which people are understood to be rational beings, reason is developed out of these notions	notions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Final separation occurred in 1935, and in 1959 they adopted the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, embracing regular	regular	ADJ	masonry	NOUN	 masonry
As the team knew that Wipeout Pure would have to be shipped out in time for the PlayStation Portable's	's	PART	release	NOUN	 release
The player can access up to eight weapons during a mission. Pressing the attack button repeatedly while in combat	combat	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The homepage featured a Web banner with the site's name and a pixel counter displaying the number of pixels	pixels	NOUN	sold	VERB	 sold
The town of Taunton, in Somerset, was considered to be of strategic importance because it controlled the main	main	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
In KJRM service, 78 T was renamed T3. In April 1941, Yugoslavia entered World War II when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The Doctor and Rose say their goodbyes and disappear in the TARDIS, and the astounded Dickens walks away through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon making landfall on Louisiana, the storm produced a moderate storm surge, causing tidal flooding. In a	a	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Prior to the contest, its best result was third place which was achieved twice: in 2001 with the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Because of the concentration of these industries in the north of England, in Scotland and in Wales, the	the	DET	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
Milly Hines – the teenage mother of Joe Christmas. She conceives after a tryst with a member of a	a	DET	traveling	VERB	 traveling
Gilbert was born at 17 Southampton Street, Strand, London. His father, also named William, was	was	AUX	briefly	ADV	 briefly
" Amy Reiter of the Los Angeles Times noted, " Every character in that family rings emotionally true.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Australian National Lines (ANL) constructed two 74,700 ton coal burner ships called the River Boyne and River	River	PROPN	Embely	ADV	 Embely
McCoy is a member of the Church of Christ, and attended Westover Hills Church of Christ in Austin,	,	PUNCT	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
The Padres played host to the Atlanta Braves on April 20, 1978, and with two out in the	the	DET	top	NOUN	 top
During this time, Johnson witnessed Christopher Smart's decline into " penury and the madhouse ", and feared	feared	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
While the Rooms were not open to the general public, they could be accessed by appointment, with access	access	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
It cleverly walks just this side of parody, getting away with lines like, ' I wished I could	could	AUX	personally	ADV	 personally
Acknowledging the problem, the IAU set about creating the definition of planet, and produced one in August 2006	2006	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Scholars regard the badnjak customs as practises inherited from the old Slavic religion. In the pre Christian religion	religion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The creation of nuclear weapons arose from scientific and political developments of the 1930s. The decade saw many new	new	ADJ	discoveries	NOUN	 discoveries
Within a few years the market was entirely publicly owned, and the council took responsibility for the upkeep of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The band was also despectively qualified as " cebolleros " (drama queens). The internal relationship of the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
After being injured as a passenger in two serious automobile accidents, one in the United States in 1952 and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
What reticence, what loserism had afflicted them? " Steinem later recalled that the 1972 Convention was the only	only	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Allen's relationship with Mandarić became tense and after only four games Allen left by mutual consent on 29 August	August	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
In summary, the main competencies of the Tagora were its spacious cabin (though it was not class leading	leading	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
" Previously, one of her new costumes for Dimensions also severely upset some fans when the game was announced	announced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He was returned as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hindon the same year, serving repeatedly as	as	ADP	Attorney	PROPN	 Attorney
The dorsal banding pattern fades with age, so older individuals are an almost uniform olive brown, grayish brown	brown	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
At her hotel, Cayce is intercepted and drugged by Dorotea and wakes up in a mysterious prison facility.	.	PUNCT	Cayce	PROPN	 Cayce
In October, Ostfriesland was equipped with a pair of 8.8 cm flak guns for anti air defense. Ostfriesland	Ostfriesland	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Casey took over the task of preparing a voluminous report on flood control. The Corps of Engineers was criticized	criticized	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The SOE agents selected a landing zone for the sappers, which was approximately 5 kilometres (3.1 mi)	)	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
In 1919 he continued his studies at several pesantren outside the city, including ones in rural Gresik and in	in	ADP	nearby	ADJ	 nearby
Kemp co sponsored a legislative attempt at enterprise zones in 1980. One of Kemp's more trying times as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The depression slowly intensified as it tracked north northwestward into the northwestern Caribbean Sea. Shortly before entering the Yucatan	Yucatan	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
Marble statues of Sappho and Sophocles were bequeathed by Frida Mond in 1923, a friend of Israel Gollancz,	,	PUNCT	Professor	PROPN	 Professor
In addition to saving time, this also made New Jersey cheaper to reactivate since the cost needed to modernize	modernize	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Bull Dog Club was an honor society created in 1910 originally as a social branch of Tech's Koseme	Koseme	PROPN	Society	PROPN	 Society
At the Homestead Air Force Base, re opened two years later as Homestead Air Reserve Base, most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The television film Total Recall 2070 was initially planned as a spin off of the film Total Recall, and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
In early September, Huntsman began shifting campaign resources from Florida to New Hampshire; by moving staffers, Huntsman	Huntsman	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
In Fairy Tales and the Art of Subversion Jack Zipes notes that Perrault " sought to portray ideal types to	to	PART	reinforce	VERB	 reinforce
Carr and Tyler continued: " but these have little to do with Harrison and it is the [Indian	Indian	ADJ	]	PUNCT	]
His reaction to the new and rearranged characters ' themes were more mixed, with him praising " Snow's	's	PART	Theme	NOUN	 Theme
Mingus had played with Ellington before, deputising for the regular bassist in the leader's orchestra in 1953,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Initially there was confusion as to what would happen next. Keith Brown, the race starter, was interviewed	interviewed	VERB	briefly	ADV	 briefly
Ceará arrived in Paraguay in mid 1868 and provided fire support for the army for the rest of the war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Historically, this species was thought to be very closely related to the house sparrow, but its closest evolutionary	evolutionary	ADJ	affinities	NOUN	 affinities
On 6 April, both Greece and Yugoslavia were to be attacked. Britain was obliged to assist Greece by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
She then visited Balcic in Romania and Varna in Bulgaria, before returning via Istanbul and the Greek island of	of	ADP	Corfu	PROPN	 Corfu
From 1944, Guest was Leader of the House until he retired from political office in 1948. He retained	retained	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Industrial activities ceased at the dock with the closure of the power stations. The Port of Bristol Authority finally	finally	ADV	closed	VERB	 closed
Overexpression of systemin and HypSys has been found to improve plants ' tolerance to abiotic stress, including salt stress	stress	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the 2008 season, political discussions were common in the Maryland locker room because of the presidential election.	.	PUNCT	Turner	PROPN	 Turner
He also revealed that the recurring character of Daniels wasn't entirely human, and that this would be revealed	revealed	VERB	during	ADP	 during
During the tour, Mustaine and Ellefson considered firing Samuelson for his drug abuse. According to Mustaine, Samuelson	Samuelson	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The only major deviation was to allow construction of the CWS Irlam soap works and the adjacent Partington Steel &	&	CCONJ	Iron	PROPN	 Iron
N ' Djamena, the capital, is the largest city. Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic	ethnic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The committee accepted the proposal, calling it the " Type IV " (of five designs), and	and	CCONJ	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Christel Loar from PopMatters found the album similar to Light Years and Fever and commended the production, opining that	that	SCONJ	while	SCONJ	 while
A significant amount of research has focused on determining the processes that initiate tooth development. It is widely accepted	accepted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Of the six that have been ordered, four will be leased and two will be fully acquired by British	British	PROPN	Airways	PROPN	 Airways
In 1790 he married Jane Wilson, the couple having eloped on her 21st birthday. The marriage proved happy	happy	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Difficulty in accessing financing is also a major concern, specially for small and medium enterprises. According to Goldman	Goldman	PROPN	Sachs	PROPN	 Sachs
These matrimonial unions could be evidence of an alliance between Guðrøðr and Muirchertach in the 1150s. Mac Scelling's	's	PART	participation	NOUN	 participation
He hoped that it would be running by Christmas 1939, but the outbreak of the Second World War quashed	quashed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In the letter, Thompson stated that Half Life was directly responsible for the Erfurt massacre, as well as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The coaches are fully air conditioned, equipped with automatic doors, microprocessor controlled brakes and secondary air suspension,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The same study identified two habitable states for a water rich planet. If the planet has a very thin	thin	ADJ	atmosphere	NOUN	 atmosphere
The team employed frequent reviews of when these powers were introduced to the player as other gameplay elements were added	added	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Confessions of a Broken Heart (Daughter to Father) " is a alternative rock song that lasts for	for	ADP	three	NUM	 three
In March 2004, with a federal election expected in the spring or summer, Prime Minister Paul Martin approached	approached	VERB	Dosanjh	PROPN	 Dosanjh
Her defeat signals the coming of Tempus Finis, as the first cycle is deemed a failure. She later	later	ADV	appears	VERB	 appears
Despite the bowl loss, the 2006 season was ECU's first winning season since 2000, and the Papajohns.com	Papajohns.com	PROPN	Bowl	PROPN	 Bowl
Amalric turned towards Egypt because Muslim territory to the east of Jerusalem had fallen under the control of the powerful	powerful	ADJ	Zengid	PROPN	 Zengid
She privately admits to Alex that she realized that she could live independently of Derek but chose not to.	.	PUNCT	Meredith	PROPN	 Meredith
Shocked at the sudden demand, for 80 minutes she contemplated the decision, then finally " with deep regret	regret	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Anglo French force, which included Jean Bart, succeeded in cutting off and sinking the Austro Hungarian protected	protected	VERB	cruiser	NOUN	 cruiser
The Supreme Court held that categorical exclusion of blacks from juries for no other reason than their race violated the	the	DET	Equal	PROPN	 Equal
The song broke the record for the highest jump to number one at a time which was later broken by	by	ADP	Kelly	PROPN	 Kelly
A report released by Oxfam in June 2008 criticized biofuel policies of rich countries as neither a solution to the	the	DET	climate	NOUN	 climate
When William left for Holland in July Marlborough was one of the Lords Justices left running the country in his	his	PRON	absence	NOUN	 absence
A social relationship developed, and during the summer of 1862 the Bülows stayed with Wagner at the composer's	's	PART	home	NOUN	 home
The music video was well received among critics. Sam Lansky from MTV News called it dazzling and colourful,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
To the east of this is a window designed by Michael Farrar Bell dated 1985, to the memory of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
This 900 foot (270 m) hill, which was steep and densely forested, provided an excellent firing	firing	NOUN	position	NOUN	 position
Meanwhile, Ryan Nichols is hunting Michael down after seeing him attack and kidnap his wife. In the end	end	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
NATO supported a reconstruction of Banak, partially raised by increased focus on flanking maneuver strategies, and also to	to	PART	serve	VERB	 serve
Temime was involved in a controversy regarding her work on Fleur Delacour's wedding dress. She was accused of	of	ADP	copying	VERB	 copying
McKay had to issue a public apology after shouting an obscenity at the end zone stands, saying later that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
" Scalia believed that the death penalty is constitutional. He dissented in decisions that hold the death penalty unconstitutional	unconstitutional	ADJ	as	SCONJ	 as
Surfer Rosa's lyrical content includes examinations of mutilation and incest in " Break My Body " and " Broken	Broken	PROPN	Face	PROPN	 Face
Rachel dissipated several hours later on October 3. By that time, the winds had decreased to 30 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
One other Hamilcar variant was proposed, although it never went into production or appeared to go further than the	the	DET	design	NOUN	 design
The latter wrote that " the most strikingly immediate impression left by the album " concerned its lyrics, which	which	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
No. 33 is mid Georgian. No. 31 is accessed through two 18th century gate piers adorned with	with	ADP	pineapple	NOUN	 pineapple
Lippmann conjectured a hypothetical Greek word ανθήμόνιον anthemonion, which would mean " floret ", and cites several examples	examples	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Home of the Underdogs, described it as being " one of the best fangames ". The game has	has	AUX	also	ADV	 also
He added that the leaked version was an early, unmixed demo recording and, moreover, denied leaking the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
For the former, he did eight months of boxing training and for the latter, he practiced horseback riding	riding	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
(As no Metropolitan Railway train had yet run through to Chesham on the finished line, the train from	from	ADP	Chesham	PROPN	 Chesham
This was followed by " What U See (Is What U Get) " in which she removed her	her	PRON	silver	ADJ	 silver
Sims and Harris led the way to the first conference victory on January 3 against a # 15 ranked Ohio	Ohio	PROPN	State	NOUN	 State
" Frommer's, which calls the Ritz " Europe's greatest hotel ", describes the furnishings as follows	follows	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Janolino swung his bolo at Luna, wounding him in the head. Janolino's men fired at Luna,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Most of the orchestral writing, says the music analyst Eric Roseberry, lies " well within the range of	of	ADP	intelligent	ADJ	 intelligent
At 13 km (8.1 mi) deep, its floor is the lowest point on the surface of the	the	DET	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
Andy Gill of The Independent described the 2009 debut album A Friend of a Friend as " akin to one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
David Chater, writing for The Times, said that " Nana's Party " was like " a more	more	ADV	twisted	ADJ	 twisted
North Indians, who dominate 48 essential services in Mumbai, constitute a sizeable — and hence decisive — vote	vote	NOUN	bank	NOUN	 bank
I like the relaxed swing of " Always Be My Baby ", and the brisk waltz tempo of Forever	Forever	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Grosart divided most of that money equally by constituency, to the disgruntlement of Quebec Tories, who were used	used	VERB	to	ADP	 to
As a consequence, Mark struggled to balance his work and personal lives. McGregor stated that he shared some	some	DET	similarities	NOUN	 similarities
The National Hurricane Center uses the data to evaluate conditions at landfall and to verify forecasts. The idea of	of	ADP	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
One of the first to arrive in the village following its re capture was US Congressman Frank McCloskey, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He retired in 1976, but continued to follow the sport very closely. Kilburn twice accompanied the England team	team	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The city was then used as an assembly point for tanks, artillery and armored vehicles that moved south against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
Harrisburg is the county seat of Saline County with a mayor and council form of government. The city has	has	VERB	four	NUM	 four
He and a male nurse often entertained the patients with comedy routines. He found work at the Mime Theatre	Theatre	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
Rick Dickinson came up with a number of designs for the " ZX82 " project before the final ZX Spectrum	Spectrum	PROPN	design	NOUN	 design
Principal photography for the episode transpired at the Goat Farm Arts Center in the West Midtown neighborhood of Atlanta,	,	PUNCT	Georgia	PROPN	 Georgia
This interpretation is consistent with Auden's many prose statements about the theological importance of the body. The Karst	Karst	PROPN	topography	NOUN	 topography
The program's scheduled broadcast time was 21: 00, but the channel often delayed its broadcast by up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
Andrew Romano of Newsweek similarly noted that it " lives up to the hype ". Summing the record up	up	ADP	as	ADP	 as
It is his most important Berlin work. An imposing external feature of the building is the tower, approximately	approximately	ADV	80	NUM	 80
Sujatha Rangarajan was assigned to write the dialogues for Sivaji. Tha. Prabhu Raja Cholan, who would later	later	ADV	direct	VERB	 direct
On the other hand, despite the humiliating peace treaty, Byzantium's losses were not excessive, especially considering	considering	VERB	the	DET	 the
He reported to the Pentagon for duty in the Office of the Secretary of the Army Chief of Staff from	from	ADP	1945	NUM	 1945
Cyclogenesis is an umbrella term for at least three different processes, all of which result in the development of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
She was bred by Frank Vessels of Los Alamitos, California, and trained by Earl Holmes. Chicado V	V	PROPN	started	VERB	 started
Precipitation per year averages 429.2 millimetres (16.9 in). There are 47 wet days annually, which are	are	AUX	associated	VERB	 associated
In November 2010, Anderson was again a contestant on Family Feud, this time as Mr. Anderson, teaming	teaming	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Investigators discovered that the engine case had ' multiple breaches '. On May 27, 2016, on Korean	Korean	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
However, Charles understood that noble encroachment of power had helped cause the revolt, and embarked upon a new	new	ADJ	reform	NOUN	 reform
Counties, significantly altered in terms of territory relative to the pre 1920s subdivisions, were reintroduced in 1992 legislation	legislation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was launched shortly before the war ended and entered service in late 1945. From 1945 to 1947 she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He mostly learned to play bass guitar by " listening to records and picking out notes ", with formal	formal	ADJ	training	NOUN	 training
Wenham aimed to maintain a monochromatic color scheme for the film, with muted blacks and grays, including his	his	PRON	choice	NOUN	 choice
Bond sees supply flights of arms and equipment coming into the country, all funded by billionaire Hulbert Linck;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The River Exe, from which Exmoor takes its name, rises at Exe Head near the village of Simonsbath	Simonsbath	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In late December 1943, Hühnewaldt was tasked with the defence of Banja Luka, the second largest city in	in	ADP	Bosnia	PROPN	 Bosnia
I have loved this character all season long — and not just solely for [his] physical attributes...	...	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
During 2007 the limited edition DVD from the film ranked 23rd with a sales ratio of 23. In the	the	DET	NEO	PROPN	 NEO
Examples are brotizolam, midazolam, and triazolam. Intermediate acting compounds have a median half life of 12 –	–	SYM	40	NUM	 40
Military historian Stephen W. Sears wrote, " When he deserted his army on the Glendale and Malvern Hill battlefields	battlefields	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Aldis lost the case, but won on appeal, when the Supreme Court of Illinois found that owners of	of	ADP	property	NOUN	 property
The battle lasted various days, and the Spanish were supported by indigenous warriors from central Mexico. The battle	battle	NOUN	eventually	ADV	 eventually
Mu Gruis, composed of Mu1 and Mu2, is also an optical double — both stars are yellow giants	giants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The company also preserved, for over a century, what The Times called a " unique performance style	style	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thus, 85% of undergraduates live on campus. All freshmen are housed in one of 14 residences on	on	ADP	East	PROPN	 East
" In 1939, the advertising of hard liquor on billboards and in newspapers was voluntarily discontinued. Also,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
A week before the start of the league season, Arsenal sacked manager Rioch and cited the decision was in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Loyalists, led by Bishop Charles Inglis fled to Windsor, Nova Scotia, where they founded King's	's	PART	Collegiate	PROPN	 Collegiate
Shortly after the assembly area was established George, who was severely wounded from the Claymore explosion, turned his	his	PRON	company	NOUN	 company
Braathens SAFE's first domestic service was via Tønsberg Airport, Jarlsberg to Stavanger, and later a route to	to	ADP	Trondheim	PROPN	 Trondheim
The new homes were specifically built with different variations to avoid the lack of variety commonly seen in industrial housing	housing	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Many of the human and animal figures, such as glyphs 200 and 280, have characteristic protuberances on each	each	DET	side	NOUN	 side
Musical Opinion (Luton, Bedfordshire: Musical Opinion Ltd.) 65: 68. 1941 – 1942. ISSN	ISSN	PROPN	0027	NUM	 0027
Author Hal Rothman notes that " for nearly two years the framed structure sat in the hot desert sun,	,	PUNCT	looking	VERB	 looking
Liverpool's form suffered following their 1 – 0 loss to Leicester City in the FA Cup semi final,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The freeway was opened to traffic in 2000, with a traffic light at the intersection of MN 610 and	and	CCONJ	US	PROPN	 US
Each turret would have cost US $1.4 million, but this figure did not take into account the cost	cost	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Once the full order of M8 railcars are in service, and Amtrak tests and approves the M8s for usage	usage	NOUN	east	NOUN	 east
Later, an Air Force reconnaissance aircraft reported a strengthening system; maximum sustained winds increased to 50 mph (	(	PUNCT	80	NUM	80
Coincidentally, this had been Millar's intent when writing the graphic novel, although he and artist J. G.	G.	PROPN	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
To the east and west of the loggia are reconstructed Roman columns, each of which is listed at Grade	Grade	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Two highly venerated pre Mongol churches that have been rebuilt — the Assumption Cathedral and the Cathedral of St. Demetrius	Demetrius	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Judging Captain Scarlet next to its immediate predecessor, Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson's own verdict is unambiguous: "	"	PUNCT	Nothing	PRON	 Nothing
The episode received positive reviews from critics. HitFix Senior Editor Alan Sepinwall wrote, " It wasn't a	a	DET	perfect	ADJ	 perfect
This corresponds to what foreigners observed, like Jacques de Vitry who around 1080 mentioned Acre and Tyre, (	(	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	but
Howe would be re elected six more times from Brunswick County. In 1765, Howe worked with other colonial	colonial	ADJ	leaders	NOUN	 leaders
A public enquiry of 1974 recommended that the bridge remain open to avoid congestion on neighbouring bridges, and it	it	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
Moving ashore with a pressure of 926 mbar, Anita was the third most intense tropical cyclone to strike the	the	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
An American Museum of Natural History expedition led by Sydney Anderson collected the first three specimens of Oecomys sydandersoni in	in	ADP	1964	NUM	 1964
The company's first sleeping cars were operated between Paddington and Plymouth in 1877. Then on 1 October 1892	1892	NUM	its	PRON	 its
He was diagnosed with laryngitis. According to Scott, Harrison recorded " Bye Bye, Love " alone one	one	NUM	night	NOUN	 night
The sequence, where Bond stalks the villains during a performance of Tosca, required 1,500 extras. The production	production	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Being Beetlejuice, however, he remains upbeat: " This could be a good look for me. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ryo composed " Sekiranun Graffiti " and Dixie Flatline composed " Fallin ' Fallin ' Fallin ' "; both	both	DET	songs	NOUN	 songs
His devices were manifold: to suppress agitation, to praise the slaveholding system; to promote Southern prosperity and	and	CCONJ	expansion	NOUN	 expansion
The real guns had been removed three days previously and positioned further inland. Having captured its objectives, No	No	NOUN	.	NOUN	.
On 26 January 1905, Kamimura hoisted his flag again in Izumo at Sasebo and then escorted several troop convoys	convoys	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Bloomberg and The New York Times also said Kaspersky was less aggressive about identifying cyberattacks originating from Russia than from	from	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
A pair of 40 caliber 8 cm / 40 3rd Year Type guns on disappearing mounts provided Hōshō's only	only	ADJ	anti	ADJ	 anti
At the same time, Brezhnev had problems of his own, the Czechoslovakian leadership were also deviating from the	the	DET	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
The letter concerned Augustine's mission to Kent in 597, and in it Gregory says that he believes "	"	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Planting and weeding often required a dirty day of work, since the farmers had to wade through the muddy	muddy	ADJ	water	NOUN	 water
The online version has a fully transcribed set of digital pages, including amendments to the text, and two	two	NUM	images	NOUN	 images
A modified and fictionalized account of the Baird nomination formed the core of Wendy Wasserstein's 1996 play An American	American	PROPN	Daughter	PROPN	 Daughter
June 1977 saw the release of another charting punk album: the Vibrators ' Pure Mania. In July,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
' " But Joe Fox of The Windsor Star recommended it, adding, " [W] henever things	things	NOUN	start	VERB	 start
Another component of extra tropical storm surge is the phenomenon of negative water levels. If strong winds are blowing	blowing	VERB	offshore	ADV	 offshore
" Vince Horiuchi of The Salt Lake Tribune suggested that this film should have been made 30 years ago by	by	ADP	Sam	PROPN	 Sam
The Dominican Red Cross coordinated early medical relief in conjunction with the International Red Cross. The government sent eight	eight	NUM	mobile	ADJ	 mobile
The nymph grips onto the tree bark with all of its legs, swallows air and redistributes haemolymph to split	split	VERB	the	DET	 the
In her first season with The Cottagers Chapman won the South West Combination Women's Football League, the third	third	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
The struggle during the next few years focused on Enna, which became the main Byzantine stronghold in central Sicily	Sicily	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
There is a tower of a 12th century church on Puffin Island still. There is a tradition that St.	St.	PROPN	Seiriol	PROPN	 Seiriol
The last performance of the original Experience line up took place on June 29, 1969, at Barry Fey	Fey	PROPN	's	PART	's
The ACLU lost the case of Joseph Beahharnais, who was arrested for group libel when he distributed literature impugning	impugning	VERB	the	DET	 the
It may also be that the allies had different purposes in the war, and Kirby suggested that Penda's	's	PART	deserting	ADJ	 deserting
The company relocated to a pier on Pratt Street at the foot of Gay Street, where it remained until	until	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
He wouldn't take no shit. " Following the birth of his son, D ' Angelo composed the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Tech scored a touchdown to begin the quarter, but Cal answered with one of its own, making the	the	DET	score	NOUN	 score
Following an online poll, Rowe donated most of his legal defense fund to a children's hospital and used	used	VERB	the	DET	 the
Icke had begun to flirt with alternative medicine and New Age philosophies in the 1980s, in an effort to	to	PART	relieve	VERB	 relieve
No. 10 and 11 Groups dispatched more Squadrons to support the already airborne 11 Hurricanes from No. 601	601	NUM	Squadron	PROPN	 Squadron
In the area near the accident, south of Tebay in Cumbria, on 15 February 2004 another fatal incident	incident	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
It was produced and distributed by the Nikkatsu Company. The story concerns the young hoodlum Akira, his friends	friends	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was originally broadcast on BBC Three on 27 October 2008, and repeated on frontline channel BBC One the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
In his story, Fionna goes on a date with Prince Gumball (voiced by Neil Patrick Harris) and	and	CCONJ	fights	VERB	 fights
More than 1000 of the disappeared from this period have not been found. Skepticism about the matches ' veracity	veracity	NOUN	emerged	VERB	 emerged
The same year, the writers of Complex magazine put the song at number 25 on their list of Beyoncé	Beyoncé	PROPN	's	PART	's
The house incorporated parts of an earlier (15th century) house, including the chimney stacks. The Forsters	Forsters	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In the early 1940s, several sections of US 5 in the Hartford area were upgraded to four lane boulevards	boulevards	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Alternatively, players can ambush enemies, which often results in an intense firefight between the two parties. In	In	ADP	combat	NOUN	 combat
The previous season's transition to fullback was made permanent by the club when Tomkins inherited the number 1 jersey	jersey	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Foreign operas were popular among the upper class throughout the 19th century, while other styles of musical theater included	included	VERB	operettas	NOUN	 operettas
Alfred the Great gradually shifted the settlement into the old Roman town of Londinium from around 886 AD onwards,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
She later wrote about him for her undergraduate senior thesis and made him the subject of her PhD dissertation at	at	ADP	Yale	PROPN	 Yale
The town was put under on and off 24 hour curfews for several months. On 25 March 1973,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
O'Connor described Waypoint as intended to be the prime destination for Halo. The company's first new game,	,	PUNCT	Halo	PROPN	 Halo
At the same time, an alternate route of NY 52 between Stormville and Towners was assigned the NY 216	216	NUM	designation	NOUN	 designation
In May that year, the Federal government agreed to South Vietnam's request for military instructors; Pollard was	was	AUX	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
The western meadowlark and two species of sparrows are the most common types of birds that are seen in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
Dean retired in 1902 to be replaced by George Jackson Churchward, who introduced the familiar 4 6 0 locomotives	locomotives	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The bypass has created problems for cyclists and pedestrians who appear reluctant to cross the road and visit the town	town	NOUN	centre	NOUN	 centre
Some of the novel's human characters were based on the lives and mannerisms on locals living in Oro Valley	Valley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Her maximum coal capacity was 1,700 long tons (1,727 t) plus 500 long tons (510 t)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
In the graphic novel, the son kills once, and in the film, he does not kill anyone	anyone	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike in Halo 3 cooperative campaign where each player takes the role of a different character, in Halo 4	4	NUM	all	DET	 all
On October 27, 2010, one lane in either direction on the Nobel Bypass opened to traffic. The	The	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Consequentially, Circus became Spears's second album after her debut effort... Baby One More Time (1999)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Following an extended period of closure & dereliction, when the Huddersfield canal was in parts filled in or built	built	VERB	over	ADP	 over
The San Diego County regional planning agency, SANDAG, provides tables and graphs breaking down the city population into	into	ADP	5	NUM	 5
Taylor said that the change would have been " too drastic for us ", and the idea was abandoned	abandoned	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
" Shortly after pre sales for the tour began, tickets had already started to appear on the secondary ticketing	ticketing	NOUN	market	NOUN	 market
Beer, as he still named himself, studied with Antonio Salieri and the German master and friend of Goethe	Goethe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When that failed, the Italians bombarded the fortifications defending the Dardanelles to little effect before the main body departed	departed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Ine was to rebuff Sōken's attempts to become involved in Tada's life. Ine continued her studies in	in	ADP	Nagasaki	PROPN	 Nagasaki
Blink 182 announced on February 22, 2005 that they would be going on an " indefinite hiatus ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On 11 June 1941, Iowan departed Los Angeles with a cargo of 4,500 long tons (4,600 t)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Tom Janulewicz from Space.com also reacted positively toward the episode, enjoying the idea of making the character of Skinner	Skinner	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
Sanchez started the next week, but was benched in the third quarter of the Jets ' contest against the	the	DET	Arizona	PROPN	 Arizona
The two games had an aggregate score of 72 – 15, and England were kept try less. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 2012, work began on a new station, which includes two longer high level platforms and an overhead	overhead	ADJ	pedestrian	NOUN	 pedestrian
The Ann Arbor Business Review covers local business in the area. Car and Driver magazine and Automobile Magazine are	are	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Central Mumbai localities were most affected, especially around Dadar and Shivaji Park, the strongholds of both the MNS	MNS	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Al Talaba have won two international club competitions: the 1984 Bangalore Championship and the 2005 Damascus International Championship.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
" The film was reported to have been greeted with widespread derision in preview screenings for the public and critics	critics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During a campaign stop in the town of Delville, Deke Rivers (Elvis Presley) and a workmate deliver	deliver	VERB	an	DET	 an
" In 1978 The Nostalgia Merchant released the film through Media Home Entertainment. By 1980 the 800 title library	library	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was developed in 1926 following a 1925 Admiralty request. Trials were undertaken in 1927. Inexplicably, although	although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The store was originally established in 1947 on the opposite side of Jaffa Road, and moved to a location	location	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
This short but successful campaign earned the regiment its second battle honour, Martinique 1794 — although as with the	the	DET	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
After the 1920 season, Barrow resigned from the Red Sox to become the business manager of the Yankees,	,	PUNCT	replacing	VERB	 replacing
The waters around Sipadan island are the most biodiverse in the world. Bordering East Malaysia, the Sulu Sea	Sea	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
All of the state frequently experiences temperatures above 100° F (38° C) or below 0°	°	NUM	F	PROPN	 F
Alumni currently serving in public office include Senator Jack Reed, Governor of Nebraska David Heineman, Governor of Louisiana	Louisiana	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
The new organisations and equipment gave the infantry platoon the capacity for fire and manoeuvre, even in the absence	absence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I was instrumental in saving several females from the flames. " In the process, he suffered a head	head	NOUN	injury	NOUN	 injury
Unfinished by the end of the war, their construction was suspended in November 1865 and the unseasoned wood of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
During the championship series against the Sixers, Johnson averaged 16.2 points on.533 shooting, 10.8 rebounds, 8.0 assists	assists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During its first four years, Lassie received very decent ratings. However, at the end of the 1958	1958	NUM	1959	NUM	 1959
Marking a departure from the sound Garbage had established on their first two albums, Beautiful Garbage was written and	and	CCONJ	recorded	VERB	 recorded
Meanwhile, Renee Perry (Vanessa Williams) attempts to seduce new neighbor Ben Faulkner (Charles Mesure),	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
She was equipped with two steam engines which were supplemented with three schooner rigged masts. The ship's main	main	ADJ	battery	NOUN	 battery
To achieve this, the American Twentieth Strategic Air Force, in concert with its Allies, dropped 160,800 tons	tons	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The apex was the largest single piece of aluminum cast at the time, when aluminum commanded a price comparable	comparable	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Ryan was praised for keeping his team competitive after being eliminated from playoff contention and keeping their spirits high throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was # 1 for one week in the US on the Billboard 200, the UK Albums Chart for	for	ADP	eleven	NUM	 eleven
The battalion completed its initial training at Puckapunyal, during which time Peeler was made acting staff sergeant and Company	Company	PROPN	Quartermaster	PROPN	 Quartermaster
It is, however, also true of parts of the world where tribal traditions have succumbed to colonialism and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Some reviewers felt that the anime was handled in a frantic and ill planned manner that made the conclusion not	not	PART	satisfactory	ADJ	 satisfactory
In reaction time experiments, most people are slower to identify 0 as even than 2, 4, 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The renovation of the Old Post Office spurred development of an adjacent plaza, which is linked to a new	new	ADJ	$	SYM	 $
Historian Pauline Maier argued that Adams, far from being a radical mob leader, took a moderate position based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Montreal: VLB éditeur, collection Études québécoises. Giguère, Michel (2005). La bande dessinée,	,	PUNCT	populaire	VERB	 populaire
He was also a writer and a poet. Born in the village of Bani Jamra, al Jamri became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Geoffroy's spider monkey can support its weight suspended by its tail and often does so when feeding. The	The	DET	clitoris	NOUN	 clitoris
Hunter speculated that Iran was helping to arm the insurgency in Iraq. When asked what he would do as	as	ADP	president	NOUN	 president
Also, during that time they filmed two speciales: " Artistic Differences " and their " Christmas Special "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The chimneys on the roof are a remarkable feature, faced in vividly coloured ceramic tiles, as is the	the	DET	tall	ADJ	 tall
Sandé later wrote two more songs for Lewis, including " I to You " and " Sugar ".	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
South India has an extensive road network with 20,573 km (12,783 mi) of National Highways and 46,813 km	km	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
There was going to be a Siberia, U.S.A. set up on a million acres (4,000 km²) in	in	ADP	Alaska	PROPN	 Alaska
He joined the Navy in 1872 and served in various capacities, including with the new torpedo boats in the	the	DET	1880s	NUM	 1880s
The conditions given to the Soviets by the Chinese were the reduction of Soviet military presence in the Sino –	–	PUNCT	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
On 1 October 1995, the division was formally designated the 26th Brigade, 29th Infantry Division. In 2004	2004	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In a 2006 interview, Obama highlighted the diversity of his extended family: " It's like a little	little	ADJ	mini	ADJ	 mini
He scored the lone goal for the Rangers and has now scored at least one goal against all 30 franchises	franchises	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Their Serbo Croatian names of Osvetnik and Smeli translate as " Avenger " and " Daring " respectively. They	They	PRON	had	VERB	 had
He also opined that Hergé's depiction of South American military juntas was " full of humour " and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
As Tilden and Bayard rose and fell in the estimation of Democratic voters, Hancock's bid for nomination gathered	gathered	VERB	steam	NOUN	 steam
" Howard Kramer, curatorial director of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, asserted that "	"	PUNCT	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
Cassie appears in a photo from the alleyway scenes, as the desert scenes show Brown in " deep contemplation	contemplation	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Samuelson found Confusion to be exemplary of Kuti's " genius " formula, in which he startles musically enraptured	enraptured	VERB	listeners	NOUN	 listeners
What it takes to make good TV is a huge coming together of a great many artists. What it	it	PRON	takes	VERB	 takes
Quinn, Tina, Sue, and Coach Roz get a huge surprise when they find out that Becky's	's	PART	boyfriend	NOUN	 boyfriend
, Vittorio Messori, Patrice de Plunkett, Maggy Whitehouse, Noam Friedlander many of the criticisms against Opus Dei	Dei	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
Nonetheless, England's much smaller population needed less food and the demand for agricultural products fell. The position	position	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Later in life, he served as chief and a councilor for the Wasauksing First Nation, and as an	an	DET	activist	NOUN	 activist
Within the 120 km², the effective dose would be up to 13 times greater. " A Department of	of	ADP	Veterans	PROPN	 Veterans
Bohr received an invitation from Rutherford to conduct post doctoral work at Victoria University of Manchester, where Bohr met	met	VERB	George	PROPN	 George
There are numerous parallels in the concepts in ancient Samkhya, Yoga and Abhidharma Buddhist schools of thought, particularly	particularly	ADV	from	ADP	 from
He played his freshman season of college for the 2014 – 15 Duke national championship team. Okafor was heavily	heavily	ADV	recruited	VERB	 recruited
It is generally regarded as a high point in Chinese civilization, and a golden age of cosmopolitan culture.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
A crucial maneuver in Crash Team Racing is the power slide; the player executes the slide by holding down	down	ADP	one	NUM	 one
, for building the modern city of Ashdod. The building of the Eshkol A power station in Ashdod was	was	AUX	completed	VERB	 completed
As a result, the F 5 G's sales potential remained unestablished. In the summer of 1982,	,	PUNCT	Deputy	PROPN	 Deputy
The two settlements are primarily residential, and are, for large proportions of their residents, dormitory towns for	for	ADP	Bristol	PROPN	 Bristol
Characters can level up their stats — which include jump height and speed — by completing optional goals in a	a	DET	level	NOUN	 level
Cracks laced the eastern face of the mountain while underground fissures allowed water to flow into the mountain's core	core	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ewes generally reach sexual maturity at six to eight months of age, and rams generally at four to six	six	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
The timing seemed right, since the evacuation of Fort Crawford appeared to be a sign of American weakness.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
Blood Sugar Sex Magik was released on September 24, 1991, the same day as Nirvana's breakthrough album	album	NOUN	Nevermind	PROPN	 Nevermind
Bottles and bricks can be thrown to distract, stun, or attack enemies. The game features a crafting	crafting	VERB	system	NOUN	 system
The Dallas Morning News described " Blood on the Dance Floor " as an angry tale of a back stabbing	stabbing	VERB	woman	NOUN	 woman
There, he interrogated a captive Matabele, the son of an inDuna (tribal leader), who said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The digital composition of the film, including the scene where the battle of Spider Man and Electro in Times	Times	PROPN	Square	PROPN	 Square
Jewish law requires that the circumcision leave the glans bare when the penis is flaccid. Converts to Conservative and	and	CCONJ	Orthodox	PROPN	 Orthodox
The system gradually became better organized, and Dvorak classifications began early on September 5. Based on the development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Many contradictions are seen in her lifestyle (a lesbian who sexually serviced men, claim of being asexual,	,	PUNCT	confusion	NOUN	 confusion
The oceanographic research voyage known as the Challenger Expedition, 1872 – 76, explored Antarctic waters for several weeks	weeks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to a Scientology publication, Moxon utilized Scientology doctrine to bring about the demise of the Cult Awareness Network	Network	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The book focuses on Flower's life and the story of the Whiskers, tracing how the group started,	,	PUNCT	providing	VERB	 providing
Sahure is also known to have constructed a sun temple called " The Field of Ra ", and although	although	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
She thinks Luis is Diana's fiancée, but fails to reunite them, despite several attempts, before he	he	PRON	returns	VERB	 returns
Clinton was previously Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1992, and the Arkansas Attorney General	General	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
She is a member of the U.S. Olympic Committee, and has served as a volunteer for the U.S. Olympic	Olympic	PROPN	Alumni	PROPN	 Alumni
" Mike Shuttleworth, reviewer for The Age, said that Lat often achieved humour in this book by illustrating	illustrating	VERB	the	DET	 the
The nation's Department of Health distributed ₱ 547,469 worth of medicine to four provinces. The government airlifted about	about	ADV	3,000	NUM	 3,000
This species is almost identical to the draughtsboard shark (C. isabellum) of New Zealand; the two species	species	NOUN	differ	VERB	 differ
Sociologist Levon Baghdasaryan described it as " unification of the new and old nomenklaturas. " The British Helsinki Human	Human	PROPN	Rights	PROPN	 Rights
In 2007, Bruichladdich Radical competed in the entire LMS season. Having retired at the opening event, the	the	DET	1000	NUM	 1000
The business route then ran due south along Seaway Drive, exiting Muskegon at Sherman Drive and crossing onto a	a	DET	section	NOUN	 section
It was probably not the first carousel in the park, as there are indications of a previous ride that	that	PRON	came	VERB	 came
He was a member of the Board of Experts of the Italian Ministry of Education, University and Scientific Research	Research	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Douglas Holtz Eakin, CBO director during the George W. Bush administration, who later served as the chief	chief	ADJ	economic	ADJ	 economic
As of April 2016, sales are led by the United States with 94,720 Volts delivered, followed by Canada	Canada	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Their reasons were twofold: firstly, Garfield and Blaine believed that increasing trade with Latin America would be the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
The episode was broadcast on BBC One on 26 April 2008. The episode and its sequel, " The	The	DET	Poison	PROPN	 Poison
Shots Fired In Anger: A rifleman's view of the war in the Pacific, 1942 – 1945,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Antananarivo is one of the two urban areas in Madagascar where bubonic plague is endemic. These problems were diminished	diminished	VERB	but	CCONJ	 but
At this point Alvarado's force consisted of 250 Spanish infantry accompanied by 6,000 indigenous allies, mostly Kaqchikel and	and	CCONJ	Cholutec	PROPN	 Cholutec
FBI director J. Edgar Hoover designed President Truman's loyalty security program, and its background investigations of employees were	were	AUX	carried	VERB	 carried
Leaving there on 21 July, they made it to Portugal; from there, aboard HMS Scottish, to	to	ADP	Gibraltar	PROPN	 Gibraltar
When the Afghan intelligence service handed Amin a report that the Soviet Union would invade the country and topple him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Through the organization of imperial circles (Reichskreise), groups of states consolidated resources and promoted regional and organizational	organizational	ADJ	interests	NOUN	 interests
It was filmed in Los Angeles on Thursday and Friday, September 1 and 2, 2005 and features Jermaine	Jermaine	PROPN	Dupri	PROPN	 Dupri
A total of eight hours of track time was allowed for teams to find their set ups and for rookie	rookie	NOUN	drivers	NOUN	 drivers
A year later the US edition was selected as an American Library Association Notable Book, a Publishers Weekly Best	Best	PROPN	Book	PROPN	 Book
He led the AA in earned run average (ERA) in his first MLB season, and then in	in	ADP	strikeouts	NOUN	 strikeouts
As production of F 105s had ended, the type was replaced in the Vietnam War by other aircraft,	,	PUNCT	primarily	ADV	 primarily
The onset of seizure depends upon the partial pressure of oxygen in the breathing gas and exposure duration. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
"; he and Beryl spent the rest of the year resting in Norfolk, in temporary retirement. Formby	Formby	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Gretzky is also a partner in First Team Sports, a maker of sports equipment and Worldwide Roller Hockey,	,	PUNCT	Inc.	PROPN	 Inc.
She had a mean draft of 19 feet (5.8 m) and displaced between 3,474 long tons (3,530	3,530	NUM	t	NOUN	 t
She posted two half centuries in the first four matches, resulting in eight wicket wins over Queensland and Western	Western	PROPN	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
However, biking and walking was still allowed, and the old highway is now a 1.5 mile (2.4	2.4	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
He was a fan of good quality food and drink, and frequented a number of restaurants. Known for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Further changes included the addition of a light anti aircraft regiment at divisional level, and a reorganisation of the	the	DET	divisional	ADJ	 divisional
Gaga and her team spent a lot of time creating the rhythm of the song. At first people involved	involved	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The following season, Groth started things off with a victory in an early appearance against the Dallas Eagles where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
These early scientific texts described and illustrated the hybrids as though they were real creatures, but by the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Once admitted as an ALB degree candidate, students must successfully complete 128 credits (Harvard courses are typically	typically	ADV	4	NUM	 4
The first act of the new management team of Brown and Archie Knox was to re instate Jim Leighton.	.	PUNCT	Aberdeen	PROPN	 Aberdeen
Born into a position of privilege (his godfather became William III of England not long after his birth,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
By Fauré's standards this was a time of unusually prolific output. The préludes were composed in 1909 and	and	CCONJ	1910	NUM	 1910
Dunglass was appointed a director of the Bank of Scotland in 1946, and although he never considered banking as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Gila monster lacks the musculature to forcibly inject the venom; instead, the venom is propelled from the	the	DET	gland	NOUN	 gland
The tribe argued that the 1960 act created the trust and authorized damages. The Supreme Court affirmed the appellate	appellate	ADJ	court	NOUN	 court
If a vertex can reach itself via a nontrivial path (a path with one or more edges),	,	PUNCT	then	ADV	 then
In 2011, the song was included in the National Recording Registry. Byrd received a Grammy Hall of Fame	Fame	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
The creation and awarding of battle honours came completely under RAN control. A complete overhaul of the RAN battle	battle	NOUN	honours	VERB	 honours
" Illudoids from Omphalotus olivascens and Clitocybe subilludens ". Mycologia 75: 920 – 922. 1984 [May	May	PROPN	1986	NUM	 1986
He was invited to present a live astronomy programme and said the greatest difficulty was finding an appropriate theme tune	tune	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The group visited Japan and Europe before a US and Canadian tour in January and February 2008 during which fans	fans	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
The university has also pledged to meet LEED certification standards for all new construction. In July 2009, the	the	DET	University	PROPN	 University
Liverpool has been described as a global brand; a 2010 report valued the club's trademarks and associated intellectual	intellectual	ADJ	property	NOUN	 property
By early afternoon, the Union XI Corps had arrived, and the Union position was in a semicircle from	from	ADP	west	PROPN	 west
After boys ' schools reopened, the Taliban lifted restrictions on girls ' primary education, where there was co	co	PROPN	education	NOUN	 education
Following these failures, Percy fed Tarrare large quantities of soft boiled eggs, but this also failed to suppress	suppress	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Other traditions include Batik Kuningan influenced by batik Cirebon, batik Banten that developed quite independently, and an older	older	ADJ	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
RKO became the first major studio to produce for television with Talk Fast, Mister, a one hour drama	drama	NOUN	filmed	VERB	 filmed
Dastmalchi mailed Forrest his bracelet. Ted Forrest also reported that three of his five bracelets have been stolen over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
He eventually performed a significant number of the film's stunts himself, including hand to hand combat and climbing	climbing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Among Uranian moons Umbriel was least subjected to endogenic resurfacing processes, although it may like other Uranian moons have	have	AUX	experienced	VERB	 experienced
Consequently, Sherburne decided to delay crossing the river, and sent word back to Montreal requesting further assistance.	.	PUNCT	Sherburne	PROPN	 Sherburne
The massive North Korean assaults were unsuccessful in forcing the United Nations troops back further from the perimeter, despite	despite	SCONJ	two	NUM	 two
Johnson left Washington, D.C. just before Congress adjourned. He raised one thousand men, nominally part of the	the	DET	militia	NOUN	 militia
Thucydides provides just one example of the use of force to extend membership of the League, but since his	his	PRON	account	NOUN	 account
In his first three games he shot 25 for 30 on his field goal attempts. He was again named	named	VERB	ACC	PROPN	 ACC
1765 – 4 January 1858) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the American War	War	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Both these buildings were also built in concrete and exist to this day. The school was built to a	a	DET	northern	ADJ	 northern
But director Pat Shinagawa said that there was a certain amount of jealousy among the crew that she got to	to	PART	work	VERB	 work
" For the 29th Annual Grammy Awards, Control received four nominations: Album of the Year, Best R	R	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Silent Hill 2 features six endings, all presented as equally possible; Konami has kept their canonicity ambiguous.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The Doctor is surprised when, rather than exterminate him as he expects, the Daleks ask him for help	help	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although the Code was adopted in 1930, oversight was poor and it did not become rigorously enforced until July	July	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
On July 2, 2014, NASA reported the ocean inside Titan may be as salty as the Dead Sea	Sea	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In an effort to promote the Protestant Reformation, he hoped to distribute Tyndale and Frithe's Bible in Dundee	Dundee	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This is a charming place; buildings good but in some part scattered; streets very wide and beautified with	with	ADP	trees	NOUN	 trees
The most common oxide is the volatile colourless Re2O7. Rhenium trioxide ReO3 adopts a perovskite like structure. Other	Other	ADJ	oxides	NOUN	 oxides
And even though the amount of text is nowhere near as large as that of PS: T, the	the	DET	quality	NOUN	 quality
" By 1796 every student at Harvard was given a copy of Bishop Watson's rebuttal of The Age of	of	ADP	Reason	PROPN	 Reason
He breaks down in agony, and Madame Morrible surmises that Elphaba's powers were so strong because she was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The brown Oldenburg gelding was born March 21, 1983, bred by Karl Bernd Westerholt of Lemwerder, Germany	Germany	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
6 Mount Street, where the magistrates are assembled. They consider the Civil Power wholly inadequate to preserve the	the	DET	peace	NOUN	 peace
After the show ended, several media outlets reported that Madonna may have been drunk during the performance; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Claudius switches tactics, proposing a fencing match between Laertes and Hamlet to settle their differences. Laertes will be	be	AUX	given	VERB	 given
One of the men, Superintendent Charles Pearson, had a fractured spine; he died six months after the	the	DET	siege	NOUN	 siege
In late 1941, the nationalists contacted the Italians and offered to help them fight the communists, who had	had	AUX	since	SCONJ	 since
Mohammed's funeral was held in Bannu before the soldier's body was transported to his hometown, Mansehra.	.	PUNCT	ISPR	PROPN	 ISPR
Selfe criticised the classical liberal arts education offered at the University of Sydney as elitist. In his 1888 address	address	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In an interview, Barwood commented that the development team should have thought about the story more thoroughly beforehand,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
The more severe the brain trauma is, the more likely a person is to suffer late PTE. Evidence	Evidence	NOUN	suggests	VERB	 suggests
The arms are bordered by oak branches on the left and olive branches on the right. The sash is	is	AUX	worn	VERB	 worn
After a run of nearly two years the novelty wore off, and Leno lost interest. The paper shut	shut	VERB	down	ADP	 down
in the 1982 film Airplane II: The Sequel. The music video " I Lost on Jeopardy ",	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The Dark exists within a person as negative energy that unleashes the individual's latent power. Throughout the story	story	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The genus Delichon is a recent divergence from the barn swallow genus Hirundo, and its three members are similar	similar	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Benedetto stayed in Germany as part of the occupying force, but was assigned to an informal Special Services band	band	NOUN	unit	NOUN	 unit
While developing the character, Parker noted that everyone either remembers " an annoying fat kid in their pasts "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The surge damages boardwalks along the coast, and wave action causes over 2 feet (0.6 m) of	of	ADP	beach	NOUN	 beach
" It sold over 23,000 copies on its first day of release and peaked at number two on the Oricon	Oricon	PROPN	charts	NOUN	 charts
" It's a reminder of the time when stunts and special effects were integrated into stories, rather than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
The area built by the Germans falls into the part of Qingdao known today as Shinan District. Shinan is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The collapsed part of the south wall also formerly contained an early 13th century style double lancet window. The	The	DET	original	ADJ	 original
While Marla is a seductive and negativist prospect for the narrator, he instead embraces the novelty and excitement that	that	PRON	comes	VERB	 comes
The Nemesis appears in a 1999 Hong Kong manhua adaptation of Resident Evil 3 by Lee Chung Hing, Biohazard	Biohazard	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
During the reign of King Stanislaus Augustus (r. 1764 – 1795), a white and red cockade came	came	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Meanwhile, Megan has to relive the death of her father, when her mother Joan (Joanna Cassidy)	)	PUNCT	visits	NOUN	 visits
VideoGamer.com's Chris Schilling called it one of the best Zelda games, praising its motion controls, narrative and	and	CCONJ	treatment	NOUN	 treatment
Regarding his similarity to his character, he said he is " hopefully very different but maybe at the root	root	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Historian James C. Klotter has speculated that, had John C. Breckinridge's father, Cabell, lived, he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The fundraising campaign was successful; donations from more than 40 patrons, including major contributions from the Ford Family	Family	PROPN	Foundation	PROPN	 Foundation
He was prepared to be loaned or even transferred away to find first team football, but when Louis van	van	PROPN	Gaal	PROPN	 Gaal
Sufficient initial stability may allow immediate loading with prosthetic reconstruction. The relevance of primary implant stability decreases gradually with	with	ADP	regrowth	NOUN	 regrowth
British Railways was rebranded British Rail on 1 January 1965. On 10 June 1986, Network SouthEast branded trains	trains	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Filmed all around the world, its central theme focuses on hunting and the interaction between man and animal.	.	PUNCT	More	ADV	 More
Blacktip sharks showing curiosity towards divers has been reported, but they remain at a safe distance. Under most	most	ADJ	circumstances	NOUN	 circumstances
West's mother, Dr. Donda C. (Williams) West, was a professor of English at Clark Atlanta	Atlanta	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Ossian became a common subject for Scottish artists, and works were undertaken by Alexander Runciman and David Allan among	among	ADP	others	NOUN	 others
It continues to attract its share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access	access	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The restoration fund was also supported by the actors Sir Peter Hall, Sir Donald Sinden and Richard Briers,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
With no producer in line to work with, she continued to compose songs with 808 State member Graham Massey	Massey	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
If a player fails to match the notes, their performance meter drops. If the meter empties, that	that	DET	player	NOUN	 player
Made of local marble, it has an intricately carved stem flanked by four columns topped with delicate leaf like	like	ADP	capitals	NOUN	 capitals
In her weekly blog for TV Guide, actress Kate Flannery stated that it " was a really fun episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The impact of sickle cell trait on malaria immunity illustrates some evolutionary trade offs that have occurred because of endemic	endemic	ADJ	malaria	NOUN	 malaria
O'Reilly claimed that in containing the opposition batsmen, the English attack had " shared the honours of the day	day	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Sarah Trimmer was born on 6 January 1741 in Ipswich, England to Joshua Kirby and Sarah (née Bell	Bell	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
She dons a light blue short dress, singing to the lyrics of the song. Rihanna can be seen	seen	VERB	belly	NOUN	 belly
" Quickflix's Simon Miraudo rated the film 3 / 5, and said, " The Fault in Our	Our	PRON	Stars	PROPN	 Stars
Robert Copsey of Digital Spy commented that the " [' Best Thing I Never Had '] is a	a	DET	classic	ADJ	 classic
In the 2000s, her relationship with Bryan was credited with softening her personality at work. " Even when	when	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Going into the race, Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher led the Drivers ' Championship with 46 points, ahead of	of	ADP	David	PROPN	 David
Hartmann points that there have been cases where a Greek word was translated directly to Palmyrene and a Palmyrene equivalent	equivalent	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This system passed directly over Cheshire, producing a strong wind at the surface which caused some minor damage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The two ships were virtually identical to the preceding London sub class of the Formidables and are generally considered part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The line was mostly well received by critics and Stefani was appreciated for taking fashion seriously even though she is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Parish said that less enemy variety was balanced by changes he considered the most experimental things Bungie had done for	for	ADP	years	NOUN	 years
On 21 March, the Germans launched their Spring Offensive which involved 60 divisions advancing across a front of 80	80	NUM	kilometres	NOUN	 kilometres
She said " It is a bit different and a bit out of our normal storytelling process but it gives	gives	VERB	such	DET	 such
One particularly well sampled room suggests that wood was cut during the relatively short span of a couple of weeks	weeks	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Rather than addressing sexual dysfunction strictly as a physical problem, appropriate sexual rehabilitation care takes into account the individual	individual	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Near the hinge there is an umbo or beak on each valve, a raised hump from which the ribs	ribs	NOUN	radiate	NOUN	 radiate
Through major acquisitions and the very early adoption of the Internet ISP business (via theZone dial up and later	later	ADV	RoadRunner	PROPN	 RoadRunner
The ports of arcade titles like Altered Beast, Golden Axe and Ghouls ' n Ghosts, available in stores	stores	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Age estimates for 55 Cancri A include 7.4 8.7 billion years and 10.2 ± 2.5 billion years. A hypothesis	hypothesis	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The mix of engraving styles was criticised; line engraving was considered the superior form and artists and subscribers disliked	disliked	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mendelevium 256, the chemically most important isotope of mendelevium, decays through electron capture 90.7% of the time	time	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As they talk at a bar, Fry learns that Bender too has deserted his job of bending girders for	for	ADP	suicide	NOUN	 suicide
It showed Harrison moving towards the funk and soul musical genres. The album was not well received by the	the	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
His actions drew heavy criticism from those inside his party, such as Roscoe Conkling of New York and James	James	PROPN	G.	PROPN	 G.
Generalized spraying with organophosphate or pyrethroid insecticides, while sometimes done, is not thought to be effective. Reducing	Reducing	VERB	open	ADJ	 open
In March 1959, the company's board of directors (Hawker Siddeley then) decided to privately fund two	two	NUM	P.1127	PROPN	 P.1127
K. Paparrigopoulos, a major modern Greek historian, underlines his " spiritual virtues " and compares him with Themistocles	Themistocles	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tajikistan and neighboring countries of the Pamir Range are highly dependent upon glacial runoff to ensure river flow during droughts	droughts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As a coda, there is a final vignette depicting the ecological aspects of the war: seabirds and fish	fish	NOUN	succumb	NOUN	 succumb
In 1997, the FDA approved a prescription emergency contraception pill (known as the morning after pill),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Exploration of the character's backstory began after his mother was introduced and Barber believed this would allow the audience	audience	NOUN	to	PART	 to
If he kills The Dark One with the dagger, he will possess his magic. Rumpelstiltskin sets fire to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The cost of this decision was high; of the 134 commissioned in time to serve at the front,	,	PUNCT	42	NUM	 42
In 2008, Kajol featured as a talent judge, alongside her husband, Ajay Devgn and mother, Tanuja	Tanuja	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He recalled, " I said I'd be a gynecologist so I could interact with all the women.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
However, the donation of many mounted skeletal casts by industrialist Andrew Carnegie to potentates around the world at the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
It is also unable to work with Apple Watch due to the relatively aged hardware. In fact, some	some	DET	users	NOUN	 users
Lisa appeals to them that it is just the same doll with a " stupid, cheap " hat,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Perl languages borrow features from other programming languages including C, shell script (sh), AWK,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Rapp considers the tradition to be an attempt by the Georgian Church to rebut the earlier tradition that the alphabet	alphabet	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The establishment of the Armory on campus gave the team a new place to play. In February 1897,	,	PUNCT	L.	PROPN	 L.
Chapter 2 Death of a Salesman Newby leaves the rag trade. Chapter 3 Birth of a Mountain Climber Newby	Newby	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Gossip also wrote the lesser known chess books The Chess Players ' Text Book (1889), The Chess	Chess	PROPN	player	NOUN	 player
Meryle Secrest, in her biography of Rodgers, theorizes that South Pacific marks a transition for the pair "	"	PUNCT	between	ADP	 between
A revised plan produced on 12 July had the 2nd Parachute Brigade landing at the same place, but all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
A short distance later, the highway continues northward through deep forests and rural farms before continuing into Thompson Township	Township	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The school offers six graduate degrees: the MAcc, MBA, EMBA, EMPA, MISM, and MPA	MPA	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The first standard gauge rails were laid by August 1889 as part of a dual gauge setup south of Idlewild	Idlewild	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Both nationals and non nationals of a jurisdiction may apply for orders for review of detention. In the UK	UK	PROPN	context	NOUN	 context
Gradually accelerating, the remnants of Helen moved over the Gulf of Carpentaria before striking land again on 6 January	January	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Individuals are occasionally taken in offshore waters to 40 m during winter. The sand whiting is a schooling species	species	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Bradley Center had a maximum capacity of 18,000, which was reduced for the event. This event grossed	grossed	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Air can also be trapped in the mediastinum, the center of the chest cavity (pneumomediastinum). If	If	SCONJ	air	NOUN	 air
In addition, " If a change is made and applied during the course of an ongoing proceeding and if	if	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
While attending her college reunion at Salve Regina University with Peter, Lois spots her old roommate, Naomi Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Unlike the implosion design, which required sophisticated coordination of shaped explosive charges, the gun type design was considered	considered	VERB	almost	ADV	 almost
The concession allowed SAS to also take passengers on the domestic legs, giving Braathens SAFE competition on the routes	routes	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In Anglo American Freemasonry, neither mixed nor all female lodges are officially recognised, although unofficial relations can be	be	AUX	cordial	ADJ	 cordial
Arguably the most successful band to emerge from post punk was Ireland's U2, who incorporated elements of religious	religious	ADJ	imagery	NOUN	 imagery
While in London, Peale ordered a delicate balance scale from his friend, expatriate American Joseph Saxton, and	and	CCONJ	later	ADV	 later
These miniature towers were of the southern dravida and northern bhumija and sekhari types and were mostly used to elaborate	elaborate	VERB	dravida	PROPN	 dravida
Takalik Abaj is located at an approximate distance of 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the contemporary archaeological site	site	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite not being released as a single in the US, the song charted at number 85 on the Billboard	Billboard	PROPN	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
Surya is upset over his failure to find a good acting job. Soleh joins the Islamic charitable group Nahdlatul	Nahdlatul	PROPN	Ulama	PROPN	 Ulama
Wario was chosen as the star of the WarioWare series because the developers felt he was the best character for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
With Lehigh Valley, he posted a 1 – 0 record and a 0.59 ERA with 5 saves in 13	13	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
However, a struggle for control of the railroad now ensued. Patterson had agreed to sell 60% of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the 1990s, historical Welsh foods were going through a revival. Farmers ' markets became more popular,	,	PUNCT	Welsh	PROPN	 Welsh
The judgment of Hale in this case was extremely influential in future cases, and was used in the Salem	Salem	PROPN	witch	NOUN	 witch
In 1911 the city of York belatedly recognised Etty. A statue of Etty by G. W. Milburn was unveiled	unveiled	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Having been a professional musician since the mid- ' 60s (and the guitarist for King Crimson since 1969)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Written by Jonathan Moskin and David Mulei and directed by Nick Marck, the episode premiered on The CW on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
The production team realised the halted regeneration and creation of a new Doctor would create a debate amongst fans about	about	ADP	whether	SCONJ	 whether
Loxton ended with 2 / 37 from 25 overs, sending down the most deliveries among the Australians, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Despite this perception, the Casino Employee Championship event does involve numerous recognized names in the poker world. The	The	DET	2009	NUM	 2009
" Charlie's first relationship is with Roman Harris (Conrad Coleby), which was confirmed by Coleby via	via	ADP	an	DET	 an
In the past, there has been so much talk about our side and a lot of pressure with people	people	NOUN	calling	VERB	 calling
After the disastrous defeat at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314, King Edward's authority was once more weakened	weakened	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Americans started to notice and become alarmed at increasing reports of political disillusionment in the military officer corps in	in	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
He then opened the bowling and castled home captain Les Berry for one to leave the hosts at 1 /	/	SYM	1	NUM	 1
It was founded in 1994 by Ted Price as " Xtreme Software ", and was renamed " Insomniac Games	Games	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The final flashback shows Juliet and Ben discussing their plans immediately before the events of " Left Behind ".	.	PUNCT	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
The Overlords conceal a special interest in the Greggsons ' children, Jeffrey and Jennifer Anne, and intervene to	to	PART	save	VERB	 save
The Vietminh announced that they would abolish the mandarin governance system and hold national elections with universal suffrage in two	two	NUM	hold	NOUN	 hold
The Arab Ba ' ath Party merged with Akram al Hawrani's Arab Socialist Party to establish the Arab Socialist	Socialist	PROPN	Ba	PROPN	 Ba
Some Minerans who sympathized with the Organicans ' plight and wishes for peace provided them with weapons to fight off	off	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Money for Nothing / Beverly Hillbillies " (Mark Knopfler, Gordon Sumner, Paul Henning, arr.	.	PUNCT	Yankovic	PROPN	 Yankovic
During the remainder of World War II, Kittel was credited with 144 more aerial victories and was awarded the	the	DET	Knight	PROPN	 Knight
The U.S. Forest service recognizes it as the most common species of tree in America. The red maple ranges	ranges	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Unlike other types of borscht, it is not whitened with sour cream. Barszcz wigilijny, or Christmas Eve	Eve	PROPN	borscht	NOUN	 borscht
The experiences of the Irish Micí Mac Gabhann resulted the posthumous work Rotha Mór an tSaoil (translated into English	English	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Coppola comes from a family of film makers and actors, and she has said how childhood memories of living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When Archie returns, he attempts to reconcile with Peggy, but comes up with a plan to steal the	the	DET	Mitchells	PROPN	 Mitchells
A few hours later, the Hurricane Hunters observed a tropical storm, which prompted the system being named "	"	PUNCT	Ella	PROPN	 Ella
But after people actually listened, they felt it and vibed to it and now it ’ s considered a	a	DET	classic	NOUN	 classic
In 2011, the book won the California Young Reader Medal. In the 2012 edition of Scholastic's Parent	Parent	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
For Dany, it's the brutal truth of her brother's real nature, of his insatiable thirst for	for	ADP	power	NOUN	 power
In the US, " Diamonds " debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 and sold 133,000 copies	copies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Some of the more common causes of vampirism in Slavic folklore include being a magician or an immoral person;	;	PUNCT	suffering	VERB	 suffering
The Computer and Video Games magazine was entertained by the " finely crafted slice of [...] Mario "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His first WWF match was against Nikolai Volkoff on May 23, 1994, which he lost by submission He	He	PRON	wrestled	VERB	 wrestled
Bart proves his evidence by hitting Bob's feet with a comedy mallet on live television. The police,	,	PUNCT	having	AUX	 having
As it is clear that the demands of his job are taking a toll on Chris, Carla becomes increasingly	increasingly	ADV	uncomfortable	ADJ	 uncomfortable
Reluctant to give in to demands for an election, Asquith proceeded to form a new coalition government on 25	25	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
The planet's discovery was announced to the public on January 10, 2011. On January 13, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is thus possible that there is a progressively accumulating number of prions in the environment. Icelandic researchers discovered	discovered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In nature, it associates with two- and three needle pines, especially lodgepole and ponderosa pine. Under controlled	controlled	VERB	laboratory	NOUN	 laboratory
It is significant that the case ever came before the witan at all. That it did, suggests that	that	SCONJ	Æthelhelm	PROPN	 Æthelhelm
In 1879 Planché completed his most ambitious work on costume history, A Cyclopedia of Costume, or, Dictionary	Dictionary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
MD 26 heads east from the intersection as a two lane road toward Libertytown. MD 194 heads north as	as	ADP	Woodsboro	PROPN	 Woodsboro
When this announcement reached the UK, the NUWSS was divided on the one hand by patriots such as Millicent	Millicent	PROPN	Fawcett	PROPN	 Fawcett
The iPhone 5 uses a system on chip (SoC), called the Apple A6. The SoC comprises	comprises	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Absolutely ", Gretzky said. " That's a hundred percent right. It's all practice.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Hoarseness, pain with swallowing, or a cough may also occur. Coronary artery spasm may occur with subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	myocardial	ADJ	 myocardial
The next day, van Ranken wins another cherry pie, and Adrian and Sharona see him rooting it.	.	PUNCT	Ambrose	NOUN	 Ambrose
He went on to say that " Such Great Heights " was the only song he had ever written that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Dan Stapleton of IGN considered the title a " clever interactive spoof of all the broken game physics we ’	’	PUNCT	ve	AUX	 ve
This view is also supported by the British journalist and K pop fan Promi Ferdousi, who wrote that the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
According to court documents filed on November 5, 2014, there were images posted to 4chan that appeared to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The Colts briefly rebounded, winning two games, but then lost 7 of their last 9, including a	a	DET	40	NUM	 40
This causes tropical cyclones to approach the West Coast of the United States infrequently. Another inhibiting factor for a	a	DET	California	PROPN	 California
Victor marries Sharon platonically to protect his assets, although the marriage is annulled two weeks later. Adam is	is	AUX	believed	VERB	 believed
Oxford were considered " underdogs " for the race. The Cambridge crew had an average age of 23,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The bomb is always found at the beginning of the team base, and the player who holds the bomb	bomb	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
110 rounds were stowed per gun. The dozen 6 inch (152 mm) Canet Pattern 1892 45 calibre	calibre	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
It came within 6.4 light years of the Sun about 413,000 years ago. After spending five years observing the	the	DET	star	NOUN	 star
However, the global financial crisis that followed had a major impact on New Zealand, with the GDP shrinking	shrinking	VERB	for	ADP	 for
His best known commission was to Harland Sanders, who used the title " Colonel " when he opened his	his	PRON	chain	NOUN	 chain
Between 1658 and 1799 the Dutch East India Company acquired and transported approximately 63,000 slaves to its Cape Colony in	in	ADP	southern	ADJ	 southern
It's easy to use noise as an orgasmic peak — but Sonic Youth can make it plateau, restraining	restraining	VERB	their	PRON	 their
He won his next five races with a total lead of nine horse lengths. He faced Vandy's Flash	Flash	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Germans paused, believing the woods were filled with more Americans and tanks. Only when SS Standartenführer Joachim	Joachim	PROPN	Peiper	PROPN	 Peiper
The Sounders were playing well, having already clinched a MLS playoff berth. A victory over the New England	England	PROPN	Revolution	PROPN	 Revolution
In 1993, Architect of the Capitol George White, following a protracted search involving the use of ground penetrating	penetrating	VERB	radar	NOUN	 radar
She thereafter returned to the Yangtze to protect Europeans during the Chinese Revolution that broke out on 10 October.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After additional surveys, NWS Dodge City had confirmed 12 tornado tracks by the Greensburg supercell in Kansas alone on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
T.I. recorded nearly 100 tracks during the production for Paper Trail, including a collaboration with Fall Out Boy on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Sybille had sailed on 19 February with instructions to search for Forte. On 23 February Cooke had encountered a	a	DET	cartel	NOUN	 cartel
Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga: Cheek to Cheek Live! became the first such concert to be streamed in	in	ADP	4	NUM	 4
In track and field, he won the Michigan High School Track and Cross Country Athlete of the Year award	award	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was a similar tale in the first class statistics, with the second best economy among the seven frontline	frontline	NOUN	bowlers	NOUN	 bowlers
If service workers are excluded 62.8% were employed in white collar occupations. Educational attainment varied greatly depending on	on	ADP	occupational	ADJ	 occupational
The larger Gangetic Plain region is in the north; it includes the Ganges Yamuna Doab, the Ghaghra plains	plains	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On December 15, 2011, a deal was reached on the remaining nine appropriations bills, which were combined	combined	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The " Yurovsky Note, " an account of the event filed by Yurovsky to his Bolshevik superiors following the	the	DET	killings	NOUN	 killings
These membranes are flat sheets that form a continuous barrier around all cells. The cell membranes of almost all	all	PRON	living	VERB	 living
Wolstenholme and Braidwood scored to give Nelson a 2 – 0 win over Grimsby on 7 April, before beating	beating	VERB	local	ADJ	 local
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) Historical Collection is the largest collection contains material from the former FCO	FCO	PROPN	Library	PROPN	 Library
Even so, in May 1838, the same month Very published his " Epic Poetry " lecture in the	the	DET	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
Multiple incendiary devices and high explosive bombs struck the central section of the terminus building. While the LNC's	's	PART	office	NOUN	 office
They would form into teams to accompany the horse on its travels around the local area, and although the	the	DET	makeup	NOUN	 makeup
Administratively, it is part of the St. Joseph's Parish in the Archdiocese of Semarang. Constructed between 1870	1870	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Norwegian authorities responded that the installation was to be used for scientific and peaceful activities under Norwegian control. Further	Further	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The monarch was so impressed that Leno became publicly known as " the king's jester ". Leno also	also	ADV	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Witnessing and testifying became an integral component to these meetings, where a congregation member or even a stranger would	would	AUX	rise	VERB	 rise
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Deckham has a population of 9,228 – 51.5% of the population	population	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Production for the album took place following lead singer Ronnie Radke's departure from Escape the Fate in 2008.	.	PUNCT	Recording	NOUN	 Recording
" Did You Hear What Happened to Charlotte King? " was originally broadcast on November 4, 2010 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This gave Burke the role of scorer and leader of the reserves. With the shakeup, the 14 –	–	PUNCT	28	NUM	 28
Society founder Henry Gerber was inspired to create it by German Doctor Magnus Hirschfeld and his work with the Scientific	Scientific	PROPN	Humanitarian	PROPN	 Humanitarian
It is the first major project directed by Hajime Tabata, who created the initial concept at the request of	of	ADP	Tetsuya	PROPN	 Tetsuya
Phillips was drafted in after " Nasty " Nick Bateman withdrew. Later that day, Lisa competed in a	a	DET	task	NOUN	 task
They could not cover the remaining distance to the Pole and back with this amount of food. However,	,	PUNCT	Shackleton	PROPN	 Shackleton
He recorded 69 points in 64 games in his first season, 1989 – 90, and helped the Blazers	Blazers	PROPN	win	VERB	 win
" When asked if Orochimaru was still good, Kishimoto answered that Orochimaru is " truly good " and that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
On 3 July, Linienschiffsleutnant Ludwig Müller sailed U 20 out from Trieste for the Gulf of Venice. A	A	DET	day	NOUN	 day
It has therefore not for exclusive purpose the celebration of a worship ". As a result, a 600,000	600,000	NUM	franc	NOUN	 franc
The report was endorsed by the government, and published the following month. After being announced in the Queen	Queen	PROPN	's	PART	's
These buttons are rare or non existent. However, the officer's regulation button, consisting of the "	"	PUNCT	block	NOUN	 block
In Geneva, they learn that Calculus has gone to Nyon to meet Professor Topolino, an expert in ultrasonics	ultrasonics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Originally planned as the first installment in an 11 part saga, Shenmue was eventually downsized to a trilogy —	—	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, in most studies, either O157: H7, K 12 MG1655, or K 12 W3110 were	were	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The system shows the actors ' virtual counterparts in their digital surroundings in real time, allowing the director to	to	PART	adjust	VERB	 adjust
As the Impactor neared the comet's surface, this camera took high resolution pictures of the nucleus (as	as	ADV	good	ADJ	 good
As Swedish is a Germanic language, the syntax shows similarities to both English and German. Like English,	,	PUNCT	Swedish	PROPN	 Swedish
The pale crag martin of the nominate subspecies P. o. obsoleta is 12 – 13 cm (4.7 – 5.1	5.1	NUM	in	ADV	 in
During the game's second week, it dropped to fourth place in the Japanese game sales charts, selling	selling	VERB	an	DET	 an
Liu Hui independently employed a similar method a few centuries later. In the 14th century, the earliest examples	examples	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Football for women ranks between the 5th and 10th most popular sport in the country, though its popularity	popularity	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
When Wang Mang took control of the government in 9 AD, he abolished the purchase and sale of land	land	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the game's introduction, the player character has just finished this quest, but is slain by the	the	DET	God	PROPN	 God
ISIL forces entered Palmyra on the same day. Local residents reported that the Syrian air force bombed the site	site	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Priestley also developed a " nitrous air test " to determine the " goodness of air ". Using a	a	DET	pneumatic	ADJ	 pneumatic
During his term as Speaker a defamation suit filed against him by an MP resulted in the Supreme Court's	's	PART	ruling	NOUN	 ruling
Complex organs such as the eye had been presented by William Paley as exemplifying the need for design by God	God	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In general, the performances, particularly from Craig, Ford and Wilde, were praised whereas the combination of	of	ADP	Western	ADJ	 Western
The Home Insurance Building in Chicago, opened in 1884, is, however, most often labelled the first	first	ADJ	skyscraper	NOUN	 skyscraper
Despite advanced warning of the floods, the hurricane killed 107 people on the island, of which 84 were	were	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The speech was met with much applause and support from the spectators in attendance. Pittsburgh defeated the Bengals,	,	PUNCT	16	NUM	 16
The cerebellum is also involved in the automatization of some tasks, such as reading. The fact that some	some	DET	dyslexic	ADJ	 dyslexic
Pathways casts the player as a member of a US Army Special Forces team sent on a mission to the	the	DET	Yucatán	PROPN	 Yucatán
Fergus must therefore, according to the theory, have had two wives, one of whom was a bastard	bastard	ADJ	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
Since the beginning of time, the two of them had been in a cycle where Dark Gaia would break	break	VERB	the	DET	 the
Chadderton Fold, the former centrepoint of Chadderton, lies on the banks of the River Irk, 1.3 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In less than a month Leigh had joined him, explaining that her trip was " partially because Larry's	's	AUX	there	ADV	 there
Kumbakonam dates back to the Sangam period and was ruled by the Early Cholas, Pallavas, Medieval Cholas,	,	PUNCT	Later	PROPN	 Later
The tower was probably built in response to the security situation along the troubled Anglo Scottish border at the time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The political system in Vietnam is led by the CPV, and it " leads, respects and promotes the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
Pedro II remarked in his journal: " I cried from happiness and also from sorrow seeing my Mother so	so	ADV	affectionate	VERB	 affectionate
A severity rating method known as the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) is the most commonly	commonly	ADV	used	VERB	 used
After the war, Suzuki and others from his government and their apologists claimed they were secretly working towards peace	peace	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Later that year, the ship took part in fleet maneuvers in the Atlantic, and on 24 September she	she	PRON	went	VERB	 went
When they did so, they found a forged Austrian passport and a suitcase with the detonators, which he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Unlike Sudamerica molariforms, those of Bharattherium taper towards the top. GSI / SR / PAL G074, a	a	DET	well	ADV	 well
The winner was a Thornycroft 4 ton steam wagon. Later he was a foundation member of the Royal Automobile	Automobile	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
Actor Chris Rock recommended producer Rubin to Timberlake, who considered the idea and discussed it with Rubin when he	he	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
Distracted by Drew approaching her, she accidentally pours too much of one substance and causes it to spill.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Ash can burn plant and crop tissue reducing quality, contaminate crops during harvest and damage plants from ash loading	loading	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the NBA Finals, the Celtics were again the Lakers ' final hurdle. Los Angeles lost game one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
New Zealand initially refused the Imperial Gift but later accepted a reduced allotment of 34 aircraft. Most were loaned	loaned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Lexie's death was also nominated under the " Best (Presumed) Death " category, while the plane	plane	NOUN	crash	NOUN	 crash
The commonality of findings in Agios Kosmas and Euonymeia suggests that the two settlements were functionally linked coastal and inland	inland	ADJ	communities	NOUN	 communities
In October and November 1944, Christie received intelligence regarding German plans to operate a wolfpack of U boats in	in	ADP	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
A lot of British Asian groups were against this and wanted him to fight more for an England place to	to	PART	set	VERB	 set
" Treasure " first appeared in the UK Singles Chart on May 26, 2013. After three weeks,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Pangea began to break up in the Triassic, but seafloor spreading to form the Gulf of Mexico occurred only	only	ADV	in	ADP	 in
. As Monster Ripper on the WWC 18th Anniversary Show (July 6, ' 91), she faced	faced	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" Hughes. Hughes stated that he achieved a look similar to the angelic look of Renaissance paintings of the	the	DET	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
He believed that while Wotanism expounded polytheism for the wider population, those who were members of the Armanist elite	elite	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Second, as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin D. The immune system is affected	affected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It was developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sega. The game was released on April 15, 2009	2009	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Some swells were reported along the east coast of the United States a few days after the storm's recurvature	recurvature	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An alternative theory is that the Latin annal that mentioned Hunbeanna was derived from an Old English source and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She was laid down in January 1914 and launched in April 1915; she was completed in May 1916,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 2002, the site was officially designated a war grave by the British government. As such, it	it	PRON	remains	VERB	 remains
The effects of Stowe's writings about Florida were duly noted by authorities. Her brother Charles purchased his own	own	ADJ	land	NOUN	 land
The programme won a Royal Television Society 2010 award for Best Children's Drama. A full series of ten	ten	NUM	25	NUM	 25
From 1927 to the late 1930s, modern NY 15 was part of NY 2. As a result,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
Heffron and Renshaw backed down on this last provision, leaving no state aid for Catholic schools, and affirming	affirming	VERB	the	DET	 the
Return fire was received from Japanese mortars and machine guns, and a 75 mm howitzer. The first wave	wave	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
The crossover section may also include a high pass " infrasonic " or " subsonic " filter which prevents the	the	DET	subwoofer	NOUN	 subwoofer
With an estimated 684,451 residents as of 2015, Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington	Washington	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lastly, satellite imagery indicated Tropical Storm " A " on October 27 to the northeast of Palmyra Island.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The two removed the hinges from their cell and escaped from Dirty Bird prison in Hanoi the night of October	October	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
In late November 1684, when La Salle had fully recovered from a severe illness, the three remaining ships	ships	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
The Spanish met the Saturiwa, a Timucua tribe, who were the largest group of indigenous people in the	the	DET	region	NOUN	 region
Lysacek was the only American man to qualify for the 2005 – 2006 Grand Prix Final, but he withdrew	withdrew	VERB	before	ADP	 before
His father confronts him privately about his outburst, and when Andy admits to trying to win his father's	's	PART	affection	NOUN	 affection
The next chapter, on poultry and game, begins with recipes for cooking chicken and duck, and goes	goes	VERB	on	ADP	 on
I regretted doing it, even as you do, but you'll get over it. " In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1773, the Regulating Act was passed, regulating affairs of the company in India and London. In	In	ADP	1748	NUM	 1748
When talking about his directing style on set, Chaplin stated that " everything I do is a dance.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Its closest relative is believed to be the ʻōʻū, and some early authors suggested that the Lānaʻi hookbill was	was	AUX	merely	ADV	 merely
In the semifinal, she withdrew in the middle of match due to severe injuries, in which she was	was	AUX	lagging	VERB	 lagging
This regiment was crewed by both Soviet and veteran Spanish tankers, and was put under the command of Soviet	Soviet	PROPN	Colonel	PROPN	 Colonel
However, he felt that the " overtness " of the episode resulted in many scenes coming off as too	too	ADV	on	ADP	 on
At the RAF Museum in London there is a forward fuselage of a former United States Army Chinook painted to	to	PART	represent	VERB	 represent
) Located in the original center of the community, the Hartford City Courthouse Square Historic District includes significant portions	portions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1981, there were 15 notified slums accommodating 4,499 persons, constituting 17.64% of the population. In	In	ADP	2001	NUM	 2001
Other genes that are frequently mutated include DAXX, mTOR and ATRX. Apart from not smoking, the American	American	PROPN	Cancer	PROPN	 Cancer
Stimpaks and other healing items, including food and water, do not heal the player instantly, but work	work	VERB	over	ADP	 over
On one hand, MacArthur forced through a land reform, gave women the right to vote, removed the	the	DET	emphasis	NOUN	 emphasis
The Morning Post commented that it placed him in the first rank of Shakespearean actors. At the beginning of	of	ADP	1931	NUM	 1931
He claimed to have played three years for the University of New Hampshire and to have attained a master's	's	PART	degree	NOUN	 degree
The term refers to the concept that a loophole in federal law exists, under which " [a]	]	X	ny	NOUN	 ny
The newborn ray is immediately capable of using electricity to hunt. The electric shock delivered by a marbled electric	electric	ADJ	ray	NOUN	 ray
Some argue that the synchrony of social structure is a methodological perspective rather than an ontological claim. Nonetheless,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Howe sent Germain this revised plan, which Germain received on February 23, 1777. Burgoyne, seeking to	to	PART	command	VERB	 command
Producer Orrin Keepnews attempted to record the quartet live at the Five Spot Café on two different occasions in 1958	1958	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Filming started in August 2006 at the Wikimania 2006 conference, and by April 2007 the team had aggregated 100	100	NUM	hours	NOUN	 hours
The animals are led by a man, and an " anxious " woman and baby are in the wagon	wagon	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition the School of Music of Memorial University of Newfoundland has several ensembles, including a chamber orchestra.	.	PUNCT	St.	PROPN	 St.
The object may prove that life originated elsewhere, and all religion is based on the Navajo contact with alien	alien	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
Debris from huts and homes protruded from beneath the gray mud. A few bags filled with crops were discovered	discovered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Władysław Czapliński in his biography of the king is more understanding, noting the short period of his reign (	(	PUNCT	16	NUM	16
East of Garner, the route takes a north northeasterly path as it goes through Ventura and skirts the northern	northern	ADJ	shore	NOUN	 shore
In March 1961 McClory read an advance copy of the book and he and Whittingham immediately petitioned the High Court	Court	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
She left Boston on 1 February 1946 for Bayonne, New Jersey, where she would be berthed in reserve	reserve	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After a second visit to Italy he moved to London in 1757 and from 1761 he was Principal Painter in	in	ADP	Ordinary	PROPN	 Ordinary
Some commercial time was sold regionally on a co op basis, while other spots were sold network wide.	.	PUNCT	DuMont	PROPN	 DuMont
The cause of Domery's appetite is not known. While there are other documented cases of similar behaviour from	from	ADP	this	DET	 this
Cooke's earlier ideas for a mechanical telegraph (involving a clockwork mechanism with an electromagnetic detent) were largely	largely	ADV	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
Carranza belonged to the mainstream line of historians who professed great admiration for Moreno, who he described as follows	follows	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
It was very formulaic; not a lot of chord changes. I tried to make it a little more	more	ADV	unique	ADJ	 unique
In the end we used a tape delay echo, but it sounded new because nobody had done it since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
XIII must infiltrate the base and free Carrington if he is to learn about his past. In the following	following	ADJ	story	NOUN	 story
" Rich Rosell from Digitally Obsessed awarded the episode 2.5 out of 5 stars and wrote that " this Chris	Chris	PROPN	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
Such a plan, he wrote, would end the political instability and reduce the large number of smaller parties	parties	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Also in 2007, Greg Martin released a gospel rock album called The Mighty Jeremiahs as a side project.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The World Bank cautions that, for India to achieve its economic potential, it must continue to focus on	on	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
Meioses that result in selfing are unlikely to contribute significantly to beneficial genetic variability, but these meioses may provide	provide	VERB	the	DET	 the
When word reached the Palace regarding the reason for Perry's turning down the invitation, it was then extended	extended	VERB	to	PART	 to
They like grasslands, riparian corridors, and developed areas. Red spotted toads, most active in the rainy	rainy	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Jeremy Thompson of Roller Coaster Philosophy gave a similar review, enjoying the ride and ranking it number 15 on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Charles ensured the Cortes would only have limited power, and further attempted to stack the Cortes with pliable representatives	representatives	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Historians believe the Noongar attack on Entwhistle was retribution under their tribal law. Not understanding tribal law (and	and	CCONJ	unlikely	ADJ	 unlikely
In addition to the literary allusions which are explicitly acknowledged in the text, Bechdel incorporates visual allusions to television	television	NOUN	programs	NOUN	 programs
In the early days of the colony, the land between Iron Cove and the Cook's River was known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
After Leaf threw four interceptions in the first half against the New York Giants in the Week 4 game (	(	PUNCT	September	PROPN	September
Though these skyscrapers were commercial successes, criticism mounted as they broke up the ordered city skyline and plunged neighboring	neighboring	NOUN	streets	NOUN	 streets
C & R's first sketch was unsatisfactory; their lengthy design of 625 feet (191 m) and	and	CCONJ	30,000	NUM	 30,000
Warde completed designing a new motorcycle within a month, albeit without a support team like he had had when	when	SCONJ	making	VERB	 making
The Protestant James I, who became King of England in 1603, was less tolerant of Catholicism than its	its	PRON	followers	NOUN	 followers
Because their stories didn't match. This girl, she was from Alabama, she's not going to	to	PART	stay	VERB	 stay
There is a flange on the dentary of the lower jaw, similar to P. mongoliensis, P. meileyingensis,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The song charted for a week on both the US Billboard Hot Digital Songs top 75 at number 73 and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This occurred again in January 2010 after a prolonged cold front once again hit southern Florida. The Moche people	people	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Florence's population was nearly halved in the year 1347. As a result of the decimation in the populace	populace	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Both stunts involved harnesses and other safety measures. Young also participated in a fight scene with the other vampire	vampire	NOUN	characters	NOUN	 characters
Robert, with between 5,500 and 6,500 troops, predominantly spearmen, prepared to prevent Edward's forces from reaching	reaching	VERB	Stirling	PROPN	 Stirling
2013 would bring a return of Woods ' dominating play. He won the Farmers Insurance Open in January 2013	2013	NUM	by	ADP	 by
This greater availability of breeding sites has enabled the species to expand its range, but it is possible that	that	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Briarcliff's school district, the Briarcliff Manor Union Free School District, is rated as the fifth wealthiest school	school	NOUN	district	NOUN	 district
Her aircraft participated in the IJN's first aerial combat on 5 February when three fighters, escorting two attack	attack	NOUN	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Loose, trailing line can wrap around and cut its way into its flesh, resulting in irreversible injury.	.	PUNCT	Similarly	ADV	 Similarly
Predation by orcas on whale calves in high productivity, high latitude areas has been hypothesised to be the reason	reason	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
According to Taran Adarsh, the film earned $347,267 on its Wednesday premiere in the United States and was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
On 29 May 1919, the British Cabinet agreed to give 100 aircraft to each of these countries plus replacements	replacements	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Among these machines was the Vickers F.B.16. McCudden claimed to have reached 136 miles per hour (mph)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Hamels also started Game 5, which was suspended due to rain after the top of the sixth inning tied	tied	VERB	at	ADP	 at
At 18: 28 UTC, the aircraft was reported turning to the north. ICAO analysis concluded that the	the	DET	flight	NOUN	 flight
Most modern cannon are similar to those used in the Second World War, including autocannon — with the exception	exception	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In act 2 a short orchestral introduction is followed by an off stage chorus, notable for its sparse accompaniment	accompaniment	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
The character also draws inspiration from American serial killer Herbert Mullin, who likewise felt that his victims had offered	offered	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He was also a proponent of greater collaboration between non governmental organizations (NGOs) and UN agencies. The	The	DET	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
His 6,134 total bases remained a major league record until surpassed by Hank Aaron, and his hit total still	still	ADV	ranks	VERB	 ranks
In his later writings he would attempt to present himself as an opponent of Diocletian's " sanguinary edicts "	"	PUNCT	against	ADP	 against
The instrumentation is added, using abbreviations for instruments, followed by key and time signature, and the NBA	NBA	PROPN	number	NOUN	 number
At the end of the conflict the castle was restored to its previous condition and is now managed by English	English	PROPN	Heritage	PROPN	 Heritage
Western demand for Chinese goods declined relative to new options (for example, coffee from the West Indies began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
When Marco attends the special effects department his face is covered in latex, the camera then very slowly,	,	PUNCT	hypnotically	ADV	 hypnotically
For companies that face difficulty in obtaining financing due to a perception of high credit risk, the IFC securitizes	securitizes	VERB	assets	NOUN	 assets
Two days later on September 21, Cedar Fair announced the closure of all other WindSeekers to conduct an internal	internal	ADJ	review	NOUN	 review
His serious remarks could get him in trouble as well. Some of his public utterances in 1913, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The song is easily audible at 200 m (660 ft), and can be heard at 600 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Its mushrooms commonly grow in large clusters and are noted for their foul odor and phallic shape when mature.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The division was also to take over responsibility for the security of the Zagreb – Karlovac railway line from the	the	DET	1st	ADJ	 1st
The mathematician and cartographer Edward Wright assisted Molyneux in plotting coastlines on the terrestrial globe and translated some of the	the	DET	legends	NOUN	 legends
" The Force Unleashed II performed under expectations. In the United States, it sold 500,000 copies within its	its	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
This rebuilding included the royal chapel, which would come to house the Emerald Buddha. To find more material	material	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
A second downloadable content pack was announced for the game in July 2010. The Trials HD Big Thrills Pack	Pack	PROPN	features	VERB	 features
Ten thousand sets were sold for $1 each at various stores and banks in the city. Both in	in	ADP	1967	NUM	 1967
The 59 seconds of footage were first broadcast on France 2's nightly news at 8: 00 pm local	local	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
It is a complex composition, of about 250 x 250 centimetres. Leonardo did numerous drawings and preparatory studies	studies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This served to fire up Kennedy to give an even greater effort towards making the team. Toronto's first	first	ADJ	pre	ADJ	 pre
McCay had earlier introduced dinosaurs into his comic strip work, such as a March 4, 1905, episode	episode	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bardas and his brother Petronas, as well as their relative Sergios Niketiates, were also members, but it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The younger Seward returned to Schenectady, but soon left school in company with a fellow student, Alvah Wilson	Wilson	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was first recorded in 1837 by botanist Thomas Edmondston. Although reported from two other sites in the nineteenth	nineteenth	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The significant number of new features was praised, as were the gameplay improvements. Some reviewers, however,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
One way out was to avoid the issue of death entirely. " According to Big Bird's actor Carroll	Carroll	PROPN	Spinney	PROPN	 Spinney
On 12 December, Wyoming, now the flagship of Rear Admiral William Sims, the new BatDiv 9 commander	commander	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Before New Brian and Lois sing " Summer Nights " as featured in Grease, Peter sings R.E.M. '	'	PART	s	NOUN	 s
Cinematographer Gabriel Beristain, returning from the One Shot, used a combination of modern digital technology and traditional analog	analog	NOUN	techniques	NOUN	 techniques
Beach houses were destroyed, and large swaths of nearby cropland were heavily damaged. In addition to the storm	storm	NOUN	surge	NOUN	 surge
" Far Away Places " was watched by 2.6 million viewers and achieved 0.9 million viewers in the key 18	18	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
He would finish his rookie season with 62 points in 70 games. In 1989 – 90, his second	second	ADJ	NHL	PROPN	 NHL
The tunnel was part of a series of four tunnels used to cross the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the university, Moe finds his old professor, who is dying. After advising Moe to modernize his	his	PRON	bar	NOUN	 bar
Balfour and Turner also designed Aldford House on Park Lane, an " ornate but stunted " free standing stone	stone	NOUN	mansion	NOUN	 mansion
In July, while Fuentes was busied in the siege of Doullens, Maurice of Nassau, statholder of the	the	DET	Dutch	PROPN	 Dutch
(1802) made a passing comment on the section on measurements in an eight page study of the Essay	Essay	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
Lap 36 saw a collision between Pastor Maldonado and Marcus Ericsson, but both drivers were able to continue the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
In addition, legal counsel to the president Harriet Miers and deputy chief of staff to the president Joshua Bolten	Bolten	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
A December meeting in Malta brought Gorbachev and George H. W. Bush together for their first summit. The June	June	PROPN	1990	NUM	 1990
Dhanush's well toned body was remarked upon by the media, but Dhanush clarified the workout was mostly for	for	ADP	promoting	VERB	 promoting
Although a fan of the Lion King franchise, Union avoided watching previous Lion King films in preparation for the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
Recent archaeological work at Portmahomack places the foundation of the monastery there, an area once assumed to be among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
Macroscopically, I. rivularis, which could grow in similar habitats to that of I. saliceticola, produces larger mushrooms	mushrooms	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
There was also a proposal to have PA 321 bypass Kane to the east and intersect a relocated PA 68	68	NUM	south	NOUN	 south
Similarly, Hageman has identified the early scene at Winkies as " extremely uncanny ", because it is a	a	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
The final draft was finished and turned in on December 8. After everyone had read the script, the	the	DET	studio	NOUN	 studio
Robinson won the first five rounds according to The New York Times Joseph C. Nichols, before Zivic came back	back	ADV	to	AUX	 to
The cameras were fitted with data capture models to provide technical data for the CGI artists. The Phantom Menace	Menace	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It is stored in a small chalkbag which can be tied around the waist, allowing the climber to reapply	reapply	VERB	chalk	NOUN	 chalk
Secondary schools include Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Kinabutan, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Jalan Apas, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Kabota, and	and	CCONJ	Sekolah	PROPN	 Sekolah
The image of Jews among the Belorussian and Ukrainian minorities waving red flags to welcome Soviet troops had great symbolic	symbolic	ADJ	meaning	NOUN	 meaning
Quatermass returns to the Rocket Group, where Leo has reconstructed the meteorite, which can carry ammonia and other	other	ADJ	gases	NOUN	 gases
The episode makes heavy use of a medicine wheel. Doggett first discovers this symbol on the unknown grave that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
The Dakotas were tasked with airlifting cargo, VIPs, troops and casualties, as well as courier flights and	and	CCONJ	supply	NOUN	 supply
The official boundary of Texas was set at the Sabine River (the current boundary between Texas and Louisiana)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe under Jiajing was determined to break the eunuch influence at court which typified the Zhengde era	era	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The robes of peers and peeresses are used only during coronations. The canopy bearers wear their Garter robes as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Though Evans was the stronger of the two against the clock, Schleck had surpassed expectations in the long time	time	NOUN	trial	NOUN	 trial
Captain Sudarto leads his men – together with women and children – over more than 200 kilometres (120 mi	mi	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Both plans started in July, but by mid September, the Battle for Guadalcanal took priority for the Japanese	Japanese	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After Head Coach Rick Bowness demoted Daigle had been demoted to the fourth line, General Manager Randy Sexton fired	fired	VERB	Bowness	PROPN	 Bowness
The pro French Jeffersonians lost support and quickly became the minority as many began to demand full scale war.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The 1926 General Strike reduced this to 3 per cent; by 1929 it was back to 4 per cent	cent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They reigned as the four best players in the world every season from 2008 – 2016. These players were	were	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
In 1980, Larkin was invited by the Poets ' Audio Center, Washington, to record a selection of	of	ADP	poems	NOUN	 poems
However, power was quickly restored within an hour after cutoff. Winds within the city peaked at 75 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Senechal noted that two other trial courts in the circuit had already ruled that double jeopardy did not apply,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
It was the single greatest classical authority on the subject and the most influential herbal ever written, serving as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Because he went to a military school, attended some college, and had some flight experience, Tibbets qualified	qualified	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
As Beeman explains Rosenbaum's thoughts, "... either Lex is horrified and appalled, or he liked it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Not only Juvenal thought the sack was the standard by which the appropriate punishment for Nero should be measured;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Morimosa from Nifty.com complimented Hamasaki's song writing; he compared the song writing to the rest of the	the	DET	songs	NOUN	 songs
Iwiński and Kiciński were video game retailers before they founded the company. CD Projekt is best known for their	their	PRON	The	DET	 The
Sheeran wrote the song with Snow Patrol member, Johnny McDaid, who had a piano loop from which the	the	DET	composition	NOUN	 composition
The first was a cover of the Eagles ' 1975 hit " Lyin ' Eyes " for Common Thread:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
About a month before the race took place, in February 2015, the race organisers published a publicity poster	poster	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
When the play opened on 1 October the music was dismissed by critics as too complex for popular taste.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
In an editorial a week after the shooting, The Washington Post criticized the actions of police officers as "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The Persian fleet began to retreat towards Phalerum, but according to Herodotus, the Aeginetans ambushed them as they	they	PRON	tried	VERB	 tried
The content was only made available by pre ordering the game with a specific retailer or purchasing a product,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
They adapt to higher elevations by extending their wing stroke amplitude. Bumblebees have a largely cosmopolitan distribution but are	are	AUX	absent	ADJ	 absent
Some of it, a bit more world. " It was Australian electronic music duo Empire of the Sun	Sun	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
The figure of " Christ in Glory " would be installed on the west face of the drum. This	This	DET	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
The church's interior exhibits an open architectural plan. A plain wooden frame pulpit stands against the rear wall	wall	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harrison was working on a reissue of the album and film before his death in November 2001. Although the	the	DET	project	NOUN	 project
Die Feen, Das Liebesverbot and Rienzi were performed at both Leipzig and Bayreuth in 2013 to mark the composer	composer	NOUN	's	PART	's
Occupying an area of around 4 ' × 2 ', NGC 6845 is an interacting system of four galaxies	galaxies	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
On 19 April 2009, 21 polo ponies died shortly before a match in the United States Polo Open.	.	PUNCT	Three	NUM	 Three
The route, named Hyde Park Boulevard for its entire length, heads north initially as a city maintained,	,	PUNCT	undivided	VERB	 undivided
Until the report of this species and the related Pulveroboletus luteocarneus, 12 species of Pulveroboletus had been reported in	in	ADP	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
Poppea joins Nerone, and tells him that Seneca claims to be the power behind the imperial throne. This	This	PRON	so	ADV	 so
The town is served by Romford railway station on the TfL Rail in London fare zone 6. Trains calling	calling	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... won several awards at popular award ceremonies the following year, including five Filmfare Awards	Awards	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Since the early 1980s, Armstrong has been the subject of a hoax saying that he converted to Islam after	after	ADP	hearing	VERB	 hearing
By this stage the writers had already talked about a chase sequence along the Great Wall, as well as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
This dichotomy of food for the living and gold for the dead is a theme in the myth of King	King	PROPN	Midas	PROPN	 Midas
Windows Mobile 6.5 was a stopgap update to Windows Mobile 6.1 intended to bridge the gap between version 6.1 and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Turning Points: A journey through challenges by A P J Abdul Kalam; Harper Collins India, 2012.	.	PUNCT	Target	PROPN	 Target
By the time he began his sophomore season he stood at 5 feet 8 inches (1.73 m).	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
It is thought that the first West Saxon coinage was minted during Ine's reign, though no coins bearing	bearing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Some became " revenue farmers ", middlemen within the corporate structure of the VOC, tasked with collecting export	export	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Until 2010 the parliamentary constituency was still called Woodspring and was represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament	Parliament	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Investment in English castles, especially royal castles, declined dramatically. James sold off many royal castles in England	England	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
The band released their debut single one month later, a 7 inch vinyl of " Unfinished Business " on	on	ADP	28	NUM	 28
Upon the initial count, Task Force Smith suffered 20 killed in action, 130 wounded in action or missing	missing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In southwestern Florida, the storm produced a storm surge of 1.13 ft (0.34 m) in St. Petersburg	Petersburg	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
WABN produces a local public service program called " Abingdon Talks ", which airs on Sundays. The station	station	NOUN	broadcasts	VERB	 broadcasts
Farming and forestry are other important industries. 2008 plans for a large salmon farm holding 800,000 or more fish	fish	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Romain Rolland and Francis Poulenc have both considered Massenet an influence on Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande; Debussy	Debussy	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Goodridge completed Beauty Revealed in 1828, likely from looking at herself in a mirror. Several works have been	been	AUX	cited	VERB	 cited
Nekota challenges Anderson, but loses due to developing punch drunk syndrome from his fight with Kamogawa. During the	the	DET	fight	NOUN	 fight
Among Harrison's other peers, Paul Simon described " Something " as a " masterpiece " and Elton John	John	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
Although having reached legal retirement age in 1927, and thus unable to be offered another five year contract,	,	PUNCT	Murray	PROPN	 Murray
Around 1700 the Lord of the Manor was Sir William Jones, the Attorney General of England and in the	the	DET	1820s	NOUN	 1820s
According to the operational doctrine developed by the RAF, in the circumstance of deploying a large scale nuclear strike	strike	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Excavated soil can cover grass and limit lifestock grazing; freshly sprouted grains may be similarly damaged. An estimate	estimate	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Safety Board believes that the flight crew ’ s failure to take such precautions and the decision to attempt	attempt	VERB	takeoff	NOUN	 takeoff
He was also in overall command of the naval operations which succeeded in destroying or driving off much of the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
In October 1980, Luis Vigdor, assistant vice president for bullion and numismatic operations of Manfra, Tordella &	&	CCONJ	Brookes	PROPN	 Brookes
The Western countries, who dictated the treaties in the aftermath of the First World War, saw minority safeguards	safeguards	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
In 2010 he anticipated that OSI will " remain a studio band. " In September 2008, Moore posted	posted	VERB	an	DET	 an
The announcement also meant that the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division would play its final season the year	year	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
In June 2009, the book was awarded a Canadian Booksellers Association Libris Award for Non Fiction Book of the	the	DET	Year	PROPN	 Year
As al Ma'mun remained in Marv and made no signs of returning to the caliphal capital, a wave of	of	ADP	Arab	ADJ	 Arab
He recorded his 54th double double of the season in the regular season finale on April 15 against the Atlanta	Atlanta	PROPN	Hawks	PROPN	 Hawks
Kirkpatrick arranged for everything to be shipped direct to Tinian rather than via Guam, as was usual. To	To	PART	meet	VERB	 meet
For anti aircraft (AA) defence, they had two quadruple mounts for the 0.5 inch Vickers Mark III	III	PROPN	machine	NOUN	 machine
While developing the fifth season, Cherry began brainstorming ways to revamp the series. He stated: " The	The	DET	soap	NOUN	 soap
On the next day, the storm weakened to tropical depression status after nearly all of the convection was gone	gone	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Ben Nevis was the name of a White Star Line packet ship which in 1854 carried the group of immigrants	immigrants	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Her neck had a faint groove as if someone applied a rope for torture or strangulation. The scientists concluded	concluded	VERB	bog	ADJ	 bog
Kanon's story revolves around a group of five girls whose lives are connected to the same boy. Yuichi	Yuichi	PROPN	Aizawa	PROPN	 Aizawa
A visible " striking circle " with " radius of 15 yards " was codified in 1886. The radius	radius	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" James Rieger concluded Percy's " assistance at every point in the book's manufacture was so extensive that	that	SCONJ	one	PRON	 one
It provides a range of international flights. Most operate only a few times a week. Norwegian flies to	to	ADP	eleven	NUM	 eleven
The same year, A. J. P. Taylor, in his The Origins of the Second World War, found	found	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A bugle call was immediately sounded within the camp. Lieutenant Colonel McRae, commanding the 45th Sikhs, two	two	NUM	units	NOUN	 units
In his tweet, Hart described working on the DVD as a " cathartic " experience, and Ross asserted	asserted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Casey entered West Point in 1915, where his best friend and roommate was Lucius D. Clay. At West	West	PROPN	Point	PROPN	 Point
" Swartzwelder is seen attending Krusty's funeral, who appears with a Kermit the Frog puppet on his hand	hand	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Adrien Begrand of PopMatters observed that " [t] here's no better song to kick things off than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
Various other characters were voiced by voice acting veterans Dee Bradley Baker, Thomas F. Wilson and Clea Lewis.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
Gautaman Bhaskaran, in his review in Gulf Times, noted that the sometimes handheld photography was " as irksome	irksome	ADV	as	ADP	 as
In October 1911 he was elected president, under the banner of the Partido Constitucional Progresista, along with José	José	PROPN	María	PROPN	 María
Initially, the regiment was not brigaded and served as a detached unit. After conducting infantry training around Tel	Tel	PROPN	el	PROPN	 el
Warner Bros. opted not to fund the project at the time. On March 13, 2013, Bell and	and	CCONJ	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
For example, languages of the western group (such as Huastecan, Yucatecan and Ch ' olan) all	all	PRON	changed	VERB	 changed
" The reviewer for The New York Times Book Review wrote, " A moral is a new thing to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
When a male bee arrives and attempts to mate with the mass of larvae, they climb onto his abdomen	abdomen	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" " The chorus then repeats and The Dream performs a bridge, preceding West's verse where he boasts	boasts	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The track opens with he singing, " You're beautiful, beautiful / You should know it / I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
In March 1776, these artillery fortified Dorchester Heights (which overlooked Boston and its harbor), thereby threatening	threatening	VERB	the	DET	 the
Under the trading name of Ultimate Play The Game, they began producing multiple video games for the ZX Spectrum	Spectrum	PROPN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
Balch's main battery consisted of four 4 in (100 mm) / 50 caliber Mark 9 guns,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Gene flow is the exchange of genes between populations and between species. It can therefore be a source of	of	ADP	variation	NOUN	 variation
On February 3, 1961, at the age of 56, Wong died of a heart attack as she	she	PRON	slept	VERB	 slept
" Maryland finished with a 2 – 8 record. Pastrana recorded 81 completions on 172 attempts for 1,053 yards	yards	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Orangico was to include real orange juice. The orange juice based Orangico did not sell well and the federal	federal	ADJ	trademark	NOUN	 trademark
There, they coaled and prepared to make the long voyage around Cape Horn. The British, shocked by	by	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Its ten songs consist entirely of pop standards that Nelson picked from among his favorites. Nelson asked Booker T.	T.	PROPN	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
Satya then manipulates Ajay to fall in love with Shruti and gets the two of them to pose in compromising	compromising	VERB	positions	NOUN	 positions
For SummerSlam, individual matches were scheduled, with Sapphire facing Sherri and Savage wrestling Rhodes. Meanwhile, Sapphire	Sapphire	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Winds reached 220 km / h (140 mph), which was the first instance of typhoon force winds	winds	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The River Axe is formed by the water entering the cave systems and flows through the third and first chambers	chambers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Donna receives a letter from a New York design school and Zeke tells her that Ringo applied for a place	place	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Predators of American bullfrogs once in their adult stages can range from 150 g (5.3 oz) belted kingfishers	kingfishers	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
It contained material such as concept art, character biographies, animatics and storyboards. In March 2013, PixelDrip	PixelDrip	PROPN	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
To win this latter argument, Hitchhiker's was briefly classified internally as a drama instead of a comedy,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
It opens with " Chandelier ", an electropop song that features a reggae influenced beat. Lyrically, the	the	DET	track	NOUN	 track
Student government at Carolina is composed of an executive branch headed by the student body president, a legislative branch	branch	NOUN	composed	VERB	 composed
Aged eight, Castro was baptized into the Roman Catholic Church, although later became an atheist. Being baptized	baptized	VERB	enabled	VERB	 enabled
He also praised him for illustrating human nature and taking out " souls in the centre of the depth which	which	PRON	are	AUX	 are
In particular, the National and Nomadic Guard (GNN) was decimated by the fall of Fada and Faya	Faya	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Henceforth, she would be paid separately for working in his films, but he would be required to single	single	VERB	handedly	ADV	 handedly
Ricketts Glen State Park opened in 1944. The state bought a total of 16,000 acres (6,500 ha)	)	PUNCT	more	ADJ	 more
The Eurasian tree sparrow's extensive range and large population ensure that it is not endangered globally, but there	there	PRON	have	AUX	 have
In 1980, a friend gave Rollins and MacKaye a copy of Black Flag's Nervous Breakdown EP. Rollins	Rollins	NOUN	soon	ADV	 soon
During the 1980s, Singapore began to upgrade to higher technological industries, such as the wafer fabrication sector,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The work included sorting through the arrivals ' property on the Judenrampe at Auschwitz II, where trains carrying Jews	Jews	PROPN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
" Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter praised MacFarlane's performance saying that he did " impressively better than one	one	PRON	would	AUX	 would
After the reconstruction, the displacement was increased to between 4,000 to 4,436 t (3,937 to 4,366 long tons	tons	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Athena and Hermes look on. Aeneas and Deithynos are behind Hector. Sometimes details of the closely similar deaths	deaths	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Winds can reach considerable strength, especially on the exposed coast; most of the South Island's storms develop	develop	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A few days after the storm, the Mozambique Red Cross began delivering mosquito nets, blankets, plastic buckets	buckets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In legend, the Catlins forests further inland were inhabited by Maeroero (wild giants). The Catlins may	may	AUX	have	AUX	 have
All of these successive owners saw their first and primary role as marketing the property as a tourist attraction.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By changing the novel's title, Austen added " philosophical depth " to what began as a sketch of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
In addition to the smaller folk festivals held in towns such as Christchurch and Wimborne, Dorset holds several larger	larger	ADJ	musical	ADJ	 musical
The core is separate from the client to enable the scientific methods to be updated automatically without requiring a client	client	NOUN	update	NOUN	 update
Samaras was eligible to play for the Australian national team. His father, Ioannis, was born in Melbourne	Melbourne	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Because of the paucity of surviving attributed works, it is difficult to detect any evolution in Lochner's style	style	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The editor commented that both games highlight story elements over graphics and technical innovations, saying each game's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Bowlby's theory sparked considerable interest and controversy in the nature of early relationships and gave a strong impetus to	to	ADP	what	PRON	 what
They termed the film's presentation as a " lacklustre and ordinary " one. Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com gave	gave	VERB	2	NUM	 2
Many, including Mack, consider Pennock among the greatest left handed pitchers of all time. Pennock became the	the	DET	general	ADJ	 general
The song was performed by The Common Linnets, a duo consisting of DeLange and Waylon, two well known	known	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Construction on the interchange began in September of that year. The interchange between US 13 / US 40 and	and	CCONJ	DE	PROPN	 DE
In the end, his deceptions unmasked, he returned to Constantinople, where he repented and confessed his sins	sins	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Evidence for a genetic link is the tendency for AS to run in families and an observed higher incidence of	of	ADP	family	NOUN	 family
Alternative medicine specialist Dr. Pete Wilder (Tim Daly) finds and examines her, diagnosing a broken wrist,	,	PUNCT	eye	NOUN	 eye
In the video's final cut, the band is only shown performing in the outdoor setting during the choruses	choruses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Settling on an overall fantasy approach as opposed to the popular role playing alternative of science fiction, the team	team	NOUN	wanted	VERB	 wanted
The technology works on the basis that if a piece of software runs on a significant proportion of computers,	,	PUNCT	then	ADV	 then
Conquered areas of Belgium and France were placed under control of the Military Administration in Belgium and Northern France.	.	PUNCT	Belgian	PROPN	 Belgian
An Arabic record of the conflict claims that the battle led to the introduction of papermaking to the Islamic world	world	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
But if w is a solution, then so is − w, because (− 1) 2 =	=	SYM	1	NUM	 1
In the early 1960s, Timothy Leary and colleagues at Harvard University investigated the role of set and setting on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
While Mikasa's casualties are not precisely known, the entire Japanese force combined only lost 110 men killed and	and	CCONJ	590	NUM	 590
Translated by Chater, A.G. London: C. Hurst & Company. ISBN 0 903983 47 8. First published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He compared the remake's Klaatu to the wrathful God who floods the world in the Old Testament, but	but	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
It is also a major transport hub for passengers and cargo. By the 1960s, Dubai's economy was	was	AUX	based	VERB	 based
Later that year he represented the litigants in the Crichel Down affair, which led to changes in the law	law	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Baxter Healthcare Proprietary Limited (Baxter), was the Australian subsidiary of the multinational health care company Baxter International	International	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Five endings are available. Gameplay takes place in two parts: a framing, first person psychotherapy session,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It has been revealed that Maggie has outstanding artistic and academic abilities, much like her sister Lisa. Maggie	Maggie	PROPN	rarely	ADV	 rarely
After the first Covent Garden performance, The Times summed the piece up in a way that was frequently to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
His sole Shakespeare setting, " Blow! Blow! Thou Winter Wind " (1898, revised 1951)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He made a total of 29 appearances on the season, notching a 3.85 ERA. He won his first	first	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
An icon in the top right hand corner of the screen displays a lunar phase: this display shows the	the	DET	passage	NOUN	 passage
I haven ’ t even sent him a bunch of beats. I sent him my favorite stuff. He	He	PRON	hit	VERB	 hit
According to Krugman, during the period between the creation of the euro and the 2008 financial crisis, countries	countries	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Gregory Ellwood of HitFix gave the film an " A- " rating, stating, " 12 Years is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
In the semi finals, Boro faced Arsenal, the leaders and eventual unbeaten champions of the Premier League season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The winds resulted in agricultural damage to the corn and soy bean crop. High winds caused minor damage to	to	ADP	roofs	NOUN	 roofs
East of the 86th Street exit, the freeway begins a slow descent towards the Des Moines River. Merle	Merle	PROPN	Hay	PROPN	 Hay
The union of these principles is exalted as the root and womb of all creation. Another view is that	that	SCONJ	Ardhanarishvara	PROPN	 Ardhanarishvara
Compute! writers called the Amiga version's graphics and gameplay " arcade quality ". Editors for Computer Gaming	Gaming	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
Later that month, Colorado authorities charged him with Caryn Campbell's murder. After a period of resistance,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The Brars handed over management of the theatre to Magic Lantern Theatres in June 1998, merely 18 months after	after	ADP	purchasing	VERB	 purchasing
The film was shot on location on a budget of $2 million at Kelly Field in San Antonio,	,	PUNCT	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Despite commercial success, the interest payments on the mortgage were crippling, and in 1846 the company obtained an	an	DET	Act	PROPN	 Act
Penn has noted that she only models to earn a paycheck. She aspires to be involved on the writing	writing	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Higginbotham signed a contract extension in October 2010 for a further 12 months, keeping him at Stoke until the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
According to evidence in Delval's study, Radama may indeed have survived and, failing to regain the throne	throne	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
International commentators were highly critical of the government's role in Feng's abortion. " Feng Jianmei's story	story	NOUN	demonstrates	VERB	 demonstrates
General Howe led the light infantry companies and grenadiers in the assault on the American left flank, expecting an	an	DET	easy	ADJ	 easy
Commercials instructed fans to mail in episodes ' geographical destinations during sweeps week. Advertisements appeared through Time Warner's	's	PART	television	NOUN	 television
He acted as official host on state occasions and was himself a frequent guest at ambassadorial dinners. By the	the	DET	autumn	NOUN	 autumn
Three weeks later, on 5 April, he scored the first hat trick of his career in a 3	3	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Williams Crosby thought Vixis was Kirk's girlfriend when she arrived for her audition, but recalled afterwards that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Meslow also liked that the April Andy subplot was now resolved, as he called it the " weakest plotline	plotline	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was announced on 26 November 2007 that the referendum would be held in 2008, together with the general	general	ADJ	election	NOUN	 election
Heartened by this arrival, they decided instead to proceed with a nighttime attempt on the fort. Schuyler,	,	PUNCT	whose	DET	 whose
After his defeat Abu Muhammad took refuge in the city, which withstood an Abbasid assault long enough to allow	allow	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He won three SEC titles (50- and 100 yard freestyle, 400 yard freestyle relay), and received	received	VERB	All	DET	 All
One was the advent of biobanks, which are repositories of human genetic material that greatly reduced the cost and	and	CCONJ	difficulty	NOUN	 difficulty
This set a precedent which according to his biographer John Carter " changed the future of rocket technology ":	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It was conceived in 1965 and preceded by the M2A development car. Designed by Robin Herd, the innovative	innovative	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
Benjamin Bunny presented demands upon Potter she had not encountered in her previous three tales. She had depleted all	all	DET	her	PRON	 her
The Sword of Shannara has drawn extensive criticism from critics who believe that Brooks derived too much of his novel	novel	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In February 1858 Felice Beato arrived in Calcutta and began travelling throughout Northern India to document the aftermath of the	the	DET	Indian	PROPN	 Indian
The Press ' magnum opus would be the Kelmscott Chaucer, which had taken years to complete and included 87	87	NUM	illustrations	NOUN	 illustrations
It was rated as a 2.HC event on the UCI Asia Tour, and was held from 17 to 22	22	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
Despite the absence of these states, Agesilaus campaigned effectively against the Persians in Lydia, advancing as far inland	inland	ADV	as	ADP	 as
A few prominent Democratic Party leaders supported the Liberal Republican cause in Missouri. The result being that the Democratic	Democratic	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
The niche isn ’ t being filled unless you find somebody crazy like me who is willing to spend dozens	dozens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The work also lampoons male vanity and chauvinism in the military. The story concerns two rival " aesthetic "	"	PUNCT	poets	NOUN	 poets
In the credits of HD 1.5 Remix, clips of Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix, Kingdom Hearts Birth by	by	ADP	Sleep	PROPN	 Sleep
The inflectional system is further complicated by the fact that transitive suffixes encode both agent and patient in a single	single	ADJ	morpheme	NOUN	 morpheme
The invention of the revolving book case is considered to have happened earlier, and is credited to the layman	layman	NOUN	Fu	PROPN	 Fu
He died that evening. The route of the 2016 Gent – Wevelgem was significantly changed from 2015 edition and	and	CCONJ	from	ADP	 from
The accompanying music video for the single was directed by Jake Nava, who had previously collaborated with Shakira on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Her initial activities focused on a Warner Bros.-operated bulletin board which focused on Battlefield Earth, and she subsequently progressed	progressed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
While Dahl " always like [s] what Juliet brings to the table ", he thought that "	"	PUNCT	Operation	NOUN	 Operation
Juba enjoyed the multiplayer and praised the game for moving away from the genre's traditional battle systems despite faults	faults	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Smith's first term of office ran from June 2, 2008 to January 22, 2013. Mesa,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
It was probably Beornwulf whose defeat of the kingdom of Powys and destruction of the fortress of Deganwy are recorded	recorded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In a place near Bactra in Asia the wheat grains are said to grow as big as the stone of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Three main stories interweave a dynastic war among several families for control of Westeros, the rising threat of the	the	DET	supernatural	ADJ	 supernatural
The Charter was confirmed in 1423 by King Henry VI. By the mid 15th century, Magna Carta ceased	ceased	VERB	to	PART	 to
The day before, President Obama signed the Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission Act into law, establishing a commission to	to	PART	plan	VERB	 plan
Similarly, after the resignation of Neville Chamberlain in 1940 there were two likely successors, Churchill and Halifax,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Diamonds have been known in India for at least 3,000 years but most likely 6,000 years. Diamonds have been	been	AUX	treasured	VERB	 treasured
Glubb first realized (" pris conscience ") the strategical importance of Latrun in the Battle of Jerusalem.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
The two of them discover the yellow brick road and happily begin to follow it together. The Scarecrow hopes	hopes	VERB	the	DET	 the
Provisions from all three bills ultimately evolved into the guidelines enacted in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974	1974	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Two days later, the JTWC issued a TCFA for the system as it became better organized. Early on	on	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Considered expensive at the time, the company used a US $1,250 Bell & Howell movie camera, worth	worth	ADJ	about	ADP	 about
RAAF Base Uranquinty closed on 18 December 1958, and No. 1 BFTS commenced operations at Point Cook the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Examples include the Church of Sv. Luka in Kotor, the Church of Sv. Trojce near Split,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Singapore was a critical race in the championship as all five drivers had a chance to take the lead with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rennes ultimately finished the season in 7th place in the league, which resulted in the club qualifying for the	the	DET	2006	NUM	 2006
As the spacecraft continued towards re entry after the de orbit burn, Schirra used the high power thrusters to	to	PART	put	VERB	 put
He once again ranked near the top of his class. After graduation he was posted to the 1st New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The emotions triggered by a work, or the intentions or theories behind it, will likewise not completely parallel	parallel	VERB	those	PRON	 those
Johnson cultivated a relaxed manner with the locals; in one instance at Sabina Park in Jamaica, he stopped	stopped	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 1992, he helped South Alabama win the Sun Belt Conference Championship. Lieber received several honors following his	his	PRON	senior	ADJ	 senior
This allowed Australia to seize the initiative, and Harvey joined the fightback in the next over, hitting consecutive	consecutive	ADJ	boundaries	NOUN	 boundaries
The sisters celebrate the successful surgery, but when the patient wakes up, Lexie is devastated to discover that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The barracks were used as a youth hostel between 1963 and 2000. The heritage agency English Heritage took over	over	ADP	control	NOUN	 control
In 1999, director Stanley Kubrick's death and the Columbine High School massacre occurred within months of each other	other	ADJ	;	PUNCT	;
The engines and the general equipment were identical to the Z 2 standard; however two cameras — the Rb	Rb	PROPN	50	NUM	 50
Minaj and M.I.A. joined her onstage, both dressed in Egyptian inspired clothing. Together they danced as cheerleaders while	while	SCONJ	holding	VERB	 holding
The premises remains open for business, though it has been refurbished several times. The Kray Twins also used	used	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the 1983 84 season, his first with the Oilers, the ownership group was unable to sustain the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
In 2007, the Giants made the playoffs for the third consecutive season. In a September game against the	the	DET	Eagles	PROPN	 Eagles
His hybrid was being cultivated in the US by the mid nineteenth century. Many new hybrid lines followed as	as	SCONJ	new	ADJ	 new
Retrospective surveys showed a lack of control and reporting procedures during incidents that should have been addressed in 1995,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Under his leadership, GTRI's first endowed chair was established in March 1998 in honor of Glen P. Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Hezbollah Central Internet Bureau released a video game in 2003 entitled Special Force and a sequel in 2007 in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He has inspired many Malagasy writers and poets after him, including Elie Rajaonarison, an exemplar of the new	new	ADJ	wave	NOUN	 wave
The added precipitation increased runoff and the erosive ability of streams (especially from spring melt water and flash floods	floods	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The term Greater Bristol, used by the Government Office of the South West (now abolished), the	the	DET	Office	PROPN	 Office
On August 24, the tropical storm passed north of the Leeward Islands and San Juan, Puerto Rico,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Ten years after Chikki's birth, between 1968 and 1969, approximately 300 long coated dogs were registered -	-	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Ulici attempted to synthesize the two conflicting natures in the Romanian identity, and viewed the two as terms in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In the 1983 – 84 season Los Angeles went 54 – 28, and played Boston in the Finals for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He played a key role in the Guadalcanal Campaign and the Battle of Guam and became the Commanding General of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The principal horn, Alan Civil, recalled, " We did about eighty percent modern and twenty percent classical	classical	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
He makes a mistake, then makes it again and again; he does not correct it, or look	look	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
Shortly after Mario's birth, his father revealed that he was having an affair with a German woman;	;	PUNCT	consequently	ADV	 consequently
Also, unlike her previous soundtrack releases, she had little to no control over the project; " I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
The authorities were investigating Martin's alleged numbers game operation at Ford plants and whether Martin had provided Michigan basketball	basketball	NOUN	players	NOUN	 players
Lord Doune's son, another James (c.1565 – 1592), married Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of	of	ADP	Moray	PROPN	 Moray
Three players share the record for most runner up finishes with four: Ben Hogan (1942, 1946,	,	PUNCT	1954	NUM	 1954
Halperin states that he told a Scientology official he wanted to have a successful career in Hollywood but was afraid	afraid	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1951, Governor Theodore McKeldin criticized the University of Maryland as an example of wasteful state spending, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Downtown Winnipeg's Exchange District is named after the area's original grain exchange, which operated from 1880 to	to	ADP	1913	NUM	 1913
The album charted well on national record charts throughout Europe and Oceania, appearing in the top twenty in several	several	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
This reliance led to large sets and set a precedent for the future days of film. By focusing on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Morris ' performance in the series eventually displaced Brown from his position as a first choice opening batsman alongside Barnes	Barnes	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A carapace covers the animal's cephalothorax, while the abdomen is long and segmented, ending in a broad	broad	ADJ	tail	NOUN	 tail
The project became one of the company's largest, with development taking over a year. The company understood	understood	VERB	the	DET	 the
Though Mitchell visited Melville Island regularly, he was primarily concerned with speaking to the officers, not the common	common	ADJ	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
Due to family difficulties, Wheatley acts as the guardian of two cousins and his half brother. Mongo was	was	AUX	ten	NUM	 ten
After being mobilised in December 1942, Liddell guested with Chelsea and Cambridge Town. He broke his leg in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Helena's favourite son, Prince Christian Victor, died in 1900, followed shortly by her mother, Queen	Queen	PROPN	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
Patrick Gann of RPGFan concurred and found all of the soundtrack's tunes to be " memorable " and the	the	DET	Original	PROPN	 Original
Marianna's brother Angelo Padovani tested Scagliarini by saying falsely that he had heard it was Morisi who had baptised	baptised	VERB	Edgardo	PROPN	 Edgardo
It is hard to fathom how South Vietnamese commanders hoped to move 400,000 civilians in utmost secrecy. So when	when	SCONJ	North	ADJ	 North
Evolution favours high rates of fecundity in r selected species. Many kinds of insects and invasive species exhibit r	r	NOUN	selected	VERB	 selected
As Moltke and Von der Tann were the only two German battlecruisers still in fighting condition, three dreadnoughts were	were	AUX	assigned	VERB	 assigned
Joppenbergh's ski track was coated with borax, and the tournament was held on July 18, 1937 at	at	ADP	2	NUM	 2
The third episode was nominated for the Golden Rose of Montreux, though did not win. Ian Johnson,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" includes the line " It's the great I Am " — taken from the response God gave when	when	SCONJ	Moses	PROPN	 Moses
A much greater increase in the numbers of foreign workers came with the oil price boom following the 1973 oil	oil	NOUN	crisis	NOUN	 crisis
When Edial Hall failed, Johnson travelled to London and brought the unfinished manuscript with him. In 1737,	,	PUNCT	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
The art critic Sally Yard has noted that in the portrayal of Dyer's flesh, " life seems to	to	PART	visibly	ADV	 visibly
Torn was to use a modified version of the SPECIAL system; combat occurred in quasi real time, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
Due to the lack of strong resistance, two Australian Army divisions succeeded in occupying eastern Indonesia. The British	British	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
He played mostly for the Lancaster Red Roses until he made his major league debut with the Athletics in 1912	1912	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Mikael Wood of The Los Angeles Times called it the album's best song. Kevin Ritchie of Now named	named	VERB	it	PRON	 it
By the end of the song's second verse, Harrison declares a wish to " know " God also	also	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
According to the American ambassador to Paraguay Charles A. Washburn, Lopez explained his seizure of the Brazilian ship by	by	ADP	saying	VERB	 saying
In 1787, the Society for the Abolition of the Slave Trade was founded. Parliament received numerous petitions against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
Stern (German for " Star "), a German weekly news magazine published in Hamburg, was formed	formed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Other pieces based on the opera included works by Adolf von Henselt and Jean Amédée Méreaux. Similar works,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
In suppressing the revolution, Batista's government had orchestrated mass human rights abuses, with most estimates for the	the	DET	death	NOUN	 death
Some faulted the game for relying on the " wander around, get into a random battle, win battle	battle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the initial recording sessions for the album in 2007 in Fez, Morocco, the band wrote the song	song	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
After the initial exchange of gunfire ended, Crow fled the scene, but was shot in the back about	about	ADP	1.5	NUM	 1.5
Former owner Tommy Gorman returned to Ottawa in 1944, when he purchased the club and the Auditorium. He	He	PRON	operated	VERB	 operated
At the launch of the film in July 2009, Thiagarajan announced that 36 prominent actors would play lead roles	roles	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
However, as soon as UN forces retreated to Pusan Perimeter following the Battle of Taejon, the Naval aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The formal gardens were first laid out by Edward la Zouche, who was a horticulturist. Sir John Cope	Cope	PROPN	redesigned	VERB	 redesigned
Actress Emma Thompson wrote the script and stars as Elinor Dashwood, while Kate Winslet plays Elinor's younger sister	sister	NOUN	Marianne	PROPN	 Marianne
During the German led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, she was captured by the Italians and served	served	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Since that time, advances have enabled the study of previously limited areas of observation (e.g. improved rock dating	dating	VERB	methods	NOUN	 methods
It runs from Eaton Rapids to the VFW National Home for Children, southeast of town through a rural area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Game 4, the Penguins tied the Red Wings at two games apiece with three unanswered goals in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
He retreated, suffering major losses, towards Częstochowa. On July 27, pressured by Franciszka z Krasińskich,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
A few F2 hybrid seed cultivars also exist, such as Achillea ' Summer Berries '. Some cultivars are	are	AUX	agamospermous	ADJ	 agamospermous
Israel unilaterally withdrew from Gaza in 2005. By 2007, Hamas emerged both as the victor in Palestinian elections	elections	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
(Znaniecki proposes the founding of a new empirically based science which would study science itself, and which he	he	PRON	terms	VERB	 terms
Madonna explained to them that she needed an uptempo song and a downtempo song. As per her demands,	,	PUNCT	Leonard	PROPN	 Leonard
The mid to late 1990s were KMFDM's most successful years in terms of album sales and mainstream awareness.	.	PUNCT	Konietzko	PROPN	 Konietzko
Responding to lack of adequate hospital beds and housing for soldiers needed to protect the District, the Union commandeered	commandeered	VERB	University	PROPN	 University
Similar coins have been found in large quantities since his death. In addition to these writings, he produced	produced	VERB	a	DET	 a
Gruppe, 14 Fw 190s in total, in an attack on B 17s in the area of Sedan,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
As the roll call finished, Matilda Joslyn Gage, a suffragist, mounted the stage, provoking cheers from	from	ADP	some	DET	 some
The adverse weather conditions common over Japan also limited the effectiveness of the Superfortresses, as crews that managed to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
In 2006, Lionsgate released a Blu ray of the film that is presented in a slightly washed out 1080p	1080p	NUM	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
Mario can fold into a boat or a paper airplane by standing on a special activation panel, and roll	roll	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The white stork is a rare visitor to the British Isles, as about 20 birds are seen in Britain	Britain	PROPN	every	DET	 every
Regardless, his parents called him Bix, which seems to have been his preference. In a letter to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The engineer at the session was Phil McDonald. According to Scott, the basic track took " a couple	couple	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He agrees to destroy the rocks hindering the path in exchange for bonus coins. After Dixie and Kiddy find	find	VERB	all	DET	 all
Sherwin White points out Eusebius ' use of the phrase in his passage on the Thundering Legion (at Historia	Historia	PROPN	Ecclesiastica	PROPN	 Ecclesiastica
Lucy accepts Gru's invitation for a date, and the pair dive into the ocean seconds before the rocket	rocket	NOUN	enters	VERB	 enters
" He completes this thought later in his Concluding Unscientific Postscript and expands on looking inward in Practice in Christianity	Christianity	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Hippe openly supported the Labour Party Prime Minister of Norway, Jens Stoltenberg from mid 2000 in Stoltenberg's first	first	ADJ	term	NOUN	 term
Following this, Gordon returns to the Citadel, unwillingly aiding Freeman in his journey up the Citadel and influencing	influencing	VERB	the	DET	 the
" A viral marketing campaign was employed for the film. After the revelation of the first teaser trailer,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Daniel Schweiger of Film Music Magazine said that Mancina's score was " arguably a better one than Speed "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He was a midfielder but also played as a striker and represented his country at the under 16, under	under	ADP	18	NUM	 18
" The second movement in four sections consists of an " exposition ", a fast fugue, a slow	slow	ADJ	fugue	NOUN	 fugue
In 2006 he was an Outland and Lombardi Trophy watch lists selection and in 2007 he was a finalist for	for	ADP	both	DET	 both
Throughout her reign, Ranavalona's aunt, Ramisindrazana, acted as an adviser and exercised considerable influence at court	court	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a result of the hit, and a possible elbow, Betts suffered a broken orbital bone and was	was	AUX	out	ADV	 out
Dorian Lynskey from The Guardian said West often " undercuts rap cliches with wit and ambivalence ", but observed	observed	VERB	some	DET	 some
Following the success of Ronnie Barker: A BAFTA Tribute, Barker wanted to return The Two Ronnies to television	television	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Miss Pratt (1825) – foaled Echidna, who was the dam of The Baron. The Baron won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
As early as December 1756, New France's governor, the Marquis de Vaudreuil, began the process of	of	ADP	recruiting	VERB	 recruiting
The Democrats agreed and the filibuster ended. Tilden later blamed Bayard, among others, for his role in	in	ADP	creating	VERB	 creating
He was the third of four sons born to Jack Matthews, a local boxer who was also known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Not only was the roof repaired but much of the panelling taken down and repaired, and new cornices installed	installed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
At the time, the only available source of pig bristles was China. In 1946, the company Jardine	Jardine	PROPN	Matheson	PROPN	 Matheson
Dennis Tucker, head of Whitman Publishing, in 2016 described the coin as " something of a ' Sarah	Sarah	PROPN	plain	NOUN	 plain
It came to most of Europe on 29 April 2011 and the UK on 28 April 2011. The announcement	announcement	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Pineda began the 2013 season on the 60 day DL as he was still recovering from the shoulder surgery.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
When the lakes dry up, they leave a crust or hardpan behind. This area of deposited clay,	,	PUNCT	silt	NOUN	 silt
The Cloverleaf Trail, the older of the two roads, was initially developed as the Rainy River colonization road	road	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some feminists are engaged with men's issues activism, such as bringing attention to male rape and spousal battery	battery	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It moved steadily southeast for 12 mi (19 km), moving just south of New Preston, and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Kurasame Susaya (クラサメ ・ スサヤ) is Class Zero's mentor and a guest character in battle. He	He	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Ranking fourth in the Eastern Conference going into the 1996 playoffs, Jovanovski helped the Panthers advance to the Stanley	Stanley	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
Bond awakens, tied up with Natalya in the helicopter programmed to self destruct, but they escape. They	They	PRON	are	AUX	 are
" In attempting to navigate the cultural expectations of female writers and the generic conventions of political and philosophical discourse	discourse	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The latter name is the origin of the Modern Greek stikhio (στοιχειό), denoting various kinds of spirits	spirits	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The trade transformed both clubs. The formerly inept Leafs turned into a contender almost immediately, while Leeman scored	scored	VERB	only	ADV	 only
These were supported by twenty 57 mm (2.2 in) 43 cal. guns and ten 37 mm (	(	PUNCT	1.5	NUM	1.5
The territory officially came under government control as the Federal Capital Territory on 1 January 1911. The planning and	and	CCONJ	construction	NOUN	 construction
Shore birds include meadow pipit, rock pipit and ringed plover. The woodland at Carrick House attracts a variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On September 14, 1861, after reorganizing, they were ordered by Governor Edwin D. Morgan, at the	the	DET	request	NOUN	 request
" David Packard at DVD Verdict said in a review of the The Simpsons Gone Wild DVD that " this	this	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
According to El Moutawakel, the Commission was very impressed with the unity of government support, the quality of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The NHC downgraded the storm back to a tropical depression on August 25. Barry made landfall near Melbourne,	,	PUNCT	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Every January, the university holds a week long winter festival, Kuviasungnerk / Kangeiko, which include early morning	morning	NOUN	exercise	NOUN	 exercise
As such, contradictory statements highlight the unreliable nature of Cal's narration. While narrating the story that pre	pre	VERB	dates	VERB	 dates
Perhaps the most famous proponent of the Bates method was the British writer Aldous Huxley. At the age of	of	ADP	sixteen	NUM	 sixteen
By the start of the new century, Robey was a big name in pantomime, and he was able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
According to Orderic Vitalis, Magnus left treasure with a wealthy citizen in Lincoln which was confiscated by King Henry	Henry	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
The Pilgrims were not the first people in the area. Besides the indigenous tribes, there had been nearly	nearly	ADV	a	DET	 a
Early in their career, Madness were linked to skinheads; members of a British working class subculture that the	the	DET	media	NOUN	 media
" The ideas of the Greek traditions of natural history and medicine survived, but they were generally taken unquestioningly	unquestioningly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The cause of the explosion was investigated by a board of inquiry, which in March 1898 came to the	the	DET	conclusion	NOUN	 conclusion
The country is divided into 47 prefectures in eight regions. The population of 126 million is the world's	's	PART	tenth	ADV	 tenth
An intense investigation took place into the events in Manila and it was discovered that the group behind the bridge	bridge	NOUN	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
In 1884, a number of different coins were countermarked with a fleur de lis for circulation on Puerto Rico	Rico	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He believes himself without an identity and, in a desperate attempt to find one for himself, starts taking	taking	VERB	people	NOUN	 people
Starting to appear more frequently, Dotty became a recurring character. Santer told Digital Spy in May 2009 that	that	SCONJ	Dotty	PROPN	 Dotty
He noted the existence of blood tests of imprisoned Falun Gong followers, which is not useful for the victims	victims	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
A short final " Conclusion " deals with her return to England, and lists supporters of her fund raising	raising	VERB	effort	NOUN	 effort
By so doing he managed to maintain the volume of traffic carried by the canal, both freight and passengers	passengers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In February 2012, the Centre for Economics and Business Research concluded that " Scotland receives no net subsidy "	"	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The UERL had financial problems. Ticket prices were low and passenger numbers were significantly below the pre opening estimates	estimates	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dr. Duncan Anderson (consultant editor). Oxford: Osprey. ISBN 1 84176 707 7. Smith,	,	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
If blowing up a four foot plane, the explosion must be a minimum of eight feet in the air	air	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After retiring as a rugby player, he continued to take part as an umpire. In 1884 he started	started	VERB	mountaineering	VERB	 mountaineering
This time, the judge implores the people of the court to please stop saying " Oh no!,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In the meantime, units at the front went through a number of war games to practice repelling an enemy	enemy	NOUN	counterattack	NOUN	 counterattack
In response, requests for assistance was sent to contacts in England and in October 1944 the Royal Air Force	Force	PROPN	bombed	VERB	 bombed
" All movement had been restricted to nighttime, culminating in a general move forward on the night of 18	18	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Wheelwright arrived in Boston in the Massachusetts Bay Colony on 26 May 1636, and was admitted to the Boston	Boston	PROPN	church	NOUN	 church
His reign lasted from 10 to 15 years and was a period of continued activity. In most of the	the	DET	Maya	PROPN	 Maya
Kanche translates to fence in English and Krish relates that the film focuses on the effects of a fence on	on	ADP	friendship	NOUN	 friendship
Bacteria can also be elongated to form filaments, for example the Actinobacteria. Filamentous bacteria are often surrounded by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
After that, the two fronts were to rest for 10 days and resume the offensive southward in further operations	operations	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Norddeutscher Lloyd (NDL) steamer Locksun towed Geier to the Marshall Islands, where further repairs were made	made	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Olympic Village in Hamar will make use of the 239 room Hotel Scandic Hamar, located between the two	two	NUM	venues	NOUN	 venues
The northbound bridge was completed in April 2008 and the southbound bridge was completed in April 2009. In May	May	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
Nineteenth century lithographs of Marko were made by Anastas Jovanović, Ferdo Kikerec and others. Artists who painted Marko	Marko	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
When developing the character drama, the team took inspiration from another film by Carpenter, 1982's The Thing	Thing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Behindwoods rated Chandramukhi as " 2005's summer blockbuster of the decade (from 2003 to 2013) ".	.	PUNCT	Split	ADJ	 Split
Beyoncé is a fourteen track set with seventeen short films: a video for each audio track, two extra	extra	ADJ	videos	NOUN	 videos
The Spring Special Love Hina Spring Special: I Wish Your Dream was also shown on TV Tokyo on April	April	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
The episode also introduced the characters of The Lone Gunmen — conspiracy theorists John Fitzgerald Byers (Bruce Harwood)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the US, approximately 60% of people with HIV use various forms of complementary or alternative medicine,	,	PUNCT	even	ADV	 even
Each zone has a dominant species of vegetation. Many of the species found higher up the mountain are endemic	endemic	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 2008, the company estimated that it might be possible to start construction in 2013, and complete the	the	DET	project	NOUN	 project
The sideboard, which had been commissioned from Collier and Plucknett, was further extended. New items were also	also	ADV	ordered	VERB	 ordered
She came under Cradock's command in mid September. At the end of September, Cradock made his first	first	ADJ	fruitless	ADJ	 fruitless
The film Casablanca was a plot device in the science fiction television movie Overdrawn at the Memory Bank (1983	1983	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The upper portion of the panel shows the second coming as recorded in Matthew 25: 31: " But	But	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
The first novel, Veronica Mars: The Thousand Dollar Tan Line, was released by Random House on March	March	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
But Coach Brown called a timeout before Groza could make the try, which alerted the Giants to a possible	possible	ADJ	fake	ADJ	 fake
The episode introduced the characters of the Dummi Bears and Reptar. The Dummi Bears were inspired by non violent	violent	ADJ	children	NOUN	 children
They were making 100 gallons of soup at a time, that ’ s 800 people all queuing at the	the	DET	back	NOUN	 back
Chief judge Yasushi Nakamura stated that the reporting was " slipshod in the extreme. " After his tournament victory	victory	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
E stands for " export ". Tu 142MZ The last production variant of the " Bear F ",	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
They also designed about 23 urban churches of varying sizes and styles. Most were in the industrial towns of	of	ADP	Lancashire	PROPN	 Lancashire
One of the mudslides covered a 10 km (6.2 mi) section of the Yenhsi Highway between Hsitou and	and	CCONJ	Luku	PROPN	 Luku
In writing the episode, Davies expressed hope that " this mini adventure [would show] that music can	can	AUX	take	VERB	 take
Pixar paid tribute to their " good luck charm " in the end credits of Cars (2006) by	by	ADP	parodying	VERB	 parodying
A study of nine different bivalves with widespread distributions in tropical marine waters concluded that the mussel, Trichomya hirsuta	hirsuta	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Supplies for several years were hoarded, and siege engines and incendiary materials (naphtha) were stockpiled. The	The	DET	supply	NOUN	 supply
Genus valde intricatum et numerosissimis dubiis oppressum A genus that is very complex and burdened with numerous uncertainties Narcissus was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
Talbot returned home in mid December, to have " a quiet family Christmas ". Plans were made for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Because of the negativity of Bruce's campaign against Powers, Bruce was the only person banned from Powers '	'	PART	ranch	NOUN	 ranch
Past the freeway portion, the route heads northwest along the border of Morris and Passaic Counties as a four-	four-	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The course at SFTS typically consisted of two streams, intermediate and advanced, and included such techniques as instrument	instrument	NOUN	flying	NOUN	 flying
Enemies and friends of Lowell alike questioned his vacillating interest in the question of slavery. Abolitionist Samuel Joseph May	May	AUX	accused	VERB	 accused
The sculpture was assigned to Charles Y. Harvey, a graduate of the American Academy in Rome, who had	had	AUX	worked	VERB	 worked
Thomas Carlyle, the Scottish philosopher, was one of those present that night, and he later recalled that	that	SCONJ	:	PUNCT	:
Giselle was first performed in Russia at the Bolshoi Theatre, St. Petersburg, on 18 December 1842. Stepan	Stepan	PROPN	Gedeonov	PROPN	 Gedeonov
The activists eventually gained the support of Senator Jacob K. Javits of New York and Representative Alvin Morell Bentley of	of	ADP	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
Max does not accept that his father is dead and never forgives his mother for remarrying. Héloïse also disapproves	disapproves	VERB	of	ADP	 of
A 2004 report by the United States Department of Energy stated that both the Shell technology and technology used in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The situation in Nagorno Karabakh had grown so out of hand that in January 1989 the central government in Moscow	Moscow	PROPN	temporarily	ADV	 temporarily
Hannibal transferred to the new Channel Fleet (formerly the Home Fleet) on 28 February 1905. This service	service	NOUN	ended	VERB	 ended
For example, mainline churches, with their upper class congregations, " promote [d] order, stability	stability	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The song became an FM rock radio staple and one of Thorogood's most identifiable and popular songs. In	In	ADP	1985	NUM	 1985
The nucleus of the helium 4 atom is identical with an alpha particle. High energy electron scattering experiments show	show	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Some linguists and philosophers of language have criticized Fodor's self proclaimed " extreme " concept nativism. Kent Bach	Bach	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Byzantines retained control of some fortresses in the north eastern corner of the island for some decades thereafter,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" The following day the Liberty was again boarded and seized when officials found 20 barrels of tar and 200	200	NUM	barrels	NOUN	 barrels
After receiving a report that Governor Hutchinson had again refused to let the ships leave, Adams announced that "	"	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
As in the third round, City won 1 – 0 thanks to a Francis Lee goal. The semi	semi	ADJ	final	ADJ	 final
More than 1,000 autos were built by Haynes Automobile Company in 1910 and the company continued to experience growth,	,	PUNCT	until	SCONJ	 until
" The Queen relied on her second eldest daughter Princess Alice as an unofficial secretary, but Alice needed an	an	DET	assistant	NOUN	 assistant
Even in Africa, knowledge of Soviet Affairs proved useful. With Leonid Brezhnev in power, Soviet foreign policy	policy	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
However, the Auld Alliance with France led to the heavy defeat of a Scottish army at the Battle of	of	ADP	Flodden	PROPN	 Flodden
McLaren boss Ron Dennis played down the times, saying the team was concentrating on tyre evaluation. Dennis's	's	PART	lack	NOUN	 lack
Piller felt that when Guinan took Ro to meet Captain Jean Luc Picard in that episode, the character was	was	AUX	effectively	ADV	 effectively
The number of cases of PID however, is not clear. It is estimated to affect about 1.5 percent	percent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Theravada politics characteristically extended the biographical mode of recreating the Buddha's presence and associated with it the power of	of	ADP	kings	NOUN	 kings
All passports had to be handed over. No one was allowed to travel without his permission. Ordinary members	members	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Firstly, it is a measurement of the machine's health and is decreased, for example, when the	the	DET	machine	NOUN	 machine
NC 98 first appeared in 1930 as a state route connecting NC 91 and NC 102 in the coastal region	region	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Allardyce was awarded the Premier League Manager of the Month for February 2014 following a run of four wins and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
Both of these techniques lead to characters having white outlines when copied digitally onto the scene. Parts of Hinata	Hinata	PROPN	Inn	PROPN	 Inn
The 2 / 15th took over the advance on 31 December, reaching Nunzen on New Years Day. The	The	DET	Sanga	PROPN	 Sanga
The IIHF recognized the Czech Republic's team as the successor to Czechoslovakia and it retained its position in the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
" Lancashire would not play — although all decisions about fitness for play should have been made by the umpires	umpires	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, over 300 plug in hybrids were sold in 2011, mainly Opel Amperas. Light duty plug	plug	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In a more critical review, Spin's Jonathan Bernstein was not impressed by songs such as " If I	I	PRON	Had	AUX	 Had
This normally had to be done within three days, and by 1897 only one claim per person at a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Geophysicists believe that hotspots originate at one of two major boundaries deep in the Earth, either a shallow interface	interface	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The album was produced by Alan Douglas and Echo & the Bunnymen and was recorded at Doghouse Studios in Henley	Henley	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Weiland and Marc McDonald were impressed with the new MOS Technology 6502 microprocessor that was a derivative of the 6800	6800	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The first ISA concert was held in September 2008 at the San Gabriel Mission Playhouse in Los Angeles. A	A	DET	second	ADJ	 second
During the recording of the album, the band was mainly influenced by post punk bands such as Wire,	,	PUNCT	Public	PROPN	 Public
The same imagery is exhibited by the little boy outside who tries to frame Madonna's playbill image into different	different	ADJ	angles	NOUN	 angles
Fluorosurfactants are small organofluorine molecules used for repelling water and stains. Although expensive (comparable to pharmaceuticals at $	$	SYM	200	NUM	200
These intrasexual displays of aggression are more frequent in females, and are vital when a breeding female is forcing	forcing	VERB	both	CCONJ	 both
The 12 minute performance featured Prince accompanied by two dancers he calls " The Twinz " and the Florida A	A	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
He made his debut in this match, coming on as a substitute in the last 15 minutes, during	during	ADP	which	PRON	 which
His two seasons with Basel were broken up by a loan spell with Thun, before he moved to England	England	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
On that occasion, the mother, Empress Shōshi received presents such as baby clothes and furniture. The illustration	illustration	NOUN	associated	VERB	 associated
I wasn't rebellious in a certain way. I cared about being good at something. I didn't	n't	PART	shave	VERB	 shave
Oecomys sydandersoni is medium sized for its genus, being larger than, for example, O. bicolor, but	but	CCONJ	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
Over the course of his work he shifted his focus from philosophy to sociology. He remains a major figure	figure	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This bill would have provided for 10,000 coins from the Philadelphia Mint, 2,000 coins from Denver, and 3,000	3,000	NUM	from	ADP	 from
He joins her on the bed, and she begins playfully spanking him as the two enter a pillow fight	fight	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While the African wildcat is the ancestral subspecies from which domestic cats are descended, and wildcats and domestic cats	cats	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
The gameplay is characterized by fine control and split second timing as the player runs and jumps through over 300	300	NUM	hazardous	ADJ	 hazardous
" Hunting Trip ", along with the other 23 second season episodes of Parks and Recreation, was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Federer and Safin turned pro within one year of each other, with Safin turning pro in 1997 and Federer	Federer	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
With the rise of Hanseatic power in the late 13th and early 14th century, Middle Low German became very	very	ADV	influential	ADJ	 influential
The division is alerted to a case where a man has been killed, eaten from the inside by insects	insects	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A 20 minute mini episode in two parts called " The Monster Hunt " written by Trevor Baxendale and read	read	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In June, Federer announced that after the end of his third term, he would resign as President of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was the first time since 1979, when Tom Cousineau signed with the Canadian Football League instead of the	the	DET	Buffalo	PROPN	 Buffalo
These studies provided the majority of the early educational effects of Sesame Street and have been cited in other studies	studies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" State owned Russian news agency RIA Novosti immediately criticised the prize as a " political tool " — a	a	DET	denunciation	NOUN	 denunciation
It should be noted that the precise nature of this strive for positive self concept is a matter of debate	debate	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Thus, Minot Air Force Base stored and maintained a ready arsenal of nuclear bombs, nuclear warheads, and	and	CCONJ	associated	VERB	 associated
Eventually the MIT Corporation approved a formal agreement to merge with Harvard, over the vehement objections of MIT faculty	faculty	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Two labels wanted the song. While Beyoncé worked on material for B ' Day, she was pleased with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Her last flag change of command occurred on 23 January 1941, when Willson was relieved by Isaac Kidd,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
The stipe is 8 – 22.5 cm (3.1 – 8.9 in) long and 0.7 – 1.5 cm (	(	PUNCT	0.3	NUM	0.3
In July, he proclaimed the reestablishment of the Kingdom of Montenegro, but his attempt to establish an Axis	Axis	ADJ	aligned	VERB	 aligned
He spent most of his time drawing caricatures of his teachers and daydreaming, something not appreciated by his teachers	teachers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ear inflammations are common in drop eared breeds of dog, including the American Cocker, and luxating patellas and	and	CCONJ	hip	NOUN	 hip
Clarke made additional appearances as the Sun Demon. However, 18 months after the company started distributing the film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1635, Mary and William Dyer sailed from England to New England. Mary was likely pregnant, or	or	CCONJ	gave	VERB	 gave
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 19, 1999. In the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The French media and diplomatic corps viewed the result as a humiliation. Before the poll, French officials had	had	AUX	privately	ADV	 privately
They were not originally prepared to conduct major reconstruction efforts. When V Corps became the commanding element for the	the	DET	task	NOUN	 task
John Peckham, Archbishop of Canterbury, died in December 1292, and on 13 February 1293 Winchelsey was elected	elected	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Although Gattaca was not a success at the box office it drew generally favorable reviews from critics; The Fort	Fort	PROPN	Worth	PROPN	 Worth
This is the new Blairmore Suburban Development Area (SDA) hosting seven new neighbourhoods and a future interchange at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cognitive science consists of multiple research disciplines, including psychology, artificial intelligence, philosophy, neuroscience, linguistics,	,	PUNCT	anthropology	NOUN	 anthropology
The Japanese loss in the Battle of Midway, where four carriers were sunk (out of ten, to	to	ADP	date	NOUN	 date
The personnel included head constable Jayender Singh, sub inspector Jagbir Singh, and the members of the escort party	party	NOUN	provided	VERB	 provided
The IndyCar series also conducted an investigation into whether or not the series should continue racing on high banked ovals	ovals	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
He's still invested in it and certainly cares about [Mulder]. And I think he recognized that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
A slow ballad based on piano and guitar, it describes a heroin addicted couple living in Dublin's Ballymun	Ballymun	PROPN	flats	NOUN	 flats
Captain Brown formally assumed command of Missouri on 10 December, just ahead of the completion of maintenance work on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
An election for the new post was held on 15 November 2012, and Independent candidate George Ferguson became Mayor	Mayor	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Gold Miners grew increasingly dissatisfied with Hornet Stadium. Anderson blamed losses of US $10 million over two	two	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Along with his Supreme Court appointment, McKinley appointed six judges to the United States Courts of Appeals, and	and	CCONJ	28	NUM	 28
Other criticisms include the increasing emphasis on video quality and voiceovers, and their effect on development budgets and the	the	DET	amount	NOUN	 amount
The creature's Yeti like appearance was based on a Smithsonian cover of a marmoset. Also created for the	the	DET	Rura	PROPN	 Rura
Although details of the second half are unavailable, touchdowns in the first half were scored by David Grayson,	,	PUNCT	G.	PROPN	 G.
This solid base of support, however, was fragmented in the years following the war. Despite the collaborative	collaborative	ADJ	nature	NOUN	 nature
It was organized July 10, 1880, and chartered on October 23, 1880, to build a rail	rail	NOUN	connection	NOUN	 connection
The authors of the DRC report were specific enough to predict that 19,746 jobs would be created by the dam	dam	NOUN	's	PART	's
Since 1989, the Thorne and Hatfield Moors Conservation Forum have taken over this responsibility. These papers now run	run	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He implanted representatives of ethnic groups he had recently conquered in specified neighborhoods of the city. Each Merina social	social	ADJ	class	NOUN	 class
It's about feeling good, celebrating womanhood. " The album opens with the first single " Gimme More	More	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
He was buried in the Royal Burial Ground behind the Royal Mausoleum of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert at Frogmore	Frogmore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Solis had the support of Molina and U.S. Representative Barbara Boxer, in an effort that focused on door to	to	ADP	door	NOUN	 door
Meanwhile, in neighbouring Normandy, Henry delivered justice through the courts run by his officials across the duchy and	and	CCONJ	occasionally	ADV	 occasionally
On July 9, a defined low pressure system formed south of Baja California and increased convective activity led to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Brew concluded, " Everyone who makes an animated film that has a love story at the heart should	should	AUX	watch	VERB	 watch
It is important to note that this uneasiness in categorization is perpetuated by the fact that major writers of the	the	DET	Boom	PROPN	 Boom
The First single from the record, " Did we ever really Try " was released in October 2011 with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
In all first class matches, Crossland claimed 322 wickets at an average of 10.95. He took ten wickets	wickets	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Later branches constructed in the nineteenth century included lines from Stoke on Trent to Congleton via Smallthorne and Biddulph;	;	PUNCT	Stoke	PROPN	 Stoke
Resident Evil: Afterlife was released to DVD, Blu ray, and Blu ray 3D on December 28,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
Immediately after the war, the 1948 Summer Olympics were held at the original Wembley Stadium, at a time	time	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
If women express a desire to leave the sex industry, JC's Girls attempts to support them in doing	doing	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Lisa LoCicero also guest starred as Daphne Peralta, the eponymous wedding planner. Mekenna Melvin reprised her recurring role	role	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is a weekly free paper, the Bolton Journal and Bolton Council's monthly newspaper, Bolton Scene.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In conveying his impressions of Falstaff, Hazlitt first emphasises the sheer physical bulk that we remember him by:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The bad weather also disrupted international flights, and knocked out electricity to over 2 million households. NT $	$	SYM	2	NUM	2
The following night on Raw, Riley raised the hand of Miz with the WWE Championship with leading to his	his	PRON	disqualification	NOUN	 disqualification
The Russian word for poppy is " mak " (мак), a homophone for Mac — a major	major	ADJ	nickname	NOUN	 nickname
The river then continues the remaining eight kilometres to the sea at Henley Beach South, emptying into Gulf St	St	PROPN	Vincent	PROPN	 Vincent
The animators added production errors that would come in a low budget film. For example, a man in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Brown hired Collier as a backfield coach for the team, which was set to begin play in 1946.	.	PUNCT	Initially	ADV	 Initially
In the first week of July, a mutiny broke out in the army and violence erupted between black and	and	CCONJ	white	ADJ	 white
Elliott worked on The Cookbook with such producers as The Neptunes, Rich Harrison and Scott Storch. The album	album	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the song has a " fresh sound ". Spence D. of IGN	IGN	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
HMS Empress of India, named after a regnal title of Queen Victoria, was the first ship of her	her	PRON	name	NOUN	 name
Mexico's Lucia Vazquez Delgadillo then opened the scoring to give Mexico a two point lead, which turned out	out	ADP	to	PART	 to
The role of Mr Darcy elevated Colin Firth to stardom. A scene showing Firth in a wet shirt was	was	AUX	recognised	VERB	 recognised
" In a statement confirming Knight's departure, Rhimes said: " I think I speak for the entire	entire	ADJ	Grey	PROPN	 Grey
For instance, a classic 1910 reconstruction by Oliver P. Hay depicts two Diplodocus with splayed lizard like limbs on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Ambrose leader cable was an armored cable with a single internal conductor (see picture) that acted like	like	ADP	a	DET	 a
Music supervisor Robert Kraft used existing music from the 1950s, all of which had to be re recorded,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Now totally dismasted, Bellerophon began to drift away from the action, her crew fighting fires. As she	she	PRON	moved	VERB	 moved
Everyone has their sexuality. It's how you treat people in everyday life that counts, not what turns	turns	VERB	you	PRON	 you
In New York, WOR aired the games in English, with Howie Rose and Josh Lewin announcing, while	while	SCONJ	WEPN	PROPN	 WEPN
Major riots broke out in Léopoldville, the Congolese capital, on 4 January 1959 after a political demonstration turned	turned	VERB	violent	ADJ	 violent
The heads up display, which simulates the inside of Samus ' helmet, features a radar display, a	a	DET	map	NOUN	 map
It was found to be generally superior to dicoumarol, and in 1954 was approved for medical use in humans	humans	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The subject wears an opulent red gown with turned back trumpet sleeves and a partlet with standing collar; the	the	DET	latter	ADJ	 latter
The Hubble Space Telescope, which is being repaired at the beginning of the movie, previously had an altitude	altitude	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Digital Spy's Nick Levine named it a " strutting arena rock " song, while Nick Butler from	from	ADP	Sputnikmusic	PROPN	 Sputnikmusic
While Zahir used force to strengthen his position in the region, the local inhabitants generally took comfort in his	his	PRON	rule	NOUN	 rule
" Collider's Matt Goldberg considered that while Iron Man 2, Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger	Avenger	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
In 1965 Britain commenced an official program of metrication that, as of 2012, had not been completed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Cave 16 Cave 16 is a small dwelling, on a slightly higher level above cave 15. It has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
This is a video for young teenage girls and not sexy at all. " Dark responded to the negative	negative	ADJ	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
The two rap tracks in the session used the Massenburg EQ plug in, " the ' 9 ' send	send	NOUN	goes	VERB	 goes
In August 2015, it was announced that the song would be released as part of a public service announcement	announcement	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
When a Liu family relative of an emperor — usually a princely son — was designated as his heir apparent	apparent	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Mooring was paid, and his contribution to the episode was acknowledged by the staff. There were several changes	changes	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
As erosion depleted the soil, the cyclical forest regrowth and burning ended as the forest gradually failed to return	return	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Speaking to the Yorkshire Evening Post in 2010, Eccleston denied that he left due to fear of being typecast	typecast	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When the Persian capital of Ctesiphon in province of Khvârvarân (today known as Iraq) fell to the Muslims	Muslims	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
When approached, Trumbull was busy on Close Encounters, and was tired of being ignored as a director and	and	CCONJ	having	VERB	 having
Large thunderstorm areas known as mesoscale convective complexes move through the Plains, Midwest, and Great Lakes during the	the	DET	warm	ADJ	 warm
It was first published by William Morrow and Company in 2008. Wall was born into a polygamous family in	in	ADP	Salt	PROPN	 Salt
Actions such as training units, constructing buildings, killing enemy units etc., earn the player experience points	points	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Early reports of Dr. Wily's Revenge were made in February 1991 in both the magazine GamePro and Steven A.	A.	PROPN	Schwartz	PROPN	 Schwartz
According to Wired.com, the legal threats " [had] Kickstriker ’ s founders rolling their eyes. "	"	PUNCT	Kony	PROPN	 Kony
The add on was not well received by reviewers, and instead was regarded as average but at least challenging	challenging	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The fall, on the other hand, brought Wainwright increased activity. After spending the first two weeks of	of	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Belle is prescribed with painkillers to help combat her anxiety disorder. However she becomes addicted to them. Tovey	Tovey	NOUN	said	VERB	 said
The $100,000 award was later reduced to $10,000 by the Ontario Court of Appeal, causing Livingstone to	to	PART	appeal	VERB	 appeal
The lawsuit also claimed that the number of known victims is much higher, 234, and estimates that the	the	DET	number	NOUN	 number
That's the gist of it, that's why I feel like killing myself. Sorry if that's	's	AUX	not	PART	 not
Overall, Heliade's experiments had marginal appeal, and their critics (Eminescu included) contrasted them with Heliade	Heliade	PROPN	's	PART	's
The piece is written for full choir, organ, and a treble or soprano soloist who has many challenging	challenging	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In March 2008, GMG Radio requested that Ofcom remove the 45 hour jazz commitment for its London and Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	stations	NOUN	 stations
Third, they can produce a range of serious side effects, including weight gain, diabetes, fatigue,	,	PUNCT	sexual	ADJ	 sexual
A documentary film, titled His Name Was Jason: 30 Years of Friday the 13th, was released in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
" Morrison's next album, Beautiful Vision, released in 1982, had him returning once again to the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
Similarly, the Constitution Act 1986 reformed the constitution of New Zealand to sever its constitutional link with Britain,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Editors of About.com ranked him No. 4 on their list of the Top 50 MCs of Our Time (	(	PUNCT	1987	NUM	1987
In the House of Commons which is the lower house of the British Parliament based at the Palace of Westminster	Westminster	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Americans lost about 250 killed in the operation while the Japanese suffered around 3,000 killed – about 12 to	to	PART	1	NUM	 1
The majority of Redemption was filmed on location outside Cape Town, South Africa since it was difficult to mimic	mimic	VERB	an	DET	 an
It was used at the old Eglinton Estate, which had been commandeered by the army, to provide its	its	PRON	army	NOUN	 army
Planning then began for the invasion of Europe, and even early plans for Overlord called for the commitment of	of	ADP	airborne	ADJ	 airborne
To predict if the production of mendelevium would be possible, the team made use of a rough calculation.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Haakon attempted to intercept Magnus by travelling south to Viken by land (over the mountains of Dovrefjell),	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" The film was released on July 21. Also in 2001, Harisu published her autobiography, Eve from	from	ADP	Adam	PROPN	 Adam
The work acknowledges Tippett's past with quotations from The Midsummer Marriage. Tippett described the longest and most ambitious	ambitious	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Their son, Troy O'Donovan Garity, was born on July 7, 1973 in Los Angeles and was given	given	VERB	his	PRON	 his
By the next night, the German ships had withdrawn, and the squadron returned to Rosyth. On 11	11	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
The 35 year old Sir Edward Howard was appointed Lord High Admiral in April and chose the Mary Rose as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The band members grew uncomfortable with their success, with much of the burden of Pearl Jam's popularity falling	falling	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In 1988, TAPS was delivering 25 percent of all U.S. oil production. As North Slope oil production declined	declined	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Jonathan Gray, author of the book Watching The Simpsons, feels that Lisa " is probably the best and	and	CCONJ	certainly	ADV	 certainly
Later studies showed squirrel monkeys were also vulnerable to infection. Chagas named the pathogenic parasite as Trypanosoma cruzi and	and	CCONJ	later	ADV	 later
As a post black artist, his mixed media work, such as his Spring 2008 exhibition The Dead Lecturer	Lecturer	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Only military expenditures were increased, by $140 million to an estimated $1 billion. Nasser also increased	increased	VERB	the	DET	 the
He returned against Yorkshire at Bramall Lane, Sheffield, making four as Australia batted first and scored 249.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
HTC has reported further loss of revenue in the first and second quarter and they have also mentioned that they	they	PRON	closed	VERB	 closed
His older brothers were Christopher Lekapenos (co emperor 921 – 931) and Stephen Lekapenos (co emperor 924	924	PROPN	945	NUM	 945
Six of these intensified into tropical storms, three less than the average of nine, of which only two	two	NUM	attained	VERB	 attained
An additional 28 aircraft were provided at the same time to replace aircraft donated by the people of Australia to	to	ADP	Great	PROPN	 Great
Local guilds were called nagaram, while the Nanadesis were traders from neighbouring kingdoms who perhaps mixed business with pleasure	pleasure	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The following year, Nichols played a member of a high school debate team in the independent film Debating	Debating	PROPN	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
Some stores and newsstands refused to carry the August issue, while others modestly concealed it in the wrapper evocative	evocative	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Over 100 extras were present. Chaplin ’ s performance in the scene was so humorous that more people arrived	arrived	VERB	daily	ADV	 daily
One role which was not given to a future regular was that of Major Boothroyd, the head of Q	Q	PROPN	Branch	PROPN	 Branch
He was known to have written " I had made it a law to myself that no alcohol should pass	pass	VERB	the	DET	 the
Colonel Sun is the first James Bond continuation novel published after Ian Fleming's 1964 death. Before writing the	the	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
The army's logistics corps is to provide logistic support and conduct direct, indirect, and depot level maintenance	maintenance	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Catesby waited for Percy's return from the north, before making his decision. He thought the letter too	too	ADV	vague	ADJ	 vague
In Pakistani retaliation, 5 terrorists were killed. 22 April 2015 At least 35 militants were killed in aerial	aerial	ADJ	strikes	NOUN	 strikes
The acquisition of TouchWave came at a time when multibillion dollar companies were acquiring other relatively small Internet connected companies	companies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Competitive multiplayer was removed due to its lack of popularity in the previous series entries. In retrospect, Phillips	Phillips	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The V Division included the four König class battleships, and was by this time augmented with Bayern. The	The	DET	VI	PROPN	 VI
Montreal celebrated the 23rd Stanley Cup championship in their franchise history as the fans loudly chanted " thank you Flames	Flames	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The alcohol fueled recording sessions became legendary. Every musician in L.A. wanted to participate, but soon Lennon's	's	PART	drinking	NOUN	 drinking
A 160 foot (49 m) flight deck was built along its roof. Aircraft were flown off and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
This appointment meant that she had to give up the TUC Council chair; her decision to do so,	,	PUNCT	immediately	ADV	 immediately
They orbit each other every 21.7 days with an average separation of about 31 million kilometres, or 19 million	million	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Overall, the storm caused $26.5 million in damages and eight deaths. A tropical wave was first noted	noted	VERB	near	ADP	 near
At the end of the season, coach Henning said that Tolliver was to be the starter heading into next	next	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Distributions are a powerful instrument to solve differential equations. Since all standard analytic notions such as derivatives are linear	linear	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The marines approached the pass between the two hills and took positions in front of the North Korean held high	high	ADJ	ground	NOUN	 ground
Limbang was taken on 18 June, and two days later the two detached companies rejoined the battalion. Subsequently	Subsequently	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The A38 is also still a very important link to Taunton. Wellington is home to a public school,	,	PUNCT	Wellington	PROPN	 Wellington
The barbettes of Furious were designed to accommodate either turret, in case problems arose with the 18 inch gun	gun	NOUN	's	PART	's
The earliest ones such as the Brihadaranyaka and Chandogya Upanishads date to the early centuries of the 1st millennium BCE	BCE	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Ingimundr's rationale for seating himself upon an island on the edge of the kingdom may have been due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
During a fight at the beginning of the 19th century, one of the contestants was so badly injured that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
(The latter came as a particularly harsh blow to the governor, for copies of those papers sent to	to	ADP	St.	PROPN	 St.
News stories detailing similar instances to the plot came out sometime after the episode's broadcast, and the producers	producers	NOUN	believed	VERB	 believed
The kick soared through the uprights, and Clemson narrowed Virginia Tech's lead to 14 – 10 with 5	5	NUM	:	SYM	:
So you see I've got to do something about it and at the same time strengthen the old financial	financial	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
These items had all been sold within 18 months of the abandonment of the campground. The last sign of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
One of the more bizarre software products for the ZX81 came about as a result of music companies attempting to	to	PART	capitalise	VERB	 capitalise
The British Army Remount Service, in an effort to improve the supply of horses for potential military use,	,	PUNCT	provided	VERB	 provided
The 48th Rescue Squadron at Davis Monthan, and the 58th Rescue Squadron at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada	Nevada	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Other peripherals were released to add functionality. The Menacer is a wireless, infrared light gun peripheral used with	with	ADP	compatible	ADJ	 compatible
The planning for Steins; Gate was headed by Chiyomaru Shikura of 5pb. The characters were designed by Ryohei	Ryohei	PROPN	Fuke	PROPN	 Fuke
The 0.7 MP back camera can shoot 720p HD video at 30 frame / s and has a 5 ×	×	PROPN	times	NOUN	 times
Bach would later frequently use the bass as the voice of Christ, in his St Matthew Passion even with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
They do not occur in gallery forests, habitats disturbed by human settlement and swamp forests, but may occasionally	occasionally	ADV	use	VERB	 use
Reviewers of FiringSquad and PC Gamer were equally overwhelmed by the stunning visual effects. Despite filling the screen with	with	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
A serious incident involving hooliganism before, during and after a match against Millwall in 1985 caused the club's	's	PART	then	ADV	 then
On 24 February 2010, Rajab addressed the " World Congress against the Death Penalty " conference in Geneva on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In March 1900 the 12 centimeter chase guns were superseded by two QF 15 centimetre (5.9 in) guns	guns	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Gehrig, Lazzeri, Ruth and Earle Combs led the offense, while Pennock and Urban Shocker led the starting	starting	VERB	rotation	NOUN	 rotation
Eminem admits to lying about promises he makes and says late in the song, " If she ever tries	tries	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, its name derives from the River Sheaf, which runs through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
As there seems no possibility of my remaining many hours in this world, I beg leave to recommend to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hunte recalls, " We were just so happy he wanted to honor our work and our production. Two	Two	NUM	female	ADJ	 female
He is the first Canadian to be awarded this medal. On July 11, 2011, Harper was honoured	honoured	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Hence, Manitoba's government is not completely bilingual. The Manitoba French Language Services Policy of 1999 is intended	intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
He aimed to make Darwin the " main Australian base for war " and a launching point for deployments to	to	ADP	Southeast	PROPN	 Southeast
At his death in 1887, the institution had grown from a student body of 60 pupils in 1874 to	to	ADP	130	NUM	 130
Before the airing of this episode, NBC unveiled its 2010 – 11 primetime schedule in May 2010 with the	the	DET	network	NOUN	 network
In 1994, Jackson said of the media coverage, " I will say I am particularly upset by the	the	DET	handling	NOUN	 handling
She made a return to SmackDown!, singing a parody of Michaels ' theme song with Angle. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Wambach attended Our Lady of Mercy High School in Rochester from 1994 to 1998, where she lettered in soccer	soccer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A five part web series titled Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Double Agent, also sponsored by Lexus, was released	released	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Governor of New Jersey is Chris Christie (R, Mendham Township). The Lieutenant Governor of New	New	PROPN	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
It also serves as the International Federation for nine sports (Paralympic athletics, Paralympic swimming, Paralympic shooting,	,	PUNCT	Paralympic	ADJ	 Paralympic
These economic and cultural differences caused tension between Buenos Aires and the land locked regions of the country. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
When the Congress leadership was released from prison in June 1945, they repudiated the agreement and censured Desai for	for	ADP	acting	VERB	 acting
Included were eight B 17s of the 2d Bombardment Group. All were assigned as the " Blue Force "	"	PUNCT	defending	VERB	 defending
They argued they were best suited for the commerce raiding that had been the forte of the U boats.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Each 12 inch gun was provided with 80 rounds, normally loaded at an elevation of + 5°,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Chancery Lane and Marble Arch stations were also rebuilt to receive escalators in the early 1930s. On 5 November	November	PROPN	1923	NUM	 1923
Somerset were captained for the third successive season by their Australian overseas player, Justin Langer, who announced during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was first broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on October 3, 1999. After the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
While the fantasy land of Narnia is an alternate universe and the Lord of the Rings ' Middle earth a	a	DET	mythic	ADJ	 mythic
Munroe engaged in wrecking in the waters around Key Biscayne, built sailboats, worked as a pilot for the	the	DET	Cape	PROPN	 Cape
They found that a significant psychological and social disadvantage was given to black children from the nature of segregation itself	itself	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
A track from the game is on the limited edition CD Zuntata History L ' ab normal 1st, released	released	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Pembroke lodged his prisoner in Deddington in Oxfordshire. On 10 June, while Pembroke was away, Warwick forcibly	forcibly	ADV	carried	VERB	 carried
Some months after Spath had been cleared, he decided to retire from law enforcement. The incident was an	an	DET	international	ADJ	 international
A plan for 3,000 homes north of the town has been accepted by the British Government after an appeal by	by	ADP	Bee	PROPN	 Bee
The Ottawas were the dominant team for three years: The end of the streak came in March 1906.	.	PUNCT	Ottawa	PROPN	 Ottawa
Dixon goes to journalism class, where he meets Navid Shirazi (Michael Steger), while Annie goes to	to	ADP	her	PRON	 her
His " Forceball " attack creates an energy ball from his hands, while his " Acid Spit " attack	attack	NOUN	produces	VERB	 produces
NGC 3003, a SBbc barred spiral galaxy with an apparent magnitude of 12.3 and an angular size of 5.8	5.8	NUM	arcminutes	NOUN	 arcminutes
The shipping company Fred Olsen suspended services linking the islands of Tenerife and La Palma and La Gomera. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
Access is through a series of steps that depict carvings of dwarfish ganas (with bovine and equine heads)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The city's other main parks are Mapleton Park in the city's north end, Irishtown Nature Park (	(	PUNCT	one	NUM	one
A one day strike and sleep in were planned, but never took place. A peaceful protest, which	which	PRON	attracted	VERB	 attracted
" The brothers shared the same distinctive golden red hair, and the two were so close that they told	told	VERB	a	DET	 a
First class passenger Annie Stengel broke several ribs when an overweight German American doctor and his brother jumped into No	No	PROPN	.	NOUN	.
The player begins the game by selecting their character, which can be a man or a woman, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Several NSAIDs, including diclofenac and ibuprofen have evidence to support their use. Aspirin can relieve moderate to severe	severe	ADJ	migraine	NOUN	 migraine
Asbarez wrote that the transfer was initiated by Armenia's Prime Minister Vazgen Sargsyan. Andranik's body was moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
With the backing of the Domestic of the Schools, Niketas Triphyllios, Aetios accused Staurakios to Irene of planning	planning	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 1927 – 29, Harlow Shapley and Helen Sawyer began categorizing clusters according to the degree of concentration the	the	DET	system	NOUN	 system
They were designed in response to the battleships being built by Germany. Only four hulls of the sixteen originally	originally	ADV	planned	VERB	 planned
It was about 6.5 metres (21.3 ft) long and 465 kilograms (1,025 lb) in weight,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
He scored his first NHL goal and recorded his first assist in his twelfth game on January 17, 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In general, the gameplay was favourably reviewed, with critics praising the solid, enjoyable missions, though there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
' " Dennis Hunt of the Los Angeles Times cited " Git Up, Git Out " as the album	album	NOUN	's	PART	's
During the 2014 offseason, Olshey signed center Chris Kaman and two time former Blazer guard Steve Blake to bolster	bolster	VERB	the	DET	 the
The castle consists of three enclosures separated by dry moats, with a keep in the inner enclosure. Château	Château	PROPN	Gaillard	PROPN	 Gaillard
Robert commissioned significant building work at Jumièges and was probably involved in the first Romanesque building in England, the	the	DET	church	NOUN	 church
At this point, DE 1 becomes concurrent with US 9, and the two routes run through woods before	before	ADP	curving	VERB	 curving
Three Labyrinthodon models were made for Crystal Palace, based on Owen's guess that, being amphibian in lifestyle	lifestyle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Headley's success for Dudley was watched keenly in Jamaica and commentators began to discuss his availability for the 1954	1954	NUM	series	NOUN	 series
As an undergraduate, Spedding took issue with the prevailing explanation by Friedrich August Kekulé of how the six carbon	carbon	NOUN	atoms	NOUN	 atoms
Abdi İpekçi Street in Nişantaşı and Bağdat Avenue on the Anatolian side of the city have evolved into high end	end	NOUN	shopping	NOUN	 shopping
Sagan was first to the summit with Vanmarcke; Cancellara was twelve seconds behind. Cancellara was then caught by	by	ADP	Niki	PROPN	 Niki
On May 12, 2009, Triano was given a three year term for the position of head coach.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The archaeological site of Shikmona is southwest of Bat Galim. Mount Carmel and the Kishon River are also mentioned	mentioned	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Doping problems have also been associated with sprinters such as Tyson Gay, Michael Rogers, and Justin Gatlin,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
He became the first Yorkshire player to achieve the double of 2,000 runs and 100 wickets, a feat previously	previously	ADV	achieved	VERB	 achieved
Some Christians interpret this as a prediction that Jesus Christ, as a descendant of David, was promised by	by	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
We are blowing up everything. Vive la France! " That night the garrison made a breakout attempt,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Around 1160, Chesney became embroiled in a dispute with St Albans Abbey in the diocese of Lincoln, over	over	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Given intelligence that the militia had been stockpiling weapons at Concord, Massachusetts, he ordered a troop of regulars	regulars	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He was in Hawaii awaiting orders as a replacement pilot when the war ended. Williams returned to the States	States	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The great tit was formerly treated as ranging from Britain to Japan and south to the islands of Indonesia,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
He applied. In 2000, the Social Security Administration's Office of Central Operations, Baltimore, Maryland in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
From this A flat major interlude – an evasion of the opening material's harmonic goal, the main generative	generative	ADJ	thematic	ADJ	 thematic
Portland stone, famous for its use in British and world architecture, including St Paul's Cathedral and the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
This was particularly important for the emerging industrial centers, most of which were located in the Rhineland, the	the	DET	Saar	PROPN	 Saar
Alternative credit music replaced the typical drum beats and theme tune at the end of the episode. The 1931	1931	NUM	song	NOUN	 song
Telopea oreades flowers around a month earlier than T. mongaensis in areas where both are present. The Gippsland waratah	waratah	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Providing dental treatment to individuals who use methamphetamine can also be dangerous, because the potential combination of local anesthetic	anesthetic	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He said the writing team felt the television audience was ready for a " trans genre form ", because	because	SCONJ	much	ADJ	 much
For example, Sinuhe is found on five papyri composed during the Twelfth and Thirteenth dynasties. This text was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Architects including Thom Weeks and Jennifer Stanley led renovations of the Stanley into a live theatre. Weeks was initially	initially	ADV	disappointed	VERB	 disappointed
Gregory's philosophical writings were influenced by Origen. Since the mid twentieth century, there has been a significant	significant	ADJ	increase	NOUN	 increase
Camilla Belle as Crystal Falls, Dean's rebellious classmate. Unlike her friends, she feels sympathy for Dean	Dean	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The series was played between October 27 and November 1, with the Royals winning the series 4 games to	to	ADP	1	NUM	 1
The Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) certified " Never Say Never " gold on June 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Moore formally purchased the site in 1826 and named the property Canberry, or Canberra, although he never visited	visited	VERB	it	PRON	 it
There he established the Mutual Newspaper Publishing Company and the weekly Saturday Blade, which catered to a rural audience	audience	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Steam for the engines was provided by 16 Belleville boilers and they were rated at a total of 8,300 metric	metric	ADJ	horsepower	NOUN	 horsepower
After being decommissioned, Fort Manoel was abandoned and fell into a state of disrepair. Parts of it were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
John was in favour of Catholic Emancipation, opposed to slavery, the New Poor Law and the Game Laws	Laws	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It premiered on the Fox network on May 15, 1998. The episode was written by Glen Morgan and	and	CCONJ	James	PROPN	 James
NME magazine's Dan Silver criticized the band's approach, calling it the " sound of a band trying	trying	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
He then entered into a short feud with Batista, defeating him by countout in their second match, but	but	CCONJ	losing	VERB	 losing
Excess floodwater collapsed walls and covered roads with mud that reached as much as 2.3 ft (0.70 m)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Rather than computing or rendering lightmaps during map creation and saving that information in the map data, most light	light	ADJ	sources	NOUN	 sources
However, Zhang Guangda has used excavated texts from Gaochang (Karakhoja or Turfan) to show that the Tang	Tang	PROPN	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
She had 14 foals; collectively, they started 230 times on the racetrack, winning 52 races and earning	earning	VERB	$	SYM	 $
He was called up on 1 October 1906 and joined the 1st Telegraph Battalion. He suffered a minor horse	horse	NOUN	riding	VERB	 riding
Inside the memorabilia community, there was speculation that the card had been cut from a printing sheet during the	the	DET	deal	NOUN	 deal
The airline commenced services to Phuket, Thailand, as well as six secondary cities in mainland China on regular	regular	ADJ	charter	NOUN	 charter
Lindsey Weber from Vulture stated that the clip was concerned with the town only. Jody Rosen from Rolling Stone	Stone	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
This is also consistent with other NCAA institutions (including all other Big Ten Conference teams except for the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He took 1 / 19 from seven overs in an Indian win. In 1996 – 97, Harbhajan was	was	AUX	promoted	VERB	 promoted
The number of sharks per group differs from year to year. Each day, the sharks begin arriving at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
They define the narrative structure as built around a pattern of dialog and description, and various concepts related to	to	ADP	narrative	NOUN	 narrative
Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re election campaign	campaign	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before the current routing was established, FM 1957 was also the designation for a highway in Borden County from	from	ADP	1951	NUM	 1951
In the meantime, tensions escalated into overt war when the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) and various	various	ADJ	Serb	ADJ	 Serb
Its compounds burn with a blue or violet colour. Caesium forms alloys with the other alkali metals, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Bahrain is a generally flat and arid archipelago in the Persian Gulf, east of Saudi Arabia. It consists	consists	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Morris was also a National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) Division I District 7 All ‐ District second	second	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
However, the track was instead used by Madonna for her debut album, which she planned to call Lucky	Lucky	PROPN	Star	PROPN	 Star
This makes a Portia vulnerable to much larger predators such as birds, frogs and mantises, which a Portia	Portia	PROPN	often	ADV	 often
Although he reportedly showed skill, he did not continue the hobby as his mother disapproved. He also showed	showed	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1991, Carolco Pictures extended Golan ’ s option agreement with Marvel through May 1996, but in April	April	PROPN	1992	NUM	 1992
They would be barking up the wrong tree ". This sequence plays an important part in the gospel's	's	PART	literary	ADJ	 literary
Gabriel tells her that if he could just meet with the Emperor, he could inspire him to restore peace	peace	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Located on Dimitrije Demeter Street in Gornji Grad, one of the oldest neighbourhoods of the Croatian capital Zagreb,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In late October 2009, Nomura revealed that he was currently designing the cover art for Birth by Sleep as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
" Sondheim acknowledged that, in adapting a musical to film, the plot has to be kept moving,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition, the huge numbers of newcomers were driving Native Americans out of their traditional hunting, fishing and	and	CCONJ	food	NOUN	 food
In September, the Bolsheviks gained a majority in the workers ' sections of both the Moscow and Petrograd Soviets	Soviets	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Hamilton was invited to become an aide to William Alexander, Lord Stirling and one other general, perhaps Nathanael	Nathanael	PROPN	Greene	PROPN	 Greene
" Beyoncé first performed " Crazy in Love " with Jay Z on August 28, 2003, during the	the	DET	2003	NUM	 2003
Hot Rod is the oldest such magazine, with first editor Wally Parks, and founded by Robert E. Petersen	Petersen	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Figure 6 shows a filter using disc flexural resonators and magnetostrictive transducers. The transducer drives the centre of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Several hours later, Tingting passed through the central Mariana Islands, tracking near the small island of Sarigan,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Cesare lacks any individuality and is simply a tool of his master; Barlow writes that he is so dependent	dependent	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
After the start of the Second World War the family fled Paris; Döblin's manuscripts were able to be	be	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
At the same time the non album single " John, I'm Only Dancing ", and " All	All	DET	the	DET	 the
When Como finally appeared, the director had no idea who he was. At the time Como was signed	signed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Mulligan briefly talked to Fellowes after the lecture and asked him for advice on an acting career. However,	,	PUNCT	Fellowes	PROPN	 Fellowes
Later Platonists, such as Plotinus, maintained that although fire moves naturally upward in a straight line toward its	its	PRON	natural	ADJ	 natural
A stone bridge of 17 arches was certainly constructed in 1685 and this was detailed in profile drawings by Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Rhodes	PROPN	 Rhodes
Ottawa would play the second seeded Montreal Canadiens in the first round of the playoffs, eventually winning in five	five	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
" However, Jethro Tull won the award (recipients included members Ian Anderson, Martin Barre, and Dave	Dave	PROPN	Pegg	PROPN	 Pegg
She was (reportedly) intimately involved with numerous individuals, including Claude Terrail (owner of the Paris restaurant	restaurant	NOUN	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
In the end, by the time the secret of the original mystery was unlocked, the only room one	one	PRON	really	ADV	 really
With Mitch Mitchell on drums and Noel Redding on bass, the band formed around him as The Jimi Hendrix	Hendrix	PROPN	Experience	PROPN	 Experience
The Four Pieces of 1887 are perhaps Rachmaninoff's first comprehensive works. Each has a clear aim and method	method	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The majority in the Uitvoerend Bewind (Gerrit Pijman in particular) therefore amended the project in a sense that	that	PRON	gave	VERB	 gave
Abu Nidal had carried out the operation without the permission of Fatah. Abu Iyad (Arafat's deputy)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
1 John is extensively cited by Tertullian, who died in 215, and Clement of Alexandria, in addition	addition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Over the ensuing two days, Amy moved over several islands in the central Philippines before emerging in the South	South	PROPN	China	PROPN	 China
Another important addition to the genre was Sheridan Le Fanu's lesbian vampire story Carmilla (1871). Like	Like	ADP	Varney	PROPN	 Varney
The two began performing in the 1990s as part of two different bands with Montgomery's brother, John Michael	Michael	PROPN	Montgomery	PROPN	 Montgomery
Mason of Connecticut, Leverett and Atherton of Massachusetts, were the other councilors ". The New England colonies	colonies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The same day, the Lambertseter Line was reopened after it had been upgraded to metro standard. On 16	16	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
The tendril attachment in upper pitchers is normally present at the rear of the pitcher cup. True upper pitchers	pitchers	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Halifax International Airport reported 10.49 in (266 mm) of rainfall over 30 hours. The heavy precipitation throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Due to subsequent vowel loss many Mayan languages now show complex consonant clusters at both ends of syllables. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Immediately before the particles reach their intended destination, a lightning bolt strikes the laboratory and interferes with the accelerator	accelerator	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ship then landed a demolition party, which blew the fort up on 10 November; she then rejoined	rejoined	VERB	the	DET	 the
This same transmission is also utilised by the supercharged TRD variants. These produce 241 kW (323 hp)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Deus Ex features twenty four weapons, ranging from crowbars, electroshock weapons, and riot baton, to laser	laser	NOUN	guided	VERB	 guided
The historic industrial town of Chelsea on the north bank of the River Thames about 3 miles (4.8 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Existing direct to store deliveries from suppliers were replaced by a centralised warehouse capable of receiving merchandise and sorting an	an	DET	estimated	VERB	 estimated
This period also saw the emergence of Reformed Baptists. Reformed Baptist theologians had much in common with the Reformed	Reformed	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cheddar Cricket Club was formed in the late 19th century and moved to Sharpham Road Playing Fields in 1964.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
This Amie was a chamberlain of Edward III's wife, Queen Philippa, and later married John Driby,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Joyas Prestadas is a double album consisted of eleven tracks originally performed by other singers. Rivera recorded these songs	songs	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Recognising her battered state, Bouvet then diverted fire from Nereide to concentrate on Magicienne. Refusing to surrender until	until	SCONJ	all	DET	 all
The uncredited baby who played Baby Adam in that scene was a two week old child who had been born	born	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Three Rivers Stadium had a beverage contract with Coca Cola throughout its history. It was during the Steelers '	'	PART	stay	VERB	 stay
" Edna Gunderson from USA Today called the song " campy ". Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine commented that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In a start against the Brewers on July 28, Hennessey pitched 7 shutout innings, striking out seven and	and	CCONJ	allowing	VERB	 allowing
Though Rutherford survived a motion of non confidence (moved by Ezra Riley and seconded by Boyle) by three	three	NUM	votes	NOUN	 votes
Both of these features are meant to provide as much airflow and sunlight to the pitch as possible. The	The	DET	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
In his autobiography, Darwin wrote that " The old argument of design in nature, as given by Paley	Paley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I remember her teaching us how to count music. She was like, okay, we were like,	,	PUNCT	count	VERB	 count
Her reflective mood continued with the last track " Easy Ride, " which was inspired by the imagery of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Nonetheless, they were virtually all profitable. Hal Wallis, who produced nine of them, declared, "	"	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Anjozorobe is about 450 km (280 mi) from the nearest occurrence of V. gymnocaudus, and most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The operation took place during the final stage of the Balkans Campaign. On September 15, a combined force	force	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Art traditions vary enormously amongst and within these diverse groups. Indigenous art with a focus on portability and the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
" Much has been written about that scene... most of it silly, " wrote Gene Lees in High	High	PROPN	Fidelity	PROPN	 Fidelity
She joined Task Force 76, an amphibious group, in March. In September 1943, Perkins bombarded Lae	Lae	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
According to Jäckel, An Unforgettable Summer has a prophetic role to play within the Balkan context, one she	she	PRON	equates	VERB	 equates
He praised Jenkins ' debut and Smith, whom he described as " a force of nature unleashed on screen	screen	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In Europe, it is considered a threatened species in 14 countries. Although several taxa have been described as	as	ADP	Sarcosphaera	PROPN	 Sarcosphaera
One of the most vocal of these critics was James Beck, of ArtWatch International, who issued repeated warnings	warnings	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Duperré was initially unsuccessful, but after sailing to Madagascar for a brief refit he encountered and defeated a convoy	convoy	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The volcano has also caused such thermal events such as hot springs. There were three hot springs on the	the	DET	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
The dissident Club of the Crooked Circle, a discussion group considered a precursor of the KOR, survived until	until	ADP	1962	NUM	 1962
With the peace talks in Panmunjom reaching a conclusion, the Chinese had been eager to gain a last minute	minute	NOUN	victory	NOUN	 victory
It was again abolished by Governor Josias Fendall in 1660, who sought to create a colonial government based on	on	ADP	an	DET	 an
Three salvos were fired upon the city by 87 artillery pieces and 6,000 muskets and arquebuses. The North American	American	ADJ	historian	NOUN	 historian
Put the mutton the gravie and these thinges together and boyle yt between two dishes, wringe the juice of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Although Clouzot's reputation had grown internationally, he lost notability in French cinema due to rise of the French	French	PROPN	New	PROPN	 New
The reduction from two lanes to one lane heading southbound just after a curve has been blamed for at least	least	ADJ	some	PRON	 some
She will portray Mowgli's adoptive mother in the film. Before beginning her film career, Pinto was engaged	engaged	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Aquatic wildlife, such as species of sea turtle, shark, seal, whale, and dolphin, are	are	AUX	common	ADJ	 common
All intersections with the freeway are via grade separated interchanges. The speed limit is 100 kilometres per hour (	(	PUNCT	60	NUM	60
If the church from the marginal note is equated with the Round Church, then it can be conclusively dated	dated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Disney also released a browser based Flash based version of the Fix It Felix, Jr. game as well as	as	ADP	iOS	NUM	 iOS
César is the proud patriarch of a dying family, and his only known relative is his nephew Ugolin.	.	PUNCT	Eager	ADJ	 Eager
Grim Fandango's development was led by project leader Tim Schafer, co designer of Day of the Tentacle and	and	CCONJ	creator	NOUN	 creator
Formal defense in the conspiracy case began on June 17, 2010, and concluded without any of the defendants	defendants	NOUN	testifying	VERB	 testifying
The plan, known as the " two field system, " was a major source of enrichment for the	the	DET	local	ADJ	 local
The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé's second solo album B ' Day were inspired by her role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The authors suggested that hot weather dried up the small rivers where the parents found food. Colony size did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
In Mortal Kombat 3, his hair was considerably longer, with the only alteration to his outfit being thin	thin	ADJ	black	ADJ	 black
The main object was to explore the " area of a million or so square miles that is represented by	by	ADP	white	ADJ	 white
" The Ancient Greek tradition associates the birth of art with a Corinthian maiden who longing to preserve her lover	lover	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
However, the designation of five Dukes as " elder " shows that the process of unification was still in	in	ADP	transition	NOUN	 transition
Marc Hogan of Spin opined that " Pretty Hurts " resembled a speech accompanied by music and felt that it	it	PRON	served	VERB	 served
Following the song's debut during the Olympics, 246 radio stations sampled the song in the United States.	.	PUNCT	Radio	NOUN	 Radio
Peter contacts the authorities to bring medical help for Olivia. As they are waiting, Peter admits to Olivia	Olivia	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
Most cases of Parkinson's disease, however, are idiopathic, meaning that the cause of cell death can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
Nation members silently left, after which the rest of the crowd also dispersed. One police officer told the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The disease is now usually referred to as Munchausen syndrome. The name has spawned two other coinages: Munchausen	Munchausen	VERB	syndrome	NOUN	 syndrome
The following year the band contributed to a Living Sacrifice tribute album with a cover of that band's song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It aired on April 11, 2007, making it the 65th episode of the series. The episode was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Later, some Muslim scholars, such as Amer al Basri and Abu Hanifa, led movements of boycotting the	the	DET	rulers	NOUN	 rulers
The 7th and 10th infantry divisions were engaged near Neisse and the 5th Infantry Division and the 16th Tank Brigade	Brigade	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
" Utterances intended for public dissemination deemed hateful based on ' race, colour, national or ethnic origin,	,	PUNCT	belief	NOUN	 belief
She was the wife of Malcolm X. Shabazz grew up in Detroit, Michigan, where her foster parents largely	largely	ADV	sheltered	VERB	 sheltered
The Big Bang theory is the most widely accepted scientific theory to explain the early stages in the evolution of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She especially praised the chemistry between Smith and Coleman. Ben Lawrence, writing in The Daily Telegraph, gave	gave	VERB	the	DET	 the
It may be the heaviest species of iguana and most massive lizard in the Western Hemisphere. Its body length	length	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Arran's resident population was 4,629 in 2011, a decline of just over 8% from the figure of	of	ADP	5,045	NUM	 5,045
Jessica Sager, music reviewer, of Pop Crush thought the track was pleasant as " a woeful ballad "	"	PUNCT	giving	VERB	 giving
Stars are used to unlock the next chapter of levels. The game launched with five different chapters, one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Carter met the then president of NBC, Brandon Tartikoff, at a company softball game in Brentwood, California	California	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Most of the faulting is " blind " (not reaching the surface), and generally difficult to locate	locate	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
In addition, 1,110,000 cu yd (850,000 m3) were used in the power plant and other works.	.	PUNCT	More	ADJ	 More
Haridimou states the song " drives remorse into the cold hearts of those involved. It ’ s a severe	severe	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Forster left Oswegatchie on May 12 with about 40 regular troops, 10 British and French speaking Canadien militia,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Done Somebody Wrong " follows, and is introduced by Duane as " an old Elmore James song...	...	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Peter alerts the family that he has been selected for jury duty, which he believes is an exclusive experience	experience	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A landing party comprising Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner), Doctor Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
This was referred to as raising the " participation age " to distinguish it from the school leaving age which	which	PRON	remains	VERB	 remains
On the following day, the 3rd Battalion, 506th Infantry (on loan from the U.S. 101st Airborne Division	Division	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The film was the 29th highest grossing 2004 film domestically and is the sixth highest grossing animated TV adaptation of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
The company also advertised and released a special three issue series through mail offers with over 8 million boxes of	of	ADP	Honey	PROPN	 Honey
Set to begin his rookie campaign with the Giants the following season, Kane experienced a minor setback, as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Timothy Zahn will release an unnamed Starcraft novel in 2016. In addition to these, Blizzard Entertainment authorized two	two	NUM	short	ADJ	 short
On 19 June 2009, the battalion was renamed the 2nd Commando Regiment. Regardless, the name 4 RAR	RAR	NOUN	remains	VERB	 remains
On October 15, 2009, images of the video were released. A countdown, including images and video	video	NOUN	previews	NOUN	 previews
Before the book concludes, Gladwell writes about the unique roots of his Jamaican mother, Joyce, a descendant	descendant	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
New professor Dolores Umbridge, though she teaches in a classroom that has appeared in films two through four,	,	PUNCT	inhabits	VERB	 inhabits
Gruening, in particular, believed that the dam would have an effect similar to that of the Tennessee Valley	Valley	PROPN	Authority	PROPN	 Authority
On August 4, 1934, President Franklin D. Roosevelt visited the construction site and was impressed by the project	project	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
By 1938, the Engineering Experiment Station was producing useful technology, and the station needed a method to conduct	conduct	VERB	contract	NOUN	 contract
He has also written an autobiographical fitness book entitled Train Like an Action Hero: Be Fit Forever being published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The first football match at Turf Moor took place on 17 February 1883, when Burnley were defeated 3 –	–	PUNCT	6	NUM	 6
The episode would later be repeated on BBC One the next week on 17 November 2008 during the 9 pm	pm	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Virgin's " serpentine " pose, with attendant angels supporting her, adds to the sense of flow	flow	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The breeder eventually agreed, on condition Misty remained on the Beebe Ranch until she was weaned, and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Lupin persuades his father, and Gowing and Cummings, to invest small sums in Parachikka Chlorates, the source	source	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It has seven to eight dry months each year with an annual average rainfall of about 500 millimetres (20	20	NUM	in	ADP	 in
At 2200 (UTC) on July 10, all tropical cyclone advisories were discontinued as the hurricane progressed inland	inland	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
One of these seven supporters, Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper, acquired the entire area in 1681;	;	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
He debuted on screen during the episode airing on 30 November 2007. Ryley Mickle and Jackson Edwards played Miles	Miles	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Bushrod, Rolle, Alshon Jeffery, Eddie Royal, David Fales, guard Patrick Omameh and defensive end Will	Will	AUX	Sutton	PROPN	 Sutton
After reading the audition material and learning more about the project, Luke became interested in auditioning. He reflected	reflected	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The notion of her running for Irish president came up again in 2008 in conjunction with the 2011 election;	;	PUNCT	columnist	NOUN	 columnist
After the first round of matches were all lost to rain, Taylor struck the highest score of the tournament	tournament	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The track features rappers Jay Z, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj, and singer Justin Vernon of indie folk	folk	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
Local television programmes united Uyghur and Han singers in a chorus of " We are all part of the same	same	ADJ	family	NOUN	 family
Amenemhat IV is responsible for the completion of a shrine at the temple of Hathor in the Sinai and may	may	AUX	also	ADV	 also
238 92U + 22 10Ne → 260 102No * → 254 102No + 6 1 0n In 1969, the	the	DET	Dubna	PROPN	 Dubna
He went to Bollington Cross Primary School, and was offered a scholarship to Manchester Grammar School, which his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
Concentrating the company on consumer food, in 1994 he sold the Alpo pet food business to Nestlé for $	$	SYM	510	NUM	510
Lawton received Geronimo and agreed to allow the Apaches to retain their weapons for defense against nearby Mexican troops.	.	PUNCT	Lawton	PROPN	 Lawton
Born in Glasgow, he was one of six children, and worked as a clerk while playing youth football	football	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" " [Is] the summer movie season... expanding out from its traditional boundaries? " Jordan Smith	Smith	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
News of the act's passage propelled one of the most vocal opponents of Parliamentary supremacy, Samuel Adams,	,	PUNCT	into	ADP	 into
By 1952, the farm had become a burden to Olga and her husband. They were both elderly;	;	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
The mysterious Nurse Owens visits Scully at her bedside, trying to reach her in her coma. Later Mulder	Mulder	PROPN	visits	VERB	 visits
In 2004, Art Malik won the " Best TV Actor " award for his role as anaesthetist Zubin Khan	Khan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In its original American broadcast on March 31, 2010, " Medicinal Fried Chicken " was watched by 2.99	2.99	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Such were the numbers of K ' iche ' dead that Olintepeque was given the name Xequiquel, roughly meaning	meaning	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Grasshoppers also visit the flower heads. The caterpillars of Tebenna micalis have been recorded on this species, as	as	SCONJ	have	VERB	 have
This benign neglect is surprising because as recently as 1825, in the case of Rex v. Billingham, Savage	Savage	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Indeed, Christopher Carey points out that one of the sons, at least, was probably a legitimate son	son	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Triplets ' legacy was retired, and the Stars were established as an entirely new franchise. The Sounds	Sounds	PROPN	entered	VERB	 entered
In Merthyr Tydfil he spent three days in the town where he did research and met locals. He then	then	ADV	performs	VERB	 performs
The destruction of the Reliant's engine nacelle was created by superimposing shots of the engine blowing apart and explosions	explosions	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
She wrote a total of fifty columns for the newspaper. She said after her first year of writing:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2012, Dominican musician Karlos Rosé covered the song in bachata as his debut single which peaked at number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
... As a general thing, I disapprove of the agonies of film mortality and its frequent projection of cemetery	cemetery	NOUN	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
The Raleigh Durham market had the largest TV audience with more than 51% of households tuned into the day	day	NOUN	's	PART	's
He highlighted various examples — such as the light emanating behind the door in the beginning of the episode,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
When U 5 surfaced just offshore, Nereide's commanding officer, Capitano di Corvetta Carlo del Greco, cast	cast	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Ruisdael died in Amsterdam on 10 March 1682. He was buried 14 March 1682 in Saint Bavo's Church	Church	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In a biographical sketch written in 2004, the historian Jeffrey Richards characterises Reed's work as a mixing	mixing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
More than 80% of all cases of HHT are due to mutations in either ENG or ACVRL1. A	A	DET	total	NOUN	 total
These included Long John Baldry, Rod Stewart and Elton John. After the dissolution of Blues Incorporated in 1962	1962	NUM	Long	PROPN	 Long
To meet this requirement, a series of documents were written from the perspective of the Soviet Minister of Defense	Defense	PROPN	General	PROPN	 General
The first Navigation Act, which forbade the import of goods unless they were transported either in English vessels or	or	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
" Her statement is a reference to actor Bill Paxton who appeared in the 1996 movie Twister, and currently	currently	ADV	stars	VERB	 stars
With the Russians making an offensive comeback, Nansouty placed himself at the head of the heavy divisions of Saint	Saint	PROPN	Germain	PROPN	 Germain
Campbell followed a professional approach to media relations to ensure that a clear message was presented, and the party	party	NOUN	planned	VERB	 planned
Workers were most likely solitary foragers, foraging on the ground or onto low vegetation and trees while preying on	on	ADP	arthropods	NOUN	 arthropods
In his first film, the Paramount Applause (1929), Rouben Mamoulian created the illusion of acoustic depth	depth	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The dream of cornering Nasser's pan Arab project was over; instead, it was Nasser and the Nasserists	Nasserists	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
This command conflict came to a ceremonial head when Clark was not initially invited to a summit in Washington,	,	PUNCT	D.C.	PROPN	 D.C.
Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005. The	The	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
However, the leaders of Japan's Army General Staff showed scant interest in his plan to create a new	new	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
Rockwell described Gillis as " an inoffensive, ordinary little guy thrown into the chaos of war. " The	The	DET	public	NOUN	 public
There, Kain and Cecil watch in horror as monsters burst forth from inside the ring and lay waste to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The task force then moved on Eretria, which it besieged and destroyed. Finally, it moved to attack	attack	VERB	Athens	PROPN	 Athens
In addition to the numerous " specific " count classifiers described above, Chinese has a " general " classifier	classifier	NOUN	个	PROPN	 个
The ships were designed with a single hangar 124 m (406 ft 10 in) long and 18 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The British approached in line abreast, with Bellerophon at the end of the line. As they approached,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1997, UBS entered into a financing arrangement with LTCM and the hedge fund quickly became the bank's	's	PART	largest	ADJ	 largest
DNeg TV also worked on Howard Stark's Hover car, using the original computer asset for the version seen	seen	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Americans believed that one of two events had occurred – either Kiska had been evacuated, or the Japanese	Japanese	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
He is predominantly a left footed player. During a match he will often drift to the left wing,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Writing for AllMusic, Craig Harris stated that Darkwoods My Betrothed " combine songs about ancestors and Norse gods with	with	ADP	electrifying	NOUN	 electrifying
Robertson and the other officers of Melbourne were absolved of blame for the incident. Melbourne spent ten weeks at	at	ADP	Cockatoo	PROPN	 Cockatoo
Although news accounts do not report when it occurred, Tubantia was released from Plymouth and allowed to resume her	her	PRON	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
The W lettered flag is raised on the left field side of the board, above the blue light that	that	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Here, she would be ready to attack Allied merchant traffic in the event of a general war following the	the	DET	attack	NOUN	 attack
By this time, however, the shortage of carrier qualified aircrew was such that they were ordered to operate	operate	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The defeats in 2000 are believed to have been the cause of President Kabila's assassination in January 2001.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Referred to as " le Concombre de Chicoutimi " (the " Chicoutimi Cucumber ") for his cool demeanour	demeanour	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" From 1979, keg Stones began to be promoted heavily nationwide, and the beer was introduced to the	the	DET	South	PROPN	 South
However, it was a lesser total taking. In France, Somewhere earned 401 511 EUR in the three	three	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Cowell later commented that their performance convinced him that they " were confident, fun, like a gang of	of	ADP	friends	NOUN	 friends
The Commemoration of the Edict of Milan was held in Niš in 2013. During his life and those of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
John Masefield also refers to a " jostling in the Strand " in his poem " On Growing Old "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Seven laps later, Biffle passed Kenseth for the lead, while Jeff Gordon passed Reuitmann for fourth thirteen laps	laps	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
MSU football teams won the Rose Bowl in 1954, 1956, 1988, and 2014. They won national	national	ADJ	championships	NOUN	 championships
" This, coupled with the realization that he was more interested in writing than art, led Lethem to	to	PART	drop	VERB	 drop
Desiring to enforce the Confederate Conscription Act to boost recruitment, Bragg decided to install the provisional government in the	the	DET	recently	ADV	 recently
The inquest did not blame anyone directly for the accident, but the jury returned 24 recommendations. Kelly Lamrock	Lamrock	PROPN	stated	VERB	 stated
Susann said Aubrey, her neighbor, was " one of those people who are born to run the works	works	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" He later remarked that " no news picture in history has generated so much emotion around the world as	as	ADP	that	DET	 that
Nagato remained at Lingga until 11 May when she was transferred to Tawitawi on 12 May, and assigned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The soldiers commanded by Barrios Leal conquered a number of Ch ' ol communities. The most important of these	these	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On June 7, a private memorial service was held at Wait Chapel on the campus of Wake Forest University	University	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
His final version was completed in 1912 and his patent issued on June 20. He applied for another patent	patent	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It had three separate access gates: the Land Gate (now the Landport Gate), the Sea Gate	Gate	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Niagara Suspension Bridge project was in hiatus for three years before the bridge companies engaged another renowned civil engineer	engineer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In August 2011, Beyoncé performed " ' 03 Bonnie & Clyde " again during her revue 4 Intimate Nights	Nights	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Although she was only in EastEnders for 18 months, such was the centrality of Chrissie to the show and	and	CCONJ	storylines	VERB	 storylines
However, not all the surrounding land was returned to the family until 1542. Possession of Bodiam Castle passed	passed	VERB	through	ADP	 through
The term " Byzantine " has been adopted by Western scholarship on the assumption that anything Roman is essentially "	"	PUNCT	Western	ADJ	 Western
It twice reached 809 km / h (503 mph) at about 7,000 m (22,966 ft) during	during	ADP	these	DET	 these
Following the 1660 restoration of Charles II to the throne of England, colonial authorities again became concerned about preserving	preserving	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Possibly the most egregious occurred 1 April 1944 when 50 B 24 Liberators of the U.S. 14th Combat Bomb Wing	Wing	PROPN	bombed	VERB	 bombed
It was written by regular writer and recurring voice actor Danny Smith, in his first episode of the season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To the west and south, evidence of the extent of West Saxon influence is provided by the fact that	that	SCONJ	Cenwalh	PROPN	 Cenwalh
Sal Cinquemani noted her popularity had eclipsed Michael Jackson's, " as she would continue to do for more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
However, in 1951, the school suspended its football program because of the increasing cost of the game financially	financially	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
" To the Last Man " was first broadcast on BBC Two on 30 January 2008 at 9: 00	00	NUM	pm	NOUN	 pm
Weber commanded widespread respect but relatively little influence. Weber's role in German politics remains controversial to this day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was possibly at this point that a shelf or inner cover was inserted some way under the lid of	of	ADP	Cuthbert	PROPN	 Cuthbert
All signs in the building are written in both French and English. Students begin French instruction in junior kindergarten	kindergarten	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The United States and Australia " Limited Edition " contained several physical items like a cloth map depicting the Sword	Sword	PROPN	Coast	PROPN	 Coast
At the beginning of the poem Helgakviða Hundingsbana II, a prose narrative says that King Sigmund (son of	of	ADP	Völsung	PROPN	 Völsung
On August 22 the British landed on the shores of Gravesend Bay in southwest Kings County, across the Narrows	Narrows	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Five of the songs, " Back to Tennessee ", " Butterfly Fly Away ", " Don't	n't	PART	Walk	VERB	 Walk
During the 18 minute long rendition of " Sympathy for the Devil ", a number of Ginger Johnson's	's	PART	African	ADJ	 African
The intercepts were as a rule decrypted the same day, or at latest the next day, and were	were	AUX	immediately	ADV	 immediately
He needed spectacles for writing and painting, and his hands trembled slightly. In 1898, together with his	his	PRON	aging	VERB	 aging
It also included the landmark Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), which contains a broad array of measures	measures	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This gave Duyệt control over the vast economic resources in the fertile agricultural and lumber rich region and most importantly	importantly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Recording felt unnatural in the studio, with the band having over rehearsed the material. Seeking a change of	of	ADP	scenery	NOUN	 scenery
But the post martial law general public showed signs of tiredness and disappointment, as it had become apparent that	that	SCONJ	Solidarity	PROPN	 Solidarity
The voyage lasted a month, with the troops arriving in Sydney on 27 February. Converted to the jungle	jungle	NOUN	divisional	ADJ	 divisional
Having made his highest score, and hit five centuries in first class cricket, his batting average was almost	almost	ADV	60	NUM	 60
He opened his camp on 11 April 1936 (Easter Even). It was officially opened by Amy Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Additionally, men's high hurdles are at height of 42 inches compared to women's hurdles which are 33	33	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
In the legislature, Conservative leader David Duggan called for Aberhart's resignation; in a move that Brennan reports	reports	NOUN	shocked	VERB	 shocked
On August 10, 2006, the lawsuits against the telecommunications companies were transferred to a federal judge in San	San	PROPN	Francisco	PROPN	 Francisco
In November 1978, after Amin's vice president, General Mustafa Adrisi, was injured in a car accident	accident	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For animating things like hair, the animators created a secondary animation code, known as Dynamic Simulation, which	which	PRON	allows	VERB	 allows
The video opens with Spears and her friends in a hotel room, where a tabloid reporter on television criticizes	criticizes	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Following the passage of a $25 million state tax credit proposal, the Chiefs moved their training camp to	to	ADP	Missouri	PROPN	 Missouri
In the case of mental states, this means that there needs to be an explanation of why they have	have	AUX	the	DET	 the
Stevie is one of four main characters from series two of EastEnders: E20, created by its team of	of	ADP	thirteen	NUM	 thirteen
Another battleship, King George V or Renown, turned away damaged. Two heavy cruisers maintain contact. "	"	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The four battleships of the Ersatz Monarch class would have been equipped with four shaft steam turbines that produced 31,000	31,000	NUM	shaft	NOUN	 shaft
The military police have also been responsible for presidential security since February 2007. In 2010 the United States Embassy	Embassy	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
After the war ended, the Falklands economy was affected by declining wool prices and the political uncertainty resulting from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In response, on March 3, 1801, Congress changed the designation of officials required to attend to "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Together the works of these great classical sociologists suggest what Giddens has recently described as ' a multidimensional view of	of	ADP	institutions	NOUN	 institutions
One effect of the tithe was to transfer a considerable amount of agriculture wealth into the cities, where it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He is notable for his expertise and proficiency in the instruction of military drill. During the Battle of Gettysburg	Gettysburg	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The race was umpired by Joseph William Chitty who had rowed for Oxford twice in 1849 (in the March	March	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Some of the studio's most impressive releases were foreign productions. In 1927, FBO picked up for U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	distribution	NOUN	 distribution
In the Northern Hemisphere, as adults, males averaged 24 m (79 ft) and females 25 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
She is one of the important deity in kalikula. Two major centers of Shaktism in West Bengal are Kalighat	Kalighat	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
However, early on February 23, the JTWC began issuing advisories on Hondo as they estimated winds to have	have	AUX	reached	VERB	 reached
After a year, the coach was so impressed with Nowitzki's progress that he advised him: " You	You	PRON	must	AUX	 must
In this Pittsfield, Massachusetts house, Melville wrote some of his major work: the novels Moby Dick,	,	PUNCT	Pierre	PROPN	 Pierre
Critics, including Liberal MLA Laurie Blakeman and the Canadian Taxpayers Federation, charged that the government was not saving	saving	VERB	enough	ADJ	 enough
This is the best known species of Stegosaurus, mainly because its remains include at least one complete articulated skeleton	skeleton	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Founded in 1999, the MGC is composed of 9 total single sex and coeducational organizations. Each of these	these	DET	organizations	NOUN	 organizations
It houses 1.6 million volumes, provides access to approximately 28,000 electronic journal subscriptions, and owns over 20,000 electronic	electronic	ADJ	books	NOUN	 books
All the dead were aged between 19 and 33, and the event created something of a sensation at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
They remained on the island for five days until two Chilean warships brought a German passenger ship to take the	the	DET	men	NOUN	 men
After several years of narrowly avoiding the drop, Villa were relegated at the end of the 2015 – 16	16	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
In the second, the team of B.G. James and Cassidy Reilly fought the team of Ron Killings and Sonjay	Sonjay	PROPN	Dutt	PROPN	 Dutt
Hospice volunteers also provide administrative assistance to hospices. The majority of discharges from hospice are due to the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Robbed at knife point, they relinquished the demos, only recovering the songs through memory. Paul McCartney later	later	ADV	remarked	VERB	 remarked
In 2009, the show was the most watched scripted series among children and the second most watched scripted series	series	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
Guest appearances were made by James Earl Jones, Jeffrey Wright, Lynne Thigpen and Mekhi Phifer. The three	three	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Injuries of the trachea cause about 1% of traffic related deaths. Other potential causes are falls from high	high	ADJ	places	NOUN	 places
The state highway passes the historic home Glamorgan and Edgewood Drive, part of the old alignment of MD 38	38	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Major customers for the 757 included U.S. mainline carriers, European charter airlines, and cargo companies. The airliner	airliner	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
In 1996, Winslet starred in both Jude and Hamlet. In Michael Winterbottom's Jude, based on the	the	DET	Victorian	ADJ	 Victorian
During the hot midday, they rest or groom themselves in the shade of bushes and grasses. Servals remain	remain	VERB	cautious	ADJ	 cautious
The station also used an old boxcar as a tool shed for maintenance. By the early 1970s, the	the	DET	station	NOUN	 station
In the late 1950s the author Geoffrey Jenkins had suggested to Fleming that he write a Bond novel set in	in	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
She was the second battleship built domestically in Japan and the first to use steam turbines for propulsation. The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
The fire engulfed most of the island, burning west to east. The eastern buildings were only saved by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
This anomaly of ZnO is not fully explained. ZnO is a relatively soft material with approximate hardness of 4.5	4.5	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Alongside his affiliation with the Bund, List was also a member of the Deutscher Turnverein (Germanic Gymnastic League	League	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
When the trial finally began on 10 July 1826, Merilhou was present not as MacGregor's defence counsel but	but	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
In late 2006, India's ODI team began to hit rocky waters. After losing a bilateral series in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Violet's long hair, which was extremely difficult to animate, was only successfully animated toward the end of	of	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
The Outlaw Star Complete Collection was the 21st best selling anime DVD in the United States in 2006 and the	the	DET	25th	NOUN	 25th
When he died he was its longest serving fellow. Samuel Walter Johnson Smith's imminent mandatory retirement at age	age	NOUN	65	NUM	 65
The Bahmani Sultanate, a contemporary of the Vijayanagara Empire, was founded in 1347 by Alla ud din Hasan	Hasan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Carter commented that they chose it because it had " an interesting observation space above it that we used "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The SSSI is designated as a Special Protection Area for birds for its variety of coastal habitats. The large	large	ADJ	breeding	NOUN	 breeding
In September 1911, the American Hawaiian Steamship Company placed an order with the Maryland Steel Company of Sparrows Point	Point	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The band did not want the album to be released outside Japan and wanted full rights to the tapes,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
By 1967, the population had grown to about six times its 1948 size. In 1997, 51.8%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The British official historian claims " more than half the dismounted troops in the town were captured or killed,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Letters and testimonials poured in from other scientists with whom Beebe had worked, attesting to their admiration of him	him	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
The state highway then begins a steep descent from a high bluff to the Susquehanna River, with the southbound	southbound	ADJ	direction	NOUN	 direction
He played a decisive role in the Primera Junta, the first national government of Argentina, created after the	the	DET	May	PROPN	 May
Captain James Martin and his crew were praised for their gallantry in getting everyone off the ship, and absolved	absolved	VERB	of	ADP	 of
It has also been suggested that the ancestors of Deckenia and Seychellum lived on a landmass comprising Seychelles and the	the	DET	African	ADJ	 African
That approach was already old, and it was used to legislate in both districts, but in this context	context	NOUN	Castelli	PROPN	 Castelli
He served with distinction in the Army for four decades, including service in the Mexican American War and as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
But the group that had been exposed to passive smoking at home appeared to bear the entire risk increase,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Odero et al. argue that this shows a need to improve emergency medical care. Emergency medical care applies	applies	VERB	to	ADP	 to
If successful, inoculation produced lasting immunity to smallpox. However, because the person was infected with variola virus	virus	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
But then, national tragedy struck as Martin Luther King was assassinated on April 4, 1968. With eight	eight	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Despite its success, Naxos was not immune to class tensions and internal strife, and shortly before 500 BC	BC	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He told her that he would be in touch later that day, but declined to speak with the police	police	NOUN	constable	NOUN	 constable
Paleontologists Gregory Paul and Per Christiansen of the Zoological Museum of the University of Copenhagen in Denmark proposed that large	large	ADJ	ceratopsians	NOUN	 ceratopsians
Here I Stand also debuted atop the Canadian Albums Chart, and spent eight weeks on the chart. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
The degree of sequence similarity between homologous genes is called conserved sequence. Most changes to a gene's sequence	sequence	NOUN	do	AUX	 do
From 26 October 1930, Tintin in the Land of the Soviets was syndicated to French Catholic magazine Cœurs Vaillants	Vaillants	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
During the 1975 season, he suffered a knee injury during mini camp in May that required surgery, a	a	DET	dislocated	ADJ	 dislocated
While Almirante Latorre was individually more powerful than the Brazilian or Argentine dreadnoughts, they had two each to Chile	Chile	PROPN	's	PART	's
It is served by the District, Circle and Piccadilly lines. On the District and Circle lines, the	the	DET	station	NOUN	 station
Couture described his character as " the glue that holds all of these dysfunctional guys together ". Liam Hemsworth	Hemsworth	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Spencer was tense and unbending, could not, or would not, take direction ". Tracy considered leaving	leaving	VERB	the	DET	 the
He did not agree with this strategy, maintaining until his death that the force should have gone on an	an	DET	offensive	NOUN	 offensive
While the CPC claims that China is in the primary stage of socialism, party theorists argue that the current	current	ADJ	development	NOUN	 development
From here, the turnpike would bypass Middletown, Clayton, Smyrna, and Dover to the west before coming	coming	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The band has also been credited for inspiring the indie rock scene of 90s era urban Pakistan, that has	has	AUX	since	ADV	 since
As of 2016, a Vassar – Cornell University program is monitoring the water quality of the Fonteynkill. The	The	DET	Fonteynkill	PROPN	 Fonteynkill
Kingfisher Airlines suspended operations on 20 October 2012 and finally ceased operations in February 2013. On 26 July 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Thus Wintjiya is the element of the artist's name that is specifically hers. She is sometimes referred to	to	ADP	as	ADP	 as
In the old economy, energy was produced by burning something — oil, coal, or natural gas —	—	PUNCT	leading	VERB	 leading
He noted that his standard character was a " jerky guy ", and described his usual roles as "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Spathulatae. Four varieties are currently recognised: B. spinulosa var. spinulosa The nominate race is an autonym,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Following the completion of the rugby league domestic season, Tomkins was included in a pre Four Nations test against	against	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
The Jarrar clan did not inhabit, but administrated Tubas, as it was located within the nahiya ("	"	PUNCT	subdistrict	NOUN	 subdistrict
For all archery events at the Olympics, archers stand 70 metres from their target. The target consists of	of	ADP	concentric	ADJ	 concentric
At night, the markings were illuminated by a combination of internal and external lights. Data on the ship	ship	NOUN	's	PART	's
Later that day, a hurricane watch was issued for the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument for areas between the French	French	ADJ	Frigate	PROPN	 Frigate
Although he was mocked by other kids due to his partly Iraqi accent, al Jamri said he was very	very	ADV	happy	ADJ	 happy
In between stages, the player is shown videos of an American man drinking Pepsi and eating chips and pizza	pizza	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
As Reynolds explains, " Hemingway could not really tell his parents what he thought when he saw his bloody	bloody	ADJ	knee	NOUN	 knee
South of Cox Bay is the larger Keller Bay extension, which extends the bay to its easternmost point near	near	ADP	Olivia	PROPN	 Olivia
The material damage by the bomb raids was slight as Finland did not offer many valuable targets for strategic bombing	bombing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When the United States Numbered Highway System was created on November 11, 1926, the southern section between the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
" It took a month for the project to be completely storyboarded before any programming work started on it.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
On 27 June, the 8th Infantry Brigade (1st Suffolk Regiment, 2nd East Yorkshire Regiment, 1st South	South	PROPN	Lancashire	PROPN	 Lancashire
He also continued to receive advice from Balakirev. At 16, he completed his First Symphony, which was	was	AUX	successfully	ADV	 successfully
Most early television licenses were granted to established radio broadcasters, and many longtime relationships with radio networks carried over	over	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The ships ' main armament was composed of eight 340 mm / 45 Modèle 1912 guns in two quadruple turrets	turrets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" When I Look at You " is a power ballad that transitions in instrumentation, from piano to electric	electric	ADJ	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
The 34th Infantry Regiment began to set up a new line south of Chonan by nightfall, even though many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The Chacals were regarded as obsolete by 1935 and Lynx became a training ship for the torpedo school at Toulon	Toulon	PROPN	that	DET	 that
He surprises Erin by popping out of a delivery box and singing Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours	Yours	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Adding to Sparrow's woes, Lord Cutler Beckett (Tom Hollander) of the East India Trading Company has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
Newcastle conceded a further three times away to Barcelona, beat Bayer Leverkusen at home and in Germany (with	with	ADP	Given	VERB	 Given
Its creations have been awarded numerous prizes and distinctions, including two Gemini Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award for	for	ADP	Cirque	PROPN	 Cirque
Finally, in 1920, following lobbying by British cleric David Railton, Britain and France both decided to create	create	VERB	a	DET	 a
Unlike some soccer leagues around the world, but similar to other leagues in the Americas, the MLS regular	regular	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
During the recording of The Beatles that same year, tensions within the group ran high, and drummer Ringo	Ringo	PROPN	Starr	PROPN	 Starr
I am a great fan of June Brown's [who plays Dot Branning] and am looking forward to	to	ADP	sharing	VERB	 sharing
Friedrich der Grosse again saw service in the II Division in the winter of 1891 – 1892 and the 1892	1892	NUM	maneuvers	NOUN	 maneuvers
The keeper's cottage includes an open verandah on three sides, with cast iron posts and curved timber beams	beams	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This involved a new staircase, the installation of electric lighting, a new fire curtain and hot water radiators	radiators	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
In addition, several reviewers have noted parallels between this album and Byrne's Big Love: Hymnal, particularly	particularly	ADV	their	PRON	 their
The game features a variety of quests that the player must complete in order to progress. These quests usually	usually	ADV	involve	VERB	 involve
Cofresí attacked with other members of his gang and that of another pirate, Manuel Lamparo, who was connected	connected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
West Gate's engines were shut down while American backed out of the tangle. West Gate quickly began to	to	PART	settle	VERB	 settle
Davis had considerable Antarctic experience, having been chief officer and later Captain of Nimrod during the 1907 – 09	09	NUM	expedition	NOUN	 expedition
He fell 90 feet (27 m) while walking along a beam 6 inch (150 mm) wide	wide	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Like Mote, Gernet attributes the ultimate downfall of the Liao to the interference by the ruling clans, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
By 1926, the portion of old legislative Route 7 from Central Bridge to East Berne was designated as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Prionodesmacea have a prismatic and nacreous shell structure, separated mantle lobes, poorly developed siphons, and hinge teeth	teeth	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Rhabdomyolysis is recognized in horses. Horses can develop a number of muscle disorders, many of which may progress	progress	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Despite one document referring to both as " social landmarks ", they have experienced a significant downturn in recent	recent	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
Although in his preface, Barker cites his primary source of inspiration as John Smith's The Generall Historie of	of	ADP	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
Seventy two players have been selected in the NBA draft, while 32 players have been honored as All Americans	Americans	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One of de Havilland's most noted performances during this period was in Guy Green's romantic drama Light in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Candidates for the Senate members (senators) were appointed by the king for a lifetime from a list prepared	prepared	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Changes include Indir's death, which occurs early in the novel at a village shrine in the presence of	of	ADP	adults	NOUN	 adults
Clarke travelled to Lisbon on 22 August 1941 aiming, as with his earlier Turkey trip, to open up	up	ADP	lines	NOUN	 lines
It has supported a Democrat for president only three times since 1960. In 1976 and 1980, native son	son	NOUN	Jimmy	PROPN	 Jimmy
It is a misfortune in any case that this trial should be departed from, yet in some cases it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The office soon sported comfortable furniture, a hot plate, and free food; within a few months,	,	PUNCT	200	NUM	 200
It has over 38,000 feet (12,000 m) of water slides, shops, and a wave pool.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Additional drum pedals and a splitter, to allow two pedals to be used, were made available upon the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The theological division between neonomian and antineonomian tendencies in the kirk were highlighted by the Marrow Controversy. The Marrow	Marrow	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The effort of writing so much music in so short a time was not unusual for Handel and his contemporaries	contemporaries	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The exhibit used music, photographs, and personal items to depict Lennon's life in New York, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
In late May, the U.S. Justice Department announced a 47 count indictment with charges of racketeering, wire fraud	fraud	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
An agreement was negotiated between Đurišić and General Biroli, the military governor and commander of Italian troops in Montenegro	Montenegro	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Stoker said in his notes that Dracula represented the quintessential male which, to Stoker, was Whitman, with	with	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
A few hundred different agents have been implicated with the most common being: isocyanates, grain and wood dust	dust	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Critics have described the anime adaptation as having a very slow pace but having a beautiful musical score. Carl	Carl	PROPN	Kimlinger	PROPN	 Kimlinger
It connected U.S. Route 20 (US 20) to downtown Syracuse via Skaneateles, Camillus, Manlius, and	and	CCONJ	Cazenovia	PROPN	 Cazenovia
Bach structured the cantata in five movements and scored it for a soprano soloist and a Baroque orchestra of trumpets	trumpets	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 1864, unhappy with the direction of the General Synod and its seminary at Gettysburg, the Ministerium established	established	VERB	a	DET	 a
Upon finding out these circumstances, Ben strangles Lodz to death, reviving Ruthie in the process. Nevertheless,	,	PUNCT	Lodz	PROPN	 Lodz
12 days later, in a game against the Portland Trail Blazers, Duncan became the 94th player in NBA	NBA	PROPN	history	NOUN	 history
This gave the Moors the opportunity to invade Hispania and pursue a course of dividing and conquering the Christian factions	factions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The miracle which was used to confirm his beatification was the July 1948 cure of intestinal tuberculosis in Angela Testoni	Testoni	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This is a very high rate of downcutting, about the same rate as occurred in Grand Canyon during its	its	PRON	most	ADV	 most
Detzel and Wink (1993) published an extensive review of 63 types of plant allelochemicals (alkaloids, terpenes	terpenes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Latin versions of both had recently been published in Lyon, and extracts from both are paraphrased (in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
They are cut, cleaned and then painted with natural pigments during a ceremonial camp. The Aboriginal Memorial decorations	decorations	NOUN	reflect	VERB	 reflect
The player character is not chosen directly; instead, a decision the player makes during a blackout in the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
For the main characters ' gameplay models, the team adapted the models used in the original cutscenes, as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Despite this, Thomas Leuluai replaced Tomkins for the team's next match against Warrington, meaning Tomkins would have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
" She most notably performed the song on her first headlining The Fame Ball Tour. On the tour,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The plaintiff in Lines International argued that the guidelines adopted by the multi agency committee set up by the PSA	PSA	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One form of piggyback lens makes use of a soft lens with a countersunk central area to accept the rigid	rigid	ADJ	lens	NOUN	 lens
These held very heavy weapons, including massive 12.5 inch, 38 ton (317 mm, 39,000 kg)	)	PUNCT	rifled	VERB	 rifled
1UP.com called the scratch and sniff advertising campaign " infamously ill conceived ", and Digital Trends described the campaign	campaign	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
" ITV replied that the paint was non toxic, saying " While the animals may have looked quite dramatic	dramatic	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Levels are composed of nodes and lines, and presented like a board game with characters modelled as miniature figures	figures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Until the 1970s, all female undergraduate students, known as " Donaldas, " were considered to be members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They also start eating solid foods at this point, weaning at around six to eight months of age.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He has named some of his musical influences as classical artists such as Sergey Prokofiev, Igor Stravinsky, and	and	CCONJ	Beethoven	PROPN	 Beethoven
This helped to reduce motion blur in the handheld's graphics. The unit's case was also redesigned to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
" Taylor York adds " A lot of people would hear the song and assume it would be about the	the	DET	story	NOUN	 story
Banks also held a contest in which she asked budding producers to submit remixes of " Chasing Time ",	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
It was used at Dunblane Cathedral, built in the thirteenth century, particularly to decorate the nave and East	East	PROPN	end	NOUN	 end
His brother Noah, now called Gabranth and in the employ of Archadia, posed as Basch and slew the	the	DET	Dalmascan	ADJ	 Dalmascan
Okedō come in short- and long bodied types. Tsuzumi are a class of hourglass shaped drums. The drum	drum	NOUN	body	NOUN	 body
The period of rule by Penda's descendants came to an end with his grandson Ceolred's death in 716	716	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The game ends with a post credits scene depicting Link and Epona back in the mysterious forest, resuming Link	Link	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although she had wanted to avoid the number motif of her debut, Adele considered " 21 " the most	most	ADV	fitting	ADJ	 fitting
On 6 November, the brigade relocated to Kirkuk, unfurling its colors at Forward Operating Base Warrior. The	The	DET	brigade	NOUN	 brigade
Members are not supposed to " sell " their services. McKinsey's consultants are expected to become a part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After Chamberlain became a permanent member, Underoath discussed the possibility of changing the name and becoming a new band	band	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Laurence can be heard briefly, shouting several times at the end of the song (the only recording on	on	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The report also identified inadequate pre trip inspections and log book keeping, and the lack of a contingency plan	plan	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Jack's Boston office is a duplication of his New York one. When Liz enters, Jack asks her	her	PRON	if	SCONJ	 if
Tim Goodman of the San Francisco Chronicle felt that " The Aftermath " was only " minorly more funny "	"	PUNCT	than	ADP	 than
Innovations continued, notably the German invention of the mortar, a thick walled, short barrelled gun that blasted	blasted	VERB	shot	VERB	 shot
The mid tempo ballad ' Shoo Bee Doo ' and a soulful cover of Rose Royce's ' Love Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
A self help guru, Leslie Freemont, enters with his assistant Tara to welcome Rick into his empowerment program	program	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes Samus is sent to investigate the planet Aether after a squad of GF Marines was	was	AUX	lost	VERB	 lost
The tour included three matches against a South African national team which were deemed to be Tests, but by	by	ADP	this	DET	 this
During the Siege of Sarajevo, the hills became a battleground and have since not been used. However,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
The system is owned by Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) and operated and maintained under contract by RATP	RATP	PROPN	Group	PROPN	 Group
Their " popish " overtones led to them being damaged by an occupying Covenanter army in 1640. From the	the	DET	seventeenth	ADJ	 seventeenth
This meant that they were large enough for sustained fast running with heavy passenger trains, yet small enough to	to	PART	allow	VERB	 allow
Scientists once believed that the distinct status of some subspecies could be justified by morphology, including the size of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is often also shown in peril: being chased, falling off a boat, or hanging by a	a	DET	rope	NOUN	 rope
The tour included the band's first performance in China. Reznor continued to tour with the same band he	he	PRON	concluded	VERB	 concluded
After Bobby, the game was simply not the same. Fischer was a charter inductee into the U.S. Chess	Chess	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
In 1521, Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan's expedition arrived in the Philippines, claimed the islands for Spain and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The BIA had also been attempting since 1874 to extend federal jurisdiction over major crimes to reservations, without any	any	DET	success	NOUN	 success
Exports to Song Dynasty China included textiles, spices, medicinal plants, jewels, ivory, rhino horn,	,	PUNCT	ebony	NOUN	 ebony
Its exact relationships within Titanosauria are contentious, but it may have been close to the North American Alamosaurus.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
In addition, a second reconnaissance flight affirmed a lack of significant winds; it is estimated the cyclone lost	lost	VERB	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
From that time till the end of 1961, Byron shaped much of her publicity. Byron appointed most people	people	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The experience of the Battle of the Somme led the German command to conclude that the policy of rigidly defending	defending	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 2008, Mitchell returned to Lakeland and bought a local barbecue restaurant called " Brothers ' Bar B Que	Que	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Honourable East India Company presented Nelson with £10,000 (£949,340 as of 2016) in recognition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" All of Ledger's scenes appear as he completed them in the filming; in editing the film,	,	PUNCT	Nolan	PROPN	 Nolan
The remnants of the former hurricane continued moving towards the north northwest before dissipating on September 17 over southern Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Produced on a $21 million budget, it went on to gross $83.1 million worldwide in theaters,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
At the conclusion of the season, the Alabama defense led the nation in every major statistical category, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Sapo National Park is a " regional centre of endemism " and biodiversity, at one time hosting around 125	125	NUM	mammal	ADJ	 mammal
And now, finally bringing her to her origin story – I think there's just a lot more emotional	emotional	ADJ	weight	NOUN	 weight
Whilst originally a school for boys only it diversified and, in the late 1990s, started also accepting girls	girls	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Critical opinions of the album have been mixed, but largely positive. Metacritic gave the album a rating of	of	ADP	68	NUM	 68
In addition to his Norwegian decorations, Tronstad received the Order of the British Empire, Chevalier of the French	French	PROPN	Légion	PROPN	 Légion
The defence commissioned a report from Peter Sutherst, a British forensic photographic expert, who was asked in 2008	2008	NUM	to	PART	 to
The album's singles contained four outtakes from the album sessions as b sides. Among those songs were the	the	DET	instrumental	ADJ	 instrumental
When, at the end of 2010, three men in three weeks committed suicide by jumping from the bridge	bridge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They then go to the rink and continue to enjoy themselves, but forget to pick up Meg when they	they	PRON	leave	VERB	 leave
The DragonFly developers use the Git version control system to manage changes to the DragonFly source code. Unlike its	its	PRON	parent	NOUN	 parent
Zatch arms Johnny and attacks him to prepare him for future challenges. Johnny is beaten repeatedly, but he	he	PRON	is	AUX	 is
According to Nixon biographer Roger Morris, the repudiation of NCPAC endorsements did not help Voorhis, as his actions	actions	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In his last five seasons with Cleveland, he finished with losing records three times. After leaving the Indians	Indians	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This view has mostly been discarded, primarily due to a period of archaeological discontinuity, during which settlements were	were	AUX	absent	ADJ	 absent
More intense the emotions — like anger, greed etc. — at the time of binding the karma,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Eileen was acquired from the trash by Wilson, and features a rip in the canvas where someone slashed it	it	PRON	with	ADP	 with
De Vosjoli writes that captive animals have been known to survive and thrive on eating nothing but whole rodent block	block	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jackalow, having been moved to the Mercer jail, attended. U.S. Attorney Cannon stated that he needed three	three	NUM	or	CCONJ	 or
Trost based the opposing gangs ' outfits on American military uniforms of the American Civil War era. The 245	245	NUM	's	PART	's
Jeremiah Horrocks (1618 – 3 January 1641) was born in Lower Lodge, Toxteth Park, now part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The majority of the French attempts to reach the Caribbean ended in failure. Several ships were intercepted in the	the	DET	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
" In 1902 he published The Art of Rugby Football, a coaching manual on rugby that also included accounts	accounts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 2000 Mexican census reported about 70,000 members nationwide, and the 2010 census reported 188,326 members. The Church	Church	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Author and former National Wrestling Alliance president Howard Brody alleges in his book Swimming with Piranhas that Robin was a	a	DET	victim	NOUN	 victim
Peniophora quercina typically grows upon dead wood, which can be attached to the tree or fallen, where it	it	PRON	causes	VERB	 causes
The festival is inspired by the ethos of the hippie, counterculture, and free festival movements. It retains	retains	VERB	vestiges	NOUN	 vestiges
The band carried on, adding new members Chuck Leavell on piano and Lamar Williams on bass. Brothers and	and	CCONJ	Sisters	PROPN	 Sisters
As Ravel's course progressed, Fauré reported " a distinct gain in maturity... engaging wealth of imagination "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
However, it is revealed that when the wiring is tampered with, they become violent attackers. The seal	seal	NOUN	wins	VERB	 wins
" Chung ying Cheng, a Chinese philosopher, views Taoism as a religion that has been embedded into Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	history	NOUN	 history
The song is also included in the video game Rock Band 2. The song has been covered for several	several	ADJ	tribute	NOUN	 tribute
The song was composed in the key of E minor, with a beat set in common time and a	a	DET	tempo	NOUN	 tempo
Essentially, this means that the President's satisfaction is subjective, and not objective. The effect of this	this	DET	decision	NOUN	 decision
1 gram (0.035 oz) of matter in the bomb is converted into the active energy of heat and	and	CCONJ	radiation	NOUN	 radiation
Believing that it made an " important contribution " to Pagan studies and the anthropological study of magic, she	she	PRON	nevertheless	ADV	 nevertheless
Patrick Calhoun belonged to the Calhoun clan in the tight knit Scots Irish community on the Southern frontier. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine felt the song " made Mariah likeable again " and wrote " [it's	's	AUX	]	PUNCT	]
The historian George Garnett draws the parallel between the treatment of King Harold in Domesday Book, where he is	is	AUX	essentially	ADV	 essentially
Constantin von Tischendorf, Fragmentum Codicis Friderico Augustani, in: Monumenta sacra inedita (Leipzig 1855), vol	vol	INTJ	.	PUNCT	.
In 2010, the ground played host to a play off against Romania, a game the home side won	won	VERB	2	NUM	 2
The precise etymology is disputed, but hnefi certainly referred to the king piece, and several sources refer to	to	ADP	Hnefatafl	PROPN	 Hnefatafl
She and her husband, Rostislav Mikhailovich were especially favored by Béla. Her great grandson, Wenceslaus — a	a	DET	grandson	NOUN	 grandson
It was written by James Fauntleroy, Caroline Polachek, and Beyoncé while the latter two and Boots also served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Instead, Peter Pan was released on Blu ray as a Diamond Edition on February 5, 2013 to celebrate	celebrate	VERB	its	PRON	 its
When it was time to write Life Is Peachy, we went back into the rehearsal studio and we wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 2012 he handed over the collection to his son, Hjörtur Gísli Sigurðsson (described by Slate as "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
2. Since 1980, survival suits have been required aboard ship in each crew member's quarters and at	at	ADP	their	PRON	 their
During the show, guest acts representing other countries partaking in Eurovision performed their entries and they included: Fabrizio	Fabrizio	PROPN	Faniello	PROPN	 Faniello
He twice refused British overtures hinting at dominion status, and instead pursued an initially semi independent Federation with the	the	DET	directly	ADV	 directly
Gray color in some diamonds from the Argyle mine in Australia is often associated with those hydrogen defects, but	but	CCONJ	again	ADV	 again
In November 2006, her 1943 work Sugaring off became her highest selling work at US $1.2 million.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fanning worked with producer Tchad Blake and was funded by record label Dew Process. Sessions for the album began	began	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Bombay came into prominence in connection with the attempt of the Portuguese to capture Diu in 1530 31. Nuno	Nuno	PROPN	da	PROPN	 da
As a result, owning and handling small amounts of thorium, such as a gas mantle, is considered	considered	VERB	safe	ADJ	 safe
The wave quickly developed into a tropical depression at 1800 UTC on September 5, while located about 180 mi	mi	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
During this tussle Booker pounded Cena's head into the ring steps before being reversed into them himself. The	The	DET	match	NOUN	 match
He first played for West Indies in 1912 – 13 and, after the First World War, was chosen	chosen	VERB	to	PART	 to
In April 2013, Finding Dory, a sequel to Finding Nemo, was announced for a June 17,	,	PUNCT	2016	NUM	 2016
Within two days the temperatures dropped and the volume of smoke was reduced. Although the fire was contained,	,	PUNCT	miners	NOUN	 miners
Marie in Michigan and Ontario. The governments on each side of the international border formed a bridge authority to	to	PART	build	VERB	 build
" The Numismatist, in March and May 1913 editorials, gave the new coin a lukewarm review, suggesting	suggesting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The pulp magazine Argosy published an account of the incident in 1974. The 1977 science fiction film Close Encounters	Encounters	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Merriam named it Bendire's shrew (Atophyrax bendirii) in appreciation of Bendire's contribution. Merriam reported that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She arrived at Toulon on 18 October where she was subsequently disarmed. In June 1941, Commandant Teste was	was	AUX	reactivated	VERB	 reactivated
Stefan drives a stake through Radu's heart and severs his head with a sword, killing Radu. Unfortunately	Unfortunately	ADV	for	ADP	 for
Gauguin shows her with long pale hair and large wild eyes. In Tahitian mythology Oviri was the goddess of	of	ADP	mourning	NOUN	 mourning
Eddie Campbell took Sim's personal advice to self publish the collected From Hell at the turn of the century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hours after attaining its peak intensity, Fred began to weaken as clouds began to fill the eye. By	By	ADP	this	DET	 this
He closed to 80 yards and shot it down. It crashed in the area of Lymington. Cunningham's	's	PART	9th	ADJ	 9th
He acknowledges the brain drain trend, noting " there are more Malawian doctors in Manchester [England] than	than	ADP	in	ADP	 in
The remix also peaked at number ninety on the Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs chart. Elsewhere	Elsewhere	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
At the same time she becomes the most elegant and highly sought after prostitute at The Pearl and her pimp	pimp	NOUN	's	PART	's
The episode's Nielsen ratings at its initial airing were low but improved after subsequent airings on NBC. This	This	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
" The admission may have done Chekhov a disservice, since early manuscripts reveal that he often wrote with extreme	extreme	ADJ	care	NOUN	 care
Gian Gastone gave his all in reforming his realm, purging corrupt Churchmen from government, reversing Cosimo III's	's	PART	ban	NOUN	 ban
In the late Middle Ages, the Western European nobility that used peregrines for hunting, considered the bird associated	associated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Taraki sought to neutralise Amin's power and influence by requesting that he serve overseas as an ambassador. Amin	Amin	PROPN	turned	VERB	 turned
As the children grew up, the Degrassi franchise developed into Degrassi Junior High and Degrassi High. In 1999	1999	NUM	two	NUM	 two
The four engined chartered propliner departed Columbia, South Carolina, at 15: 24 EST, and landed in	in	ADP	Newark	PROPN	 Newark
The goal of Espejo's first three works was the intellectual improvement of Quito. El Nuevo Luciano de Quito	Quito	PROPN	ridiculed	VERB	 ridiculed
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious, and is offered	offered	VERB	a	DET	 a
The article featured their criticisms of U2 for the supposed poor treatment the Pixies received. Both U2 and the	the	DET	Pixies	PROPN	 Pixies
The black mamba's reputed readiness to attack is often much exaggerated and usually is provoked by perceived threats,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
This emerged shortly before Reyn Bardt went to trial, but he was convicted on the evidence of his confession	confession	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For instance, the Hungarian words for pig (disznó), castrated hog (ártány), ox (	(	PUNCT	ökör	PROPN	ökör
R.E.M. did not tour to promote Out of Time; instead the group played a series of one off shows	shows	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Stereogum was also impressed with the song stating it was a " sweet, savory dose of self referential	referential	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In her own words, she " rose up and challenged him in the presence of the rest of the	the	DET	coven	NOUN	 coven
' Besides, I ’ m growing up, I ’ m not little anymore. [I just decided	decided	VERB	]	PUNCT	]
Giant rosette senecios form single aged stands that drive community structure over decades. Many plant species in the Afro	Afro	PROPN	alpine	NOUN	 alpine
The mixing of the fuel at Proxima Centauri's core through convection and its relatively low energy production rate mean	mean	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On December 28, 1933, Acting Secretary of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau ordered Americans to turn in all gold	gold	ADJ	coins	NOUN	 coins
The Kingdom was ruled by the Wodeyar dynasty, except for a brief period in the late 18th century when	when	SCONJ	Hyder	PROPN	 Hyder
Along the Caribbean coastline of Honduras, about 1,000 shanty houses were destroyed. Overall, Marco caused nine fatalities	fatalities	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The perception grew that Romney was gaffe prone. The campaign, beset by internal rivalries, soon went	went	VERB	through	ADP	 through
As at Thermopylae, to make this an effective strategy required the Greek navy to stage a simultaneous blockade,	,	PUNCT	barring	VERB	 barring
His troops called themselves the " Blitzkruegers ". Krueger became commander of IX Corps on 31 January 1940.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
On average, seven Auburn High students earn National Merit Finalist status each year, and, in 2006,	,	PUNCT	92	NUM	 92
Whether or not a gluten free diet brings this risk back to baseline is not clear. Long standing and	and	CCONJ	untreated	ADJ	 untreated
Walters and Segev both noted inconsistencies between Wiesenthal's stories and his actual achievements. Segev concluded that Wiesenthal "	"	PUNCT	lied	VERB	 lied
" Suggesting that the monument was constructed on agricultural land, in his published report Bennett cited the ideas of	of	ADP	anthropologist	NOUN	 anthropologist
Yoshimura said the firefighters who appeared to be running in the episode were actors, while the real firefighters walked	walked	VERB	slowly	ADV	 slowly
No known record survives of Revithi's life after her run. According to contemporary sources, a second woman	woman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Mrs Poulteney – a wealthy widow and, at the beginning of the novel, the employer of Sarah Woodruff	Woodruff	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Touring partners Bleed the Sky assisted in replacing members for live shows. Bassist Disco Daylen took to the stage	stage	NOUN	replacing	VERB	 replacing
Improvements were made on this northern route, and on August 15, 1970, the Yellowhead Route was officially	officially	ADV	opened	VERB	 opened
In June, Maté won the final stage at the Route du Sud, coming best in a five man	man	NOUN	breakaway	NOUN	 breakaway
Only about 3% of the total installed base of AC motors are provided with AC drives. However,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
For his seven group leaders he had John H. Williams, Robert R. Wilson, John H. Manley, Darol	Darol	PROPN	K.	PROPN	 K.
LIGO made its first detection on 14 September 2015, observing gravitational waves from a binary black hole. A	A	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Union Boulevard continues over Monocacy Creek, which forms the border between Lehigh and Northampton Counties, and ends in	in	ADP	downtown	NOUN	 downtown
It peaked the following week at 174 before dropping off the charts. It was on the Independent Albums chart	chart	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The families were given " generous financial assistance ", and in return had to " commit to providing community	community	NOUN	service	NOUN	 service
Notable people to have been born or lived in Summer Hill include: Normand Henry Baker (1908 – 1955	1955	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Lichtenstein's method entailed " strengthening of the formal aspects of the composition, a stylization of motif, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
" Blamey told Burston. Blamey took over command of New Guinea Force, but not I Corps. The	The	DET	difference	NOUN	 difference
Reduced charges are available to users with a pre pay account and holders of DART Tags, a device held	held	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Early on in the creation of Adam, the producers had an interest in casting Penry Jones for the role	role	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
An oral ETEC vaccine candidate consisting of rCTB and formalin inactivated E. coli bacteria expressing major CFs has been shown	shown	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He was so immersed in his studies that he took up the habit of dressing in Arab clothing and calling	calling	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
According to palaeontologist and author Kathleen Hunt, Samotherium split into Okapia (18 million years ago) and Giraffa	Giraffa	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He got New York Congressman John Dow to testify that the war had soaked up funding for public buildings,	,	PUNCT	thus	ADV	 thus
The episode was generally well received by television critics. In a review by the Toronto Star, Ben Rayner	Rayner	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
Coburn generated controversy after the race, when he said the current Triple Crown system allowed " the coward's	's	PART	way	NOUN	 way
The live releases were entitled Live Trax and Live Trax II, the first being released on June 30,	,	PUNCT	1998	NUM	 1998
In federal politics, the suburb is part of the division of Sturt, and has been represented by Christopher	Christopher	PROPN	Pyne	PROPN	 Pyne
In fact, Steiner was not that interested in the Internet when he drew the cartoon, and although he	he	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Developing into an offensive leader, Roberts scored more goals (39) in 1989 – 90 than he had	had	VERB	points	NOUN	 points
And the costumes had to align closely to the live action design. " To maintain continuity between the two	two	NUM	media	NOUN	 media
2 / 3 of the left side hull plate in two parts. The aim of the project is a	a	DET	complete	ADJ	 complete
As a result, the ship's career during the war was limited. During the war, Regina Elena	Elena	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Boyz ' feud with the Mexican Mafia, known as " La Eme ", sent the Boyz looking	looking	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The four strong party which visited London, as well as newly elected Alfred Ayrton made up five members of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
It connects to the Sognsvann Line in the west and the Grorud Line in the east; along with these	these	DET	two	NUM	 two
The portrait remained in the family from its creation, through a direct line of descent, to the 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Clarke was taken to London and interrogated by Myles at his house, for two days, but the cordwainer	cordwainer	NOUN	refused	VERB	 refused
Collected Poems. Faber and Faber. ISBN 978 0 571 21654 3. The North Ship The Less Deceived	Deceived	VERB	The	DET	 The
Kato planned the system around allowing players to avoid repetitive gameplay (also known as " grinding ") to	to	PART	gain	VERB	 gain
Following its single release, the song re entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number 94 on the week ending	ending	VERB	March	PROPN	 March
The design represents three elements; the band's stage lighting, the album lyrics, and Wright's request	request	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Nikephoros used the opportunity in the spring to rebuild the destroyed walls of the towns of Safsaf, Thebasa,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Stackless Python is a significant fork of CPython that implements microthreads; it does not use the C memory stack	stack	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A38 – A39. Report of the Constitutional Commission, 1966 [Chairman: Wee Chong Jin], Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Triangular curves of constant width with smooth rather than sharp corners may be obtained as the locus of points at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
He continued in the team and in 1928 participated in a championship series between his team and the team of	of	ADP	Guayama	PROPN	 Guayama
The main fleet remained near Sofala ten days undergoing repairs. The expedition then went north, and on 26	26	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
Two tornadoes in Southwest Florida extensively damaged 2 condominiums and at least 24 houses. A third tornado along the	the	DET	east	ADJ	 east
Faversham holds two UK weather records. The first was when the UK's highest ever temperature was recorded on	on	ADP	10	NUM	 10
Former Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne initially studied the area for national monument status, but did not recommend	recommend	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The four ships took part in the fleet sortie that resulted in the battle of Jutland on 31 May –	–	PUNCT	1	NUM	 1
" Doherty also named Frank an " old favourite " of the series. Although Matt Buchanan from The Sydney	Sydney	PROPN	Morning	PROPN	 Morning
The foreign exchange reserves of the Central Bank of Iceland fell by US $289 million during October 2008.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Musial was hitting.315 by late June, as the Cardinals resumed battling the Dodgers for first place in the National	National	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
Providence is home to the largest gay bathhouse in New England. During the summer months, the city regularly	regularly	ADV	hosts	VERB	 hosts
Sahasrahla, a descendant of those who forged the Master Sword, mentors Link on his quest. Series antagonist	antagonist	NOUN	Ganon	PROPN	 Ganon
The episode " Dear Vikings " was nominated at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Special Class - Short	Short	PROPN	Format	PROPN	 Format
Atari remade the game on numerous platforms. In 1977, Pong and several variants of the game were featured	featured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
While searching for a man worthy of Selma, Homer uses a computer enhanced overlay on his vision similar to	to	ADP	characters	NOUN	 characters
Two Nebraska players had nine tackles apiece, and one of those players, Octavious McFarlin, recorded two tackles	tackles	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
She displaced 17,290 long tons (17,570 t) at load and 20,700 long tons (21,000 t) at	at	ADP	deep	ADJ	 deep
The expansion of parish schools and reform of universities heralded the beginnings of an intellectual flowering in the Enlightenment.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Nests are usually found in tree holes with a minimum diameter of 5 cm (2.0 in), with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Shortly thereafter, it crossed and interchanged with Highway 401 at Exit 195. The highway ended just north of	of	ADP	Highway	PROPN	 Highway
It finally turns out that he is of a higher rank than she. This is a parody of the	the	DET	Victorian	ADJ	 Victorian
In 1068, Malcolm III of Scotland marched across the Scottish border to challenge the authority of William the Conqueror	Conqueror	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Iguanodon material has also been used in the search for dinosaur DNA and other biomolecules. In research by Graham	Graham	PROPN	Embery	PROPN	 Embery
This statement announced the firing of the Hollywood Ten and stated: " We will not knowingly employ a Communist	Communist	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
In March 2009, the decision was taken to write the Parker family out of the show after both Mignon	Mignon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The two protons released from QH2 pass into the intermembrane space. The third substrate is Q, which accepts	accepts	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was released internationally in France and the United Kingdom in 1982, and broadcast on various American cable television	television	NOUN	channels	NOUN	 channels
Albert Grey, 4th Earl Grey, the Governor General of Canada, planned to donate a new trophy to	to	PART	serve	VERB	 serve
Following the arrival of dispatches from France that included the possibility of support from the French West Indies fleet of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Work on establish an administration was initiated by Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld in 1871. After contacting the invested governments,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Vesuvio was also armed with four 14 inch (356 mm) torpedo tubes. One was mounted in the	the	DET	bow	NOUN	 bow
Adams ' preoccupation with political and governmental affairs – which caused considerable separation from his wife and children – ironically	ironically	ADV	had	VERB	 had
This survey party discovered (incorrectly) that the northern limit of the Merrimack was near what is now known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In 2014, Dr. Dre was ranked as the second richest figure in the American hip hop scene by Forbes	Forbes	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
" Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 75 out of 100, based on	on	ADP	22	NUM	 22
In these works Weber described what he saw as society's movement towards rationalisation. Similarly, rationalisation could be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
" Encouraged by Magoffin's rebuff of Lincoln, Confederate Secretary of War LeRoy Pope Walker requested Kentucky troops for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The home kit consisted of the club's traditional red and white stripes and was based on the kit worn	worn	VERB	by	ADP	 by
With this, she was accused of lying but, even at this point, Winthrop and a few of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cover art was by Matt Cavotta, with interior art by Steven Belledin, Ed Cox, Wayne England,	,	PUNCT	Emily	PROPN	 Emily
Buhmaid is remembered by the opposition as a martyr, leader and symbol of peacefulness. Buhmaid (or Buhamaid	Buhamaid	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the end of the series, she married Haruto and they have a son named Daiki. Ch.	.	PROPN	141	NUM	 141
The main entrance is sited within a projected façade that reaches to the eaves and is topped with a pediment	pediment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At least two witnesses recalled seeing Smith with blood on him: a motorist who saw him buying petrol,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
When playing vocals, a standard game controller, or Wii Remote on the Wii version, is necessary in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
The daikon varieties of radish are important parts of East, Southeast, and South Asian cuisine. In Japan	Japan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The magazine also praised the song for " lyrics [that] remain subtle but forthright in the song's	's	PART	positive	ADJ	 positive
In a retrospective of the third season in Entertainment Weekly, " 731 " was rated a B. The review	review	NOUN	noted	VERB	 noted
The Senate passed an unchanged bill on January 22, 2010, with a veto proof two thirds ' majority	majority	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They also found credit cards belonging to Sheila Damude and Gerard Lowe. In addition, police found Simon Davis	Davis	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The epithelium on the margins of the ulcer shows spongiosis and there are many mononuclear cells in the basal third	third	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These flights validated the Service Module engine and the Command Module heat shield. A third Saturn IB test,	,	PUNCT	AS	ADP	 AS
The Beacon Church meets at Briary School, Greenhill, Herne Bay. Herne Bay Evangelical Free Church meets in	in	ADP	Sunnyhill	PROPN	 Sunnyhill
The dopamine system plays a crucial role in several aspects of addiction. At the earliest stage, genetic differences	differences	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The 2003 Texas redistricting of Congressional districts led by Republican Tom DeLay, was called by the New York Times	Times	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
For instance, Ciceu, the last stronghold of Ladislaus Kán's sons surrendered in 1321. After the king	king	NOUN	's	PART	's
Differential resistance is only relevant to time varying currents. Points on the curve where the slope is negative (	(	PUNCT	declining	VERB	declining
Brought to London, she was moored on the River Thames near Tower Bridge in the Pool of London,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The day after the shooting, Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik stated that the Taliban gunman who shot Yousafzai	Yousafzai	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The console has a number of internal features made available from its hardware and firmware components. The hardware allows	allows	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Kato later returned to Square Enix as a freelancer to work on Children of Mana and Dawn of Mana.	.	PUNCT	Mitsuda	PROPN	 Mitsuda
Despite producing at a point per game in the AHL with Stockton, at the conclusion of the year,	,	PUNCT	Raymond	PROPN	 Raymond
In 2007 Hareide announced that he had left politics for the time being to pursue a career in the national	national	ADJ	media	NOUN	 media
Bethe was elected Foreign Member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS) in 1957, and he gave the 1993	1993	NUM	Bakerian	PROPN	 Bakerian
Idolator's Bianca Gracie described the album as " a refreshing listen that highlights the undeniable talent of both Bennett	Bennett	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ryan Newman clinched his second pole position of the season, with a time of 14.908. The time made	made	VERB	a	DET	 a
He finished the season tied for first in the Big Ten in rushing touchdowns by a quarterback with seven.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Grenades continued to develop, although still retaining some aspects of their medieval equivalents. The grenades carried on board	board	NOUN	British	PROPN	 British
In the 2015 edition of tournament, hosted by England, New Zealand once again won the final, this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
It is a site of international importance in terms of its archaeology and is scheduled as an Ancient Monument.	.	PUNCT	Declared	VERB	 Declared
From 1901 to 1905, Michigan had a 56 game undefeated streak that included a 1902 trip to play in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
One of the youngest members of that body, his political activities acquainted him with many prominent politicians. In	In	ADP	1785	NUM	 1785
The second wave of parachute troops were dropped in two groups to the west of the cemetery at about midday	midday	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lying in the historical region of Epirus, it is the capital of Gjirokastër County. Its old town is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Originally the unit was composed of eight men, commanded by Julius Schreck and Joseph Berchtold, and was modeled	modeled	VERB	after	ADP	 after
One hypothesis concerning the outer ring's blue colour is that it is composed of minute particles of water ice	ice	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
On 10 July TF 38's aircraft conducted raids on airfields in the Tokyo region, destroying several aircraft on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Research into new vaccines is particularly important, as current vaccines are very slow and expensive to produce and must	must	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Diorama received a score of 71 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic, based on nine reviews. Australian	Australian	ADJ	radio	NOUN	 radio
A number of reviews were more critical of Haggard's work. Although the reviewer of She in Blackwood's	's	PART	Edinburgh	PROPN	 Edinburgh
In August 2008, Scudamore said that the League had " a whole host of ideas, some more radical	radical	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
However, toxicologist Geoffrey Isbister has suggested IM antivenom is not as effective as IV antivenom, after finding that	that	SCONJ	IM	PROPN	 IM
Moreover, newly elected governor Preston Leslie had opposed a bill granting Cincinnati Southern's request when he was in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later that day, it further weakened to a tropical storm. The storm re strengthened to a 70 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
When writing the scientific name of an organism, it is proper to capitalize the first letter in the genus	genus	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Record Mirror's reviewer speculated that the song " could either be a delicate and expensive sweet or a new	new	ADJ	dance	NOUN	 dance
Scharnhorst and Gneisenau operated together for much of the early portion of World War II, including sorties into the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
They in turn, influenced British authors of the first half of the twentieth century such as G. K. Chesterton	Chesterton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It also had a pintle built into the underside of the front of the mount. Two large rollers were	were	AUX	fitted	VERB	 fitted
Aposematism always involves an advertising signal. The warning signal may take the form of conspicuous animal coloration, sounds	sounds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
North is portrayed by British actor Richard Armitage. The character is introduced in Spooks ' seventh series as the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
In contrast to the striped hyena, the ears of the spotted hyena are rounded rather than pointed. Each	Each	DET	foot	NOUN	 foot
Known as the engrossed copy, this is the famous document on display at the National Archives in Washington,	,	PUNCT	D.C.	PROPN	 D.C.
Consequently, the XLVIII Panzer Corps became embroiled in the defensive battles for the Chir River, as the Soviets	Soviets	PROPN	pushed	VERB	 pushed
Residents who have bought apartments next to the High Line Park have adapted to its presence in varying ways,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Porter comments that " similar accounts... could be provided to show how widely and rapidly all [Verdi's	's	PART	]	PUNCT	]
Stretford's growth was fuelled by the transport revolutions of the 18th and especially the 19th century: the Bridgewater	Bridgewater	PROPN	Canal	PROPN	 Canal
" Jeremy Parish, writing for 1UP.com, said that though the Fire Emblem series had changed little over the	the	DET	years	NOUN	 years
Although the poor sound quality limits its commercial appeal, the album provides historic insight into the group's club	club	NOUN	act	NOUN	 act
Sadat wished to restore al Azhar as a symbol of Egyptian leadership throughout the Arab world, saying that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The antibodies are soluble and do not require direct cell to cell contact between the pathogen and the B cell	cell	NOUN	to	PART	 to
By November 2012, the production team thought they had finally " cracked " the puzzle of how to make	make	VERB	the	DET	 the
While filming in Chicago, the film was given the false title Rory's First Kiss to lower the visibility	visibility	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal	Rosenthal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Each of these statues are 5 feet (1.5 m) high, and are seated on stone seats with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Volunteers came forward and were accepted not from citizens of the city of Rome itself but from the surrounding countryside	countryside	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Also in January, the elected Jordanian prime minister and Nasser supporter Sulayman al Nabulsi brought Jordan into a military	military	ADJ	pact	NOUN	 pact
In recognition of his tenacity in returning from cancer treatment, the league voted Koivu as the Bill Masterton Memorial	Memorial	PROPN	Trophy	PROPN	 Trophy
Fort Saint Louis was rediscovered by historians and excavated in 1996, and the area is now an archaeological site	site	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Griffin describes himself as a " moderniser ", and " new nationalist ", and after his election	election	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Afterwards, Edge proclaimed that it was the end of the " Cena era " in his life. Edge	Edge	PROPN	went	VERB	 went
Small numbers also winter in northwestern Africa in Morocco, northern Algeria and Tunisia. Vagrants have reached northwest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After a long time of hiatus in her acting career, Cher returned to the screen in Burlesque, which	which	PRON	co	VERB	 co
Lyons Ruth has urged, however, that it should be more widely " recognized that 52% of disorganized	disorganized	ADJ	infants	NOUN	 infants
After the final stage, season modes begins again with the same superstar chosen before, though the player has	has	VERB	the	DET	 the
Like other buildings in the new World Trade Center complex, One World Trade Center includes sustainable architecture features.	.	PUNCT	Much	ADJ	 Much
From these recent captures, they targeted the flank of the Tel el Saba defences, causing the defenders '	'	PART	fire	NOUN	 fire
" Of Mice and Men " was selected as the second video from the album. In this video,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After the 25th Battalion crossed the Puriata, a patrol from the 61st strove for the Hari where they clashed	clashed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Thảo was promoted to the post of chief of Bến Tre Province. He covertly worked with the cadres of	of	ADP	Nguyễn	PROPN	 Nguyễn
On April 3, the system was assigned a Dvorak rating of T2.0 and was respectively upgraded into a moderate	moderate	ADJ	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
She pitched the idea to her brother – music producer A.B. Quintanilla who began co writing the track with her	her	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
He said that Edinburgh provided a sense of containment and a variety of architectural designs, which were combined with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Extent of his brutality represented itself by running watermills by people's blood for three days and he fed his	his	PRON	army	NOUN	 army
The player assumes the role of Tomoya Okazaki, the protagonist of Clannad. Tomoya has been labeled a delinquent	delinquent	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Cappadocian bishops were among those at the Council of Nicaea. Because of the broad distribution of the population,	,	PUNCT	rural	ADJ	 rural
On giving up the record to Reid's camp, Mark Stewart comments, " We knew Rihanna's album	album	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
It was filmed in Los Angeles, California, in December 2003. It begins with a scene of a	a	DET	congested	ADJ	 congested
Strang School District No. 36 was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25, 1992.Note	1992.Note	NUM	1	NUM	 1
He lost the lead the next day to Paolo Bettini, who gained the race lead three separate times before	before	SCONJ	Savoldelli	PROPN	 Savoldelli
The sawmills also supported related industries such as mills that planed and smoothed the lumber; factories that built sashes	sashes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Facing the Chinese offensive were 418,000 UN troops, including 152,000 South Koreans, 245,000 Americans, 11,500 British Commonwealth	Commonwealth	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Irish House of Commons, in a clear signal, agreed with the sentiments of the speech by only	only	ADV	two	NUM	 two
Night time summer temperatures range from the upper 50s° F (14° C) in the West Texas	Texas	PROPN	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
The setting of Neptune High, which was featured in the first two seasons, was also located in Oceanside	Oceanside	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Eggs and nestlings are consumed by blue jays, fish crows and American crows, red tailed hawks, swallow	swallow	NOUN	tailed	VERB	 tailed
Despite the good news of being appointed to a divisional command, Mickl expressed his disappointment that he was being	being	AUX	allocated	VERB	 allocated
His mass appearance has doubled up Ram Charan's performance. Naayak is a perfect Sankranthi entertainer, " and	and	CCONJ	rated	VERB	 rated
Aside from information gathered from the opening sequences, most details regarding the story were kept secret until the release	release	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The storm peaked in intensity as a weak tropical storm shortly thereafter. On August 31 the storm moved inland	inland	ADV	near	ADP	 near
Due to the popularity of its predecessor, Sonic the Hedgehog 2 already had an established fanbase anticipating its release	release	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Though Green continued her routine of ferrying the children to after school activities, she would spend her evenings drinking	drinking	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Frentzen retired with a gearbox failure on lap 40 as Coulthard moved into third after passing Salo. Heidfeld became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
The F 15 pilots were faulted for misidentifying the helicopters as hostile. Also, the crew members of the	the	DET	AWACS	PROPN	 AWACS
The generators powered a complex electrical system that combined alternating current for most equipment with direct current for heavy load	load	NOUN	machinery	NOUN	 machinery
The same day an extended version of the music video was released featuring a cameo from Juicy J, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
" Seema seconded Narendra's concerns, " We would have been happier if the main accused was also given	given	VERB	the	DET	 the
This invasion force was similar in size to the raiding party and was once again led by Rowley and Keating	Keating	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He made good academic progress, but after he had settled a quarrel with another pupil by an organised fist	fist	NOUN	fight	NOUN	 fight
Martello defended the growing rise of feminists in Wicca during the 1970s, criticizing what he deemed as the continual	continual	ADJ	repression	NOUN	 repression
A central point during the season was the romance between Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) and Pete Miller (	(	PUNCT	Jake	PROPN	Jake
During this episode, it is implied that Isabella marries either Phineas or Ferb, though none of the characters	characters	NOUN	remember	VERB	 remember
In subsequent productions, " niggers " has been changed to " colored folk ", to " darkies "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
This military style organization would be used for all subsequent Mormon emigrant companies. Locust Creek (103 miles (	(	PUNCT	166	NUM	166
Highland Park won this game, which was the clinching Region II best of 3 bi district series game,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Lucan's disappearance has captivated the public's imagination for decades, with thousands of sightings reported across the world	world	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Oskaras Koršunovas Theatre has occupied the former Lietuvos Rytas Arena which was the home of Lithuania's starring basketball team	team	NOUN	Lietuvos	PROPN	 Lietuvos
The Canadian born Sir William Osler (1849 – 1919), then at Johns Hopkins Hospital and later at	at	ADP	Oxford	PROPN	 Oxford
The remnants moved across Ireland and Great Britain on October 28 with winds of about 65 mph (105 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
English hip hop producer Metabeats called Songs of Experience one of his favorite sources for sampling music and said of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A review of the songs reads " The Pride keep things subliminally lo fi. Refreshingly simple and restrained,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
When it is adjacent only to broad consonants, it is a centralized back [ɑ ̈], e.g.	e.g.	ADV	mac	PROPN	 mac
On 17 March 2011, he was called up to the national team by new manager Laurent Blanc for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Malick declined the offer, but instead discussed the idea of a film about the life of Joseph Merrick.	.	PUNCT	Once	ADV	 Once
Kościuszko arrived in Bayonne, France, on June 28, 1798. By that time, Talleyrand's plans	plans	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The 2011 release of the Nintendo 3DS, the successor to the Nintendo DS series of handhelds, was announced	announced	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Bachi are also held in a number of different styles. In kumi daiko, it is common for a	a	DET	player	NOUN	 player
circRNAs are thought to arise via a " back splice " reaction where the spliceosome joins a downstream donor to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
It started off bad and went on being bad. " Up and coming society photographer Vic Singh was hired	hired	VERB	to	PART	 to
Team Hitec Products attacked each of the intermediate sprints, with Kirsten Wild providing a lead out each lap for	for	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This created a diplomatic problem for Congress, which did not want to be seen as aggressive, which is	is	AUX	how	SCONJ	 how
The first successful corneal transplantation to treat keratoconus was done in 1936 by Ramon Castroviejo. Several other corneal ectatic	ectatic	ADJ	disorders	NOUN	 disorders
Second category climbs awarded points on a scale of 7 points for first place, second place earned 5 points	points	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When built in 1924, 327,000 feet (100,000 m) of lumber was used. The track is inspected	inspected	VERB	every	DET	 every
Lord Beckett gains power over Davy Jones, and with the help of Jones ' ship, the Flying Dutchman	Dutchman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was ugly for a long time. " The band's next album, Renegades, was a collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hawkins died in May 2002, less than a year after the album's release. James promoted the album	album	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
" The novel centres on the character of Katinka Bai, a quiet, sensitive young woman married to a	a	DET	boisterous	ADJ	 boisterous
By June 1825 he and his business partners had lost £7,000. Disraeli could not pay off the last	last	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Against the Panthers, the Bears ' defense forced three turnovers in the first half, which included a 51	51	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
At Los Alamos, Bradbury became head of E 5, the Implosion Experimentation Group, which put him in	in	ADP	charge	NOUN	 charge
Pinkett Smith has shown great admiration for her grandmother, saying, " My grandmother was a doer who wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
" He practised slip fielding by catching a tennis ball thrown against a brick wall; he believed this practise	practise	NOUN	trained	VERB	 trained
It moved southwestward and slowly developed a distinct low pressure area. On November 6, the system strengthened enough	enough	ADV	for	SCONJ	 for
" Much the same criticism, says Arnold, may be levelled at Harnoncourt's 1971 recording. Among more	more	ADV	recent	ADJ	 recent
Harris was one of Michigan's leaders with 27 points and 8 rebounds, while Sims had a career high	high	ADJ	29	NUM	 29
Regensburg was ordered under the contract name " Ersatz Irene " and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard	shipyard	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A lawyer for Bill and Richard Thorpe said the men would pursue the legal process to have their father returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The opening theme, " Akari (Light) -Tomoshibi- " (灯 TOMOSHIBI-), was sung by Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	singer	NOUN	 singer
Throughout Australasia and Europe, the song managed to peak within the top five in several countries. In Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In mid 1932, Himmler appointed Heydrich chief of the renamed security service — the Sicherheitsdienst (SD).	.	PUNCT	Heydrich	PROPN	 Heydrich
In historic times, the observation of such variations in susceptibility have provided solutions for major socio economic problems.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
These local attacks were sufficient to inflame dissent within the largely Croat 4th Army, who refused to resist Germans	Germans	PROPN	they	PRON	 they
Its pilot trainees included Army, Navy, and foreign students as well as Air Force personnel. The RAAF	RAAF	PROPN	's	PART	's
When he arrives, the gods are preparing to leave. After an angry exchange with Þorgerðr, who tells	tells	VERB	him	PRON	 him
University of Southern California digital media expert David Wertheimer also believed that " Wong Fu's use of new media	media	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Nora unexpectedly redeveloped an area of thunderstorms and moved ashore near Mazatlán, Sinaloa on October 9 before dissipating.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The game established a College World Series record for largest title game margin of victory. During the season,	,	PUNCT	Rice	PROPN	 Rice
Thome graduated in 1988 and, after not being drafted, enrolled at Illinois Central College where he continued his	his	PRON	baseball	NOUN	 baseball
Craig's appearances in the British television film Love Is the Devil: Study for a Portrait of Francis Bacon	Bacon	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" And the set up for the fifth season is quite brilliant. " The Star Ledger's Alan Sepinwall	Sepinwall	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
He named it Hypnos subnigrum; the genus name is derived from the Greek word for " sleep ",	,	PUNCT	referring	VERB	 referring
In 2001, the bulb's 100th birthday was celebrated with a community barbecue and live music. Since that	that	DET	move	NOUN	 move
When asked by a fan, Sorachi mentioned that most characters from the series are based on real life Edo	Edo	PROPN	citizens	NOUN	 citizens
The humour is described by publications as being " bizarre " and " weird ". It is also described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Although Lyell opposed evolutionary ideas (even questioning the consensus that the fossil record demonstrates a true progression),	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
To help ease the transition, Ferrell appeared in Carell's final episodes as well as one additional episode after	after	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Meanwhile, Andy Murray continued to rise in the rankings, reaching his first Major quarterfinal at Wimbledon, losing	losing	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In total more than 400 servicemen and civilians escaped. Only 11 NGVR soldiers were among them. Many were	were	AUX	less	ADV	 less
Later that day, the depression passed less than 25 miles (40 km) east of West Palm Beach	Beach	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
While her choice was popular among Democratic activists, polls immediately after the announcement showed that only 22 percent of	of	ADP	women	NOUN	 women
Dravid could not give a definitive answer, saying: " Oh, who knows? " Following indifferent form	form	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The pair parted ways as Chadrasekhar went to the US while Balaraju stayed and built a charitable hospital for local	local	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
The story of their relationship was the subject of the 1997 movie Mrs. Brown. A painting by Sir Edwin	Edwin	PROPN	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
About half of the RNLI's staff work at Poole. Other locations are Dublin, London, Perth,	,	PUNCT	Saltash	PROPN	 Saltash
In June the Marine Corps launched Operation Alljah to secure Fallujah, Karma, Zaidon, and the Tharthar regions	regions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was particularly experimental with the front line, and was willing to use the loan market to bring in	in	ADP	fresh	ADJ	 fresh
Heavy fire was exchanged between the Soviet tanks and two companies of a panzergrenadier battalion on the opposite side of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite the few problems that the game had, GameSpy said that it was worth it to see the humorous	humorous	ADJ	parodies	NOUN	 parodies
This meant The Simpsons was the top scripted show among adults aged 18 – 49 that week. The reception	reception	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Since then, Rosenborg has experienced a significant drop in attendance. The failed Trondheim bid for the 2018 Winter	Winter	PROPN	Olympics	PROPN	 Olympics
He considered Acanthopholididae to be the sister clade to Stegosauridae, and also stated that it might include Hylaeosaurus,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Saar was a province formed from parts of Prussia and the Rhenish Palatinate and placed under League control by the	the	DET	Treaty	PROPN	 Treaty
By the time of the next production, Keep Fit in 1937, Dean had begun to assemble a special	special	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
It's best known for its green and red chile sauce, Colorado burrito, Southwest (Denver) omelette	omelette	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Because Germany had resumed unrestricted submarine warfare again on 1 February, Kroonland was laid up for almost two months	months	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In 1793, following a survey of coastal defences in the southeast, approval was given for the positioning of	of	ADP	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
" The novel began very, very small, and it began with a single image in my head that	that	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Although the brigade was identified as an airborne unit, not all of its subordinate units were airborne qualified —	—	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
Of course, the problem is, Prospero never actually does any magical acts. Only Ariel does. The	The	DET	magic	NOUN	 magic
Unknown to Bakshi, Krantz and producer Al Guest were in the middle of a lawsuit. Failing to reach	reach	VERB	a	DET	 a
After the war, Stewart wrote a history of the New Zealand Division, which was published in 1921 and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
written by Ryohgo Narita and illustrated by Katsumi Enami. Isaac and Miria are a pair of idiotic and eccentric	eccentric	ADJ	lovers	NOUN	 lovers
Picard, Anij, and several Ba ' ku are transported as prisoners onto the Son ' a ship.	.	PUNCT	Picard	PROPN	 Picard
Cubitt planned and commanded a series of operations through the winter of 1914 15, destroying several Dervish forts.	.	PUNCT	Shortly	ADV	 Shortly
The harbour silted up and fell into disrepair so that in 1604 James I withdrew the town's charter.	.	PUNCT	Control	PROPN	 Control
After turning himself in a day later, Kiep declared during his interrogation that he had accepted the money,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
It spent most of its time retreating and fuel withdrawing in the face of Luftwaffe attacks. The German planners	planners	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The stones, as smooth as polished marble, were laid without mortar with very tight joints that are sometimes	sometimes	ADV	hard	ADJ	 hard
In Re Lim Chor Pee, ex parte Law Society of Singapore (1986), the Court of Appeal	Appeal	PROPN	endorsed	VERB	 endorsed
Benchley had continued to receive positive responses from his performing, and in 1925 he accepted a standing invitation from	from	ADP	film	NOUN	 film
The final score was 31 – 14. Graham twisted his knee in the fourth quarter, and Edgar Jones	Jones	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The history of breweries in the 21st century has been one of larger breweries absorbing smaller breweries in order to	to	PART	ensure	VERB	 ensure
It lists " attaining full independence of the country " as a political goal. On 2 June 2005,	,	PUNCT	Samir	PROPN	 Samir
Postumus Agrippa was murdered at his place of exile either shortly before or after the death of Augustus. On	On	ADP	19	NUM	 19
An election for the new post was held on 15 November 2012, and Independent candidate George Ferguson became Mayor	Mayor	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Allemand was ordered to cruise off the southern coast of Cornwall, awaiting the combined fleets of Villeneuve and Ganteaume	Ganteaume	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In ctenophores, bioluminescence is caused by the activation of calcium activated proteins named photoproteins in cells called photocytes,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Set in a universe filled with bio mechanical beings allied with classical element themed tribes, the story follows two	two	NUM	friends	NOUN	 friends
Although Beebe's research at Caripito was productive, he felt that the extremity of its wet dry cycle made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
" What's My Name? ", which features guest vocals by Canadian recording artist Drake, was released	released	VERB	as	ADP	 as
One account of a bigeye sand tiger that had been caught alive noted that it behaved very aggressively, thrashing	thrashing	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
A south porch was built in 1621 at the behest of Dr Robert Burton, whose arms are carved in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Because of the commercial success of his Autobiography, published in 1947, and the immediate commissioning of a second	second	ADJ	autobiographical	ADJ	 autobiographical
It shows various contestants performing their part in front of a plain black background, then shows the 12 finalists	finalists	NOUN	together	ADV	 together
His book The Truth Vibrations, inspired by his experience in Peru, was published in May 1991, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
On 22 November, Paul Higgins, the group's tour manager who has been with them since its formation	formation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He pointed out that " most subjects need time for evolution and personal growths, before their stories are ripe	ripe	ADJ	enough	ADV	 enough
" Despite his illnesses, he continued to travel to England in the 1990s to watch cricket and meet up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
In some cases, traffickers run " orphanages " or " care facilities " for children that are difficult to	to	PART	distinguish	VERB	 distinguish
Russell engaged in significant global publishing efforts during his ministry, and by 1912, he was the most distributed	distributed	VERB	Christian	ADJ	 Christian
The state highway crosses Deer Creek and passes the access road to the Gladden Farm before leaving the state park	park	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They had originally intended to call themselves the " Women's Improvising Group ", but at their first engagement	engagement	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
Critics analysed the depiction of social issues, the use of popular music, and the relevance of the series	series	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The feud ended after Helms defeated him to retain the title at Armageddon in December 2006. In 2007,	,	PUNCT	Helms	PROPN	 Helms
On October 29, 1945, noting that a blue discharge meant the veteran had not been convicted and yet	yet	ADV	had	AUX	 had
Sheet Harbour was the first community in North America to use a lime doser, which sprays limestone in to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Whedon allowed some shots to last far longer than is common in a television episode; this cinematic technique allowed	allowed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The cathedral is listed as a heritage building in the Russian Federation, and is a protected monument. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
The grasshopper mouse from dry regions of North America feeds on insects, scorpions, other small mice and only	only	ADV	a	DET	 a
" As a teen she took part in the Rhenish Carnival and the Largest Fair on the Rhine (Große	Große	PROPN	Rheinkirmes	PROPN	 Rheinkirmes
The game was released to positive reviews; praise was given to the game's graphics and gameplay. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Each day's singing begins and is most intense just before sunrise. The male may sing throughout the day	day	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
For reasons of military secrecy, this result was published only in 1956. Atmospheric curium compounds are poorly soluble	soluble	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
At its most fundamental level, inheritance in organisms occurs by passing discrete heritable units, called genes, from	from	ADP	parents	NOUN	 parents
In 2008, the Associated Press gave Fey the AP Entertainer of the Year award for her satirical portrayal of	of	ADP	Republican	ADJ	 Republican
Storm flooding closed several highways, including Delaware Route 1. Damage was heaviest in Sussex County, although the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
It stars Clint Eastwood, Fred Ward, and Jack Thibeau as Frank Morris, John Anglin, and Clarence	Clarence	PROPN	Anglin	PROPN	 Anglin
In September 1901, Wacht was accidentally rammed by the ironclad SMS Sachsen during the annual fleet maneuvers. The	The	DET	collision	NOUN	 collision
Before the storm hit the Cuban mainland, it produced wind gusts to 40 mph (65 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Given the success students had as early as 1953 in continuing their education after earning a degree from the Extension	Extension	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
(Stockhausen Texte, 1: 153) In 1968, the West German government invited Stockhausen to collaborate on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The French rear ships were no less idle, with Entreprenant and Pelletier firing at any British ships in range	range	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush described " Don't Wake Me Up " as a " fist pumping club jam "	"	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It was also significant in implying that Rylands was not an independent tort, something later concluded in the Transco	Transco	PROPN	case	NOUN	 case
As Gleason told the story, the key insight of his proof was to apply the fact that monotonic functions	functions	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
" Little Green Men " was, at the time, the highest rated episode of The X Files to	to	PART	air	VERB	 air
Sports journalists have articulated the idea with increasing frequency that fighting adds nothing to the sport and should be banned	banned	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
If a sequence <formula> of tilings of a surface is conformal (<formula>) in the	the	DET	above	ADJ	 above
The additional capital raised by the corporation was used to purchase more land and to build larger refrigeration facilities and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The Shawnee in ambuscade surrendered to McDonald in exchange for peace. McDonald's forces continued their march onto the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The approximate height measurements are not provided by the Register. Large, six over six paned windows are located	located	VERB	in	ADP	 in
For example, Haraldr Guðrøðarson is depicted as a usurper and tyrant, in contrast to the legitimate kingship of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Coincidentally, Newman's uncle Lionel worked on Hello, Dolly! Newman travelled to London to compose the end	end	NOUN	credits	NOUN	 credits
Furthermore, they had also obtained the gold medal at the previous World Championships, just two years before the	the	DET	Olympiad	PROPN	 Olympiad
A life cycle study of one beer brand, including grain production, brewing, bottling, distribution and waste	waste	NOUN	management	NOUN	 management
Determined to look for a colony for himself and inspired by recent reports from central Africa, Leopold began patronizing	patronizing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Between 1912 and 1913, together with Garegin Nzhdeh, Andranik led a few hundred Armenian volunteers within the Bulgarian	Bulgarian	ADJ	army	NOUN	 army
On 7 June 2007, German club Bayern Munich announced that they had reached an agreement with Marseille for the	the	DET	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
Foster argued that Amphicoelias is probably the senior synonym of Diplodocus, and that if further research bears this out	out	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Other names such as " stouts " refer to the wide bodies of the insects and " dun flies "	"	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Ending eighty years of peace between the two states, the powerful Bulgarian tsar Simeon I invaded in 894 but	but	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Film critic Naman Ramachandran called it " one of the all time great comedies of Tamil cinema ". Sify	Sify	VERB	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The AI was considered to be insufficient for the game; pathfinding failures meant allies would become stuck on environmental	environmental	ADJ	objects	NOUN	 objects
Poppaea believes Agrippina. When Claudius arrives at Poppaea's house she denounces what she believes is Otho's treachery	treachery	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1937, Naismith played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball, which later	later	ADV	became	VERB	 became
During initial approach, the radio altimeter warning had been activated several times, which indicated less than 750 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Two songs from the album were made into music videos. The first music video was the lead single "	"	PUNCT	Y	PROPN	 Y
With this decision, however, came the issue of reconstructing key sets that were used in the first film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Johnson spent the rest of his time studying, even over the Christmas vacation. He drafted a " plan	plan	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Boganda is not only considered the hero and father of his nation but also as one of the great leaders	leaders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The storm weakened further into a post tropical cyclone on May 31, before emerging off the coast while moving	moving	VERB	generally	ADV	 generally
(2009 – 2011) and Shrek the Musical (2011 – 2013). Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	Factory	PROPN	the	DET	 the
While the central Song court remained politically divided and focused upon its internal affairs, alarming new events to the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
The club's response was to redevelop three sides of the ground with entirely new all seater stands created –	–	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
They awaken their Persona abilities, realizing that the murders stem from attacks by Shadows, beings native to the	the	DET	TV	NOUN	 TV
The Reagan Carrier Strike Group performed humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations in the Philippines in June 2008 after Typhoon	Typhoon	PROPN	Fengshen	PROPN	 Fengshen
He had already been forced to sever his own nerve cords, but had attached cybernetic tentacles to the tips	tips	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As time passed the mystification deepened and the legends became more distant from the actual events during his rule.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Beyond this, within five billion years or so Mars's eccentricity may grow to around 0.2, such that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Between the two windows on the church's north elevation is an exterior concrete block chimney. The layout of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Howard explained that this was " because Cher is very exotic and Gothic looking, " continuing that the singer	singer	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
AE2 cruised the Sea of Marmara for five days to give the impression of greater numbers and made several attacks	attacks	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
He passed Jeff Reardon (367) and Hall of Famer Dennis Eckersley (390) to end the season	season	NOUN	third	ADV	 third
Morales came to an agreement with David Añez Pedraza, the leader of a defunct yet still registered party named	named	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The churchyard's stone wall and the sundial have both been given listed building status, at the lower	lower	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
While wind damage was minimal, the heavy flooding left many roads across the state under water. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" He added, " It's surprisingly cerebral and arty music for a band courting mainstream metal audiences.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Elaborate geometric zellige tilework is a distinctive element in Moroccan architecture. Muqarnas vaults are three dimensional but were designed	designed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" The author does not conceal her dislike for some much used herbs: sage " deadens the food with	with	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Two years later he established a capital city, Shangjing (上京), which imitated the model of a	a	DET	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
Prices for gambier plunged between 1905 and 1906, and many Kangchu abandoned gambier in favour of rubber. Further	Further	ADJ	decline	NOUN	 decline
To gain entry into the University to study primary or secondary education, students must not only meet the University	University	PROPN	's	PART	's
Danny also dropped torrential amounts of rain in Louisiana, peaking at 11.40 in (290 mm) in Buras	Buras	PROPN	Triumph	PROPN	 Triumph
The 15 year old King fell seriously ill in February 1553. His sister Mary was invited to visit him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
At the far end of the lake complex was the South Mere, 2.25 acres (1 ha) in	in	ADP	size	NOUN	 size
During the Umayyad period Palmyra was mainly inhabited by the Kalb tribe. Benjamin of Tudela recorded the existence of	of	ADP	2,000	NUM	 2,000
" The author observed that " In two minutes and 19 seconds, [the song] gets across just	just	ADV	how	SCONJ	 how
Major General J. Lawton Collins — commander of the 25th Division — assigned his 35th Infantry Regiment to clear the	the	DET	Gifu	PROPN	 Gifu
Manager Francis said: Jerry knows what the situation is. I think he's done very well for us	us	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
This name is used by both the English language and Malay language press in Singapore. Malaysia formerly referred to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
No longer was the Tribune to be a strong abolitionist paper dedicated to a complete Union victory. The new	new	ADJ	editorial	NOUN	 editorial
" On March 5, 2009 at the O2 Arena, Jackson announced that he was to perform 10 concerts	concerts	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
He was charged, along with other members of the EBS, with " unlawfully and willfully altering, defacing	defacing	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
In 2006, a related copper penannular brooch dating to the 5th or 6th century AD was found in a	a	DET	spring	NOUN	 spring
They must truly be Malayans, and they will have the same rights and privileges as the Malays. "	"	PUNCT	Not	PART	 Not
In a 2007 interview, he said that he was not a fan of Cold Feet — decrying the depiction	depiction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In his 1933 Bakerian Lecture, Chadwick estimated that a neutron had a mass of about 1.0067 u. Since a	a	DET	proton	NOUN	 proton
Members of the Oregon, Illinois Woman's Council started the process by lobbying the Illinois legislature to set aside	aside	ADP	White	PROPN	 White
" Kelly and The Stormwater Boys recorded it in a bluegrass style as the title track for the 2005 album	album	NOUN	Foggy	PROPN	 Foggy
Miller's abilities as an all rounder led to enormous success as both batsman and bowler. The ICC player	player	NOUN	rankings	NOUN	 rankings
In his " middle " compositional period after 1901, a change of direction led him to produce three purely	purely	ADV	instrumental	ADJ	 instrumental
Three Rivers Stadium, the Pirates ' home at the time, had been designed for functionality rather than "	"	PUNCT	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
In 1884, she made her professional début as Bella Delmere; she changed her stage name to Marie Lloyd	Lloyd	PROPN	the	DET	 the
For his effort, he won the ' Best Male Solo Artist ' award at the 14th Mnet Asian Music	Music	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
Timberlake performed " Cry Me a River " for the first time at the 13th annual Billboard Music Awards,	,	PUNCT	held	VERB	 held
The series returned for a third season, dropping the Nancy Drew character completely and shortening its title to The	The	DET	Hardy	PROPN	 Hardy
The tower is in an " L " shape with two parallel tracks. When the ride opened, the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
There were three attempts to keep minke whales in captivity in Japan. They were kept in a tidal pool	pool	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
They wanted to produce Treehouse of Horror episodes, episodes about Sideshow Bob, Itchy & Scratchy and several "	"	PUNCT	format	NOUN	 format
The high thermal conductivity of diamond makes it suitable as a heat sink for integrated circuits in electronics. Approximately	Approximately	ADV	130,000,000	NUM	 130,000,000
In 2008, the band began working on additional material, which resulted in two EPs entitled Down IV –	–	PUNCT	Part	PROPN	 Part
In this way, it has much in common with the 1964 65 New York World's Fair. In	In	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
My Worlds Acoustic was released to iTunes, on February 8, 2011. According to Bieber, he wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
The dichotomy between permanent inhabitants and guests reappears several times, notably in the hotel's motto, " A	A	DET	day	NOUN	 day
This was then erased from the mix during post production. In addition, the set was actually two bedrooms	bedrooms	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the World Championship, he reached the quarter finals, but fell victim to the so called " Crucible	Crucible	PROPN	Curse	PROPN	 Curse
The I SS Panzer Corps commander Sepp Dietrich, ordered his only reserve Schwere SS Panzer Abteilung 101, to	to	PART	move	VERB	 move
In the early 19th century Alexander, 10th Duke of Hamilton (1767 – 1852) embarked on a programme	programme	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The track became their first charting single in Korea since their 2011 single " Laser Beam / Kasuka na Kaori	Kaori	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In Smash Hits, the players are challenged by the " God of Rock " to play at venues at	at	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
The dip of the rock was also steep both on upstream and downstream side of the flat base. Bank	Bank	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
The E 8 group estimated the muzzle velocity of the gun at around 3,000 feet per second (910 m	m	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
United opened the 1969 – 70 campaign by winning the Charity Shield with a 2 – 1 win over Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
Attendances began to fall towards the end of the 1960s; this trend continued through the 1970s, though the	the	DET	decade	NOUN	 decade
Bradman rested Miller for the next game against Oxford University, which Australia won by an innings. In the	the	DET	lead	NOUN	 lead
Others brought national elements to their style: Spain's Triana introduced flamenco elements, groups such as the Swedish	Swedish	PROPN	Samla	PROPN	 Samla
Other critics were less positive. The Herald Sun's head reviewer Leigh Paatsch gave the film no stars,	,	PUNCT	claiming	VERB	 claiming
Following decontamination and the institution of supportive measures, the next priority is inhibition of further ethylene glycol metabolism using	using	VERB	antidotes	NOUN	 antidotes
They are often used in gourmet dishes. Certain types of cheeses require inoculation of milk curds with fungal species	species	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" The performance featured dance routines and dancers wearing " torture bags labelled the words ' Freak ' and '	'	PUNCT	Queen	NOUN	 Queen
Lord Claud Hamilton, MP, Chairman of the Great Eastern Railway, denounced the execution as " sheer,	,	PUNCT	brutal	ADJ	 brutal
Eventually it crash landed at Leaves Green in Kent after being shot down by No. 111 Squadron Hurricanes.	.	PUNCT	Roth	PROPN	 Roth
On championship night, the team members — except for Karofsky — relent just before the half time show,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The breed standard does not recognise a Parson Russell with a curly or rough coat. There is a clear	clear	ADJ	outline	NOUN	 outline
The money represented the bulk of the K Foundation's funds, earned by Drummond and Cauty as The KLF	KLF	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The French Navy by contrast was riven with the same social divisions that had divided France in the aftermath of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2001 – 2003 an improved multistep procedure was developed using a succinylated derivative of desferrioxamine B (N sucDf	sucDf	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Wagga Wagga is the seat of a Roman Catholic diocese, with its principal church being St Michael's Cathedral	Cathedral	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Although the terms nōgaku and Noh are sometimes used interchangeably, nōgaku encompasses both Noh and kyōgen. Kyōgen is	is	AUX	performed	VERB	 performed
Tossell stated that " without a doubt ", Nintendo strengthened their relationship through trust and respect, despite Nintendo	Nintendo	PROPN	only	ADV	 only
The specific initiative of those executions is controversial. Chilean historian Vicuña Mackenna indicts San Martín, while J. C.	C.	PROPN	Raffo	PROPN	 Raffo
A bike path also surrounds the lake, and riding, walking or jogging around the lake are a popular	popular	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
Epaminondas, supported by Pelopidas and the Arcadians, then persuaded the other Boeotarchs to invade Laconia itself. Moving	Moving	VERB	south	ADV	 south
Some objects in this second list were more likely eventually to be adopted as ' planets ' than others.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
I'd say we've got about half the music done, though I shouldn't say halfway because who	who	PRON	knows	VERB	 knows
Minnesota's location in the Upper Midwest allows it to experience some of the widest variety of weather in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
But, working with the FBI, the Select Committee electrified the nation when on February 22, 1957,	,	PUNCT	wiretaps	NOUN	 wiretaps
In addition, The Office was the highest rated NBC television program on the night it aired. IGN writer	writer	NOUN	Cindy	PROPN	 Cindy
On board, Shadow shows Eggman a superweapon known as the Eclipse Cannon, also created by Gerald Robotnik.	.	PUNCT	Shadow	PROPN	 Shadow
Critics focussed on Moore's age: The Washington Post said " Moore isn't just long in the tooth	tooth	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Among viewers between ages 18 and 49, it received a 1.8 rating / 10 share. This means that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Born in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, Du Bois grew up in a relatively tolerant and integrated community. After	After	ADP	completing	VERB	 completing
One week later, on October 24, the charges were dropped. Khánh then gave Đức and Phát two	two	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Snake Pass has also been closed for longer periods owing to subsidence in the local area following rain. In	In	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
" Mind's Eye " marked the rare television appearance of Taylor, who primarily worked on well regarded independent	independent	ADJ	films	NOUN	 films
" In 1999, Finch flew to Rwanda to help launch a new radio soap called Urunana, a programme	programme	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
On 30 June 2015, Lewis released a three minute teaser video with snippets of " I Am ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
A number of sports personalities portray themselves. Jim Lampley, Larry Merchant, and Max Kellerman comprise the ringside	ringside	ADJ	broadcast	NOUN	 broadcast
The Han regained its influence over the Turpan Depression after defeating the Xiongnu at the Battle of Jushi in 67	67	NUM	BCE	PROPN	 BCE
Michael makes jokes about feeling like a human juice box, describing himself as " Type O Cean Spray "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His decision to attend Michigan rather than Ohio State was influenced by family ties, including Bob Chappuis, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Von Neumann did some of his best work in noisy, chaotic environments, and once admonished his wife for	for	ADP	preparing	VERB	 preparing
Whenever I felt I was at the end of my rope, something would come up. Something bad.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
This piece failed to impress the judges, who awarded the prize to Adrien Barthe, the only other entrant	entrant	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Oh, I'd relieve all right, plenty of times, but I went right from the bench to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
With a ridge of high pressure to its north, the depression tracked westward. Favorable conditions persisted for several	several	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
The next night on Raw, Orton defeated Batista to become the number one contender to the title at the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Corgan presents himself as one of the last true believers: someone for whom spewing out this much music results	results	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 2007, a sequel to Final Fantasy Tactics Advance was released for the Nintendo DS as part of the	the	DET	Ivalice	PROPN	 Ivalice
The University Church of St Mary the Virgin was used for university ceremonies before the construction of the Sheldonian.	.	PUNCT	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
Some types of abortion in sheep are preventable by vaccinations against these infections. In the case of any such	such	ADJ	problems	NOUN	 problems
The lyrics, which address the value of female friendship over the heterosexual bond, became an iconic symbol of	of	ADP	female	ADJ	 female
" Of the foreign critics who did not care for his music, Eduard Hanslick lambasted the Violin Concerto as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It reached the two million sales mark week ending December 27, 2009 in the US. Its highest charting	charting	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The reviewer opined, " The main aim of the film is to attach gods. Along with that,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It stars Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Carolyn Lawrence, and Mr. Lawrence	Lawrence	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Church of England also retains the right to draft legislative measures (related to religious administration) through the	the	DET	General	PROPN	 General
McKinley was of the view that equality of opportunity for American trade in China was key to success there,	,	PUNCT	rather	ADV	 rather
Hsin is brought to the hospital and his daughter is placed on an organ donor list. Chao disappears,	,	PUNCT	awakening	VERB	 awakening
Jonze explained, " [Kaufman] said he wanted to try to write everything he was thinking about in	in	ADP	that	DET	 that
" National Public Radio's pop culture correspondent Linda Holmes noted that CBS officially disavowing such statements while allowing them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
In an article for Al Jazeera in June 2012, he wrote, " Pan Afghan parties don ’ t	t	NOUN	exist	VERB	 exist
Former Creem critic Richard Riegel included " Savoy Truffle " on his 1996 list of the ten most underrated Beatles	Beatles	NOUN	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Fernando José da Costa, the prior mayor, now serves as a member of the city council of Loures	Loures	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The A.V. Club's Zack Halden evoked similar sentiments; " ' Nebraska ' doesn ’ t entirely rectify this	this	DET	concern	NOUN	 concern
These reports ' main objectives were to accelerate the reform process and strengthen the socialist oriented market economy. The	The	DET	congress	NOUN	 congress
Crews also form for other reasons such as theme (Jabbawockeez), gender (ReQuest Dance Crew),	,	PUNCT	ethnicity	NOUN	 ethnicity
In November 1970, after a second audition with Caryl fell through, Dave Stopps, owner of Friars club	club	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Treaty of Trianon was signed in 1920, at the end of World War I, between the Allies	Allies	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
But no one ever calls on me to ' broadcast ' or do a postscript. Yet I suppose I	I	PRON	know	VERB	 know
Six players, Gordon Turner, Andy Rennie, Brian Stein, Ernie Simms, Herbert Moody and Steve Howard	Howard	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
UB 8 was ordered in October 1914 and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the western fringe of Macedonia, which is now part of Albania, Jovan Vladimir was remembered as a	a	DET	saintly	ADJ	 saintly
In 1688, the members of the community organized the unsuccessful Chiprovtsi Uprising against the Ottoman rule of Bulgaria.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The immediate effect on the battalion was significant, with its personnel dropping from around 1,000 to approximately 200,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Little is known of William's background or family, except that his father Godwin held land in Shipbourne,	,	PUNCT	near	ADP	 near
In the NME, Tony Tyler began his review by stating that he had long idolised Harrison as " the	the	DET	finest	ADJ	 finest
Due to an injury to Roethlisberger, Byron Leftwich took over as quarterback in the second half. Leftwich completed	completed	VERB	a	DET	 a
As an eyewitness, the autobiographer brings the historian into contact with almost all kinds of slaves. When the	the	DET	autobiographies	NOUN	 autobiographies
On the night of April 23, 1874, hired thieves opened the safe, using an explosive to make	make	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In 1689, the English allied Iroquois attacked Lachine on the Island of Montreal, committing the worst massacre in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The line was to extend to Rosebery and Waterloo, with ten stations, linking with the Illawarra Line near	near	ADP	Erskineville	PROPN	 Erskineville
It was recorded in two weeks at several locations in London and Kent during 2008 and was produced by Jacknife	Jacknife	PROPN	Lee	PROPN	 Lee
" Walton's first work for full orchestra, Portsmouth Point (1925), inspired by a Rowlandson print	print	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Think of it as a music game with a guitar peripheral, but pretend that nothing else has ever been	been	AUX	done	VERB	 done
Writers and poets devoted works to him, or used him or his works as inspiration. Painters created works	works	NOUN	inspired	VERB	 inspired
From January until November 1903, McCay drew an ongoing proto comic strip for the Enquirer based on poems written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The exact composition may be determined by spectroscopic studies. Abundances are generally expressed relative to hydrogen, the most	most	ADV	abundant	ADJ	 abundant
The ramp from southbound I 95 to southbound DE 1 / DE 7 opened on August 27, 2013 and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
On 23 April 2011, he made his second consecutive start in the final of the Coupe de la Ligue	Ligue	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The overall deception plan was successful, and affected the German response to the Allied invasion. The phantom division	division	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As a result, the investigator terminated the questioning and the store manager asked Collins to keep the inquiry private	private	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
This is most apparent in the wedding banquet scene, which includes a midget, a hunchback, a woman	woman	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The overall length of the church was 120 feet (36.6 m), and the breadth of the west	west	ADJ	front	NOUN	 front
While Hanuman leaves for Ayodhya with Rama, Trijata gives birth to his son Hanuman Tegangga (Asurapada).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The front teeth meet evenly, the upper lip is usually longer than the lower, and the nostrils are	are	AUX	small	ADJ	 small
The Commission subsequently published terms of reference for three ILUC modeling exercises: one using a General Equilibrium model;	;	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
The train then rises up into a banked turn to the left. Riders then go through two hills next	next	ADV	to	ADP	 to
About the new costume, Webb explained that he and the crew " wanted a design that would make the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
When he played against the Los Angeles Clippers on 30 November 2001, he became the third French player to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
For comparison, the figures for hydrogen like bismuth and antimony are expected to be 1.25 and 1.077 respectively.	.	PUNCT	Ununpentium	NOUN	 Ununpentium
The two existing episodes are the oldest surviving examples of a multi episodic British drama production, and some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He is known for playing in the style of an agitator and for his ascension to the NHL from being	being	AUX	an	DET	 an
In 1879, Black and other citizens of Barbourville purchased stock to fund the start up of a new college	college	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
... In a world with hotshots like Lady Gaga, legends like U2, and even Jay Z and Kanye	Kanye	PROPN	West	PROPN	 West
As the price of gold began to rise, Grant became suspicious of gold manipulation and wrote a letter to	to	ADP	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
The ground was made all seated by the installation of bucket seats in the East Terrace during 1995. Views	Views	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Chondrostei such as sturgeons also have a swim bladder, but this appears to have evolved separately: other	other	ADJ	Actinopterygii	PROPN	 Actinopterygii
Periodic flooding of these rivers covered the surrounding plains with new muddy sediments, creating the Cloverly Formation and burying	burying	VERB	the	DET	 the
The film is directed by Stephen Sommers, produced by Lorenzo di Bonaventura and co written by Stuart Beattie,	,	PUNCT	based	VERB	 based
The finale, " Rock Show ", received the best reviews of the season. Several commentators declared that	that	SCONJ	Parks	PROPN	 Parks
" Abba Eban with Footnotes ", Journal of Palestine Studies, vol 32. (2003), pp	pp	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Shortly before this publication it was revealed in The Hague that Dutch law enforcement officers succeeded twice in smuggling a	a	DET	firearm	NOUN	 firearm
Some Medics also have the abilities to revive teammates that are incapacitated or killed by the Monster. According to	to	ADP	Evolve	PROPN	 Evolve
She was converted into a crane ship in 1920, renamed Crane Ship No. 1 in 1941, and	and	CCONJ	sold	VERB	 sold
His initial appearance of the 1914 season was in relief on April 17, a game in which he pitched	pitched	VERB	42	NUM	 42
The 12 main episodes and two Air in Summer episodes were licensed for North American distribution by ADV Films.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He criticized the show's lack of continuity, particularly with regard to the Jesse and Rachel storyline. Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	Weekly	PROPN	 Weekly
Another councillor (and chair of the Public Safety Committee), Peter Vallone, Jr. vocally criticized the detoxification	detoxification	NOUN	project	NOUN	 project
Greaves scored twice in the 1962 FA Charity Shield, as Spurs secured the trophy with a 5 – 1	1	NUM	win	NOUN	 win
The sessions for most of the basic tracks for Living in the Material World took place over October and November	November	PROPN	1972	NUM	 1972
Described as an " emotional barnstormer ", the song begins with Egan singing the lyrics " If there's	's	VERB	a	DET	 a
The album was met with mostly positive reviews from critics. J.D. Considine of Entertainment Weekly gave the album a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The " Britannnias ' " footplate was designed around the requirements of the operating crews, with a mock up	up	ADP	being	AUX	 being
He became the 16th head coach in franchise history. His stark, disciplinarian methods contrasted with the lax style	style	NOUN	employed	VERB	 employed
In the far east of its range, the pale crag martin always has lighter underparts than the dusky crag	crag	PROPN	martin	PROPN	 martin
Simultaneously, Navarre had been searching for a way to stop the Viet Minh threat to Laos. Colonel Louis	Louis	PROPN	Berteil	PROPN	 Berteil
Like all actinides, berkelium easily dissolves in various aqueous inorganic acids, liberating gaseous hydrogen and converting into the	the	DET	trivalent	ADJ	 trivalent
A poll of young Russians found that they felt Nicholas II had done more good than harm, and all	all	DET	other	ADJ	 other
The subspecies of the western interior have the darkest upperparts, and eastern S. c. carolinensis has the palest back	back	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
State Route 59 is the main east – west highway, following East and West Main Streets and Haymaker Parkway	Parkway	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was also a member of Australian Television Facilities, and had a hand in the production of drama series	series	NOUN	Silent	PROPN	 Silent
Basarab's descendants ruled Wallachia for at least two centuries. The region of Bessarabia, situated between the rivers	rivers	NOUN	Dniester	PROPN	 Dniester
" Tedder and Clarkson wrote six songs together for inclusion on Clarkson's fourth studio album All I Ever Wanted	Wanted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" Then it was off to the subsequent run market where the double feature prevailed. At the larger local	local	ADJ	venues	NOUN	 venues
He wrote this cantata for the Fourth Sunday after Trinity. The prescribed readings for the Sunday were from the	the	DET	Epistle	PROPN	 Epistle
At least one of the Mercian bishops of Lichfield is known to have exercised authority there: Wynfrith, who	who	PRON	became	VERB	 became
A Pikachu spoof called Ling Ling was a main character in the Comedy Central show Drawn Together. An image	image	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hitler and Braun lived together as husband and wife in the bunker for fewer than 40 hours. By 01	01	NUM	:	SYM	:
The size of the hull was also a problem: a longer hull generally equates to a higher top speed	speed	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His troops, supported by 4th Panzer Army, entered the city on 12 September. Hand to hand combat	combat	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The 27th Battalion was re raised in May 1948, and was once again assigned to the 3rd Division,	,	PUNCT	attached	VERB	 attached
The highest point total was seen during Amelia 1978, when 48 inches (1,218 mm) fell upon central	central	PROPN	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Born in Buitenzorg (now Bogor), West Java, Lie received his formal education in missionary schools and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
Though it was steadily pushed back, South Korean forces increased their resistance further south, hoping to delay North	North	ADJ	Korean	ADJ	 Korean
He also claimed the shooting was perpetrated by Lieutenant General Vahan Shirkhanyan, the Deputy Minister of Defense from 1992	1992	NUM	to	ADP	 to
All the South Vietnamese civilians and the entire U.S. aircrew died in the crash. With the loss of Bucher	Bucher	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As with many people of Scots descent who sought adventure and success at that time, Tod joined the British	British	PROPN	East	PROPN	 East
According to Swiatek and Breen, " the Association... [was] expecting that the collectors who bought 1926	1926	NUM	Philadelphia	PROPN	 Philadelphia
Jeter subsequently had brief stints as a solo wrestler with OVW, Raw, SmackDown, and ECW before being	being	AUX	released	VERB	 released
" During the playoffs, Laich had a five game point streak in the Eastern Conference quarter finals against the	the	DET	Philadelphia	PROPN	 Philadelphia
In 1946, Childe left Edinburgh to take up the position as Director and Professor of European Prehistory at the	the	DET	Institute	PROPN	 Institute
As each scenario and quest is completed or when new quests are available, the game's map is automatically	automatically	ADV	updated	VERB	 updated
When he did finally arrive in Rome, he was treated as the most important guest to the city and	and	CCONJ	given	VERB	 given
The stadium was the eighth stadium to host the event. The first sporting event at the stadium was a	a	DET	double	ADJ	 double
The last through passage was made in 1951 by nb Queen. A group supporting the restoration of the canal	canal	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
In recognition of his performance despite a losing effort, Clemson running back C. J. Spiller was named the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
" Silverman also praised the cast, most notably Yuri's voice actors. EGMnow also gave high praise to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The embryo is essentially fully pigmented by a length of 40 cm (16 in), and has assumed	assumed	VERB	its	PRON	 its
An equivalent compilation wasn't released in the U.S. until November 1972, when The Best of The Byrds:	:	PUNCT	Greatest	PROPN	 Greatest
In the Southern Song, four semi autonomous regional command systems were established based on territorial and military units;	;	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
" Sewanee won by a narrow margin of 11 to 10. As a witness to the game, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Many say they did not have a good high school experience ". Students, who tend to be individualistic	individualistic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The bishop and Calveley had wished to advance into France, but Sir William Elmham, Trivet and some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The story takes place in the afterlife and focuses on Otonashi, a boy who lost his memories of his	his	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
Having moved south to the town of Haleri in northern Coorg in the disguise of a wandering Jangama monk,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Esther Ross, the daughter of an Arizona pioneer family, was given the honors of ship sponsor and christening	christening	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
A day after making an emergency landing at an American base in England, Lamason was introduced to, shook	shook	VERB	hands	NOUN	 hands
The courier leads the agents on a pursuit through the airport, but drops the pouch before escaping. The	The	DET	pouch	NOUN	 pouch
The episode features cultural references to songs such as “ Theme from Shaft ”, “ Gypsies, Tramps &	&	CCONJ	Thieves	PROPN	 Thieves
After a United Nations Security Council meeting on 23 April convened at Georgia's request, the United States,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
' " In 1982, Inseminoid received a minor accolade at the Italian Fantafestival (winning the Best Special Effects	Effects	PROPN	prize	NOUN	 prize
The connection to Manchester was delayed by Sir Richard Brooke of Norton Priory. Concerned that boatmen might poach his	his	PRON	game	NOUN	 game
" Time's James Poniewozik said " while ' Rumours ' had its flaws... the structure allowed the show	show	NOUN	to	PART	 to
She refused to divorce him. The breach between Muriel and Wood also caused his estrangement from their daughters.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In Russia, Elevation was released with an additional song, " O Nas S Toboyu ", which was	was	AUX	recorded	VERB	 recorded
The aircraft would ignite its rocket engine and adopt a trajectory that would take it over the Soviet Union at	at	ADP	speeds	NOUN	 speeds
How upsetting that a man who leaves so much harm in his path is lauded as a comedic genius.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The most ancient polyadenylating enzyme is polynucleotide phosphorylase. This enzyme is part of both the bacterial degradosome and the	the	DET	archaeal	ADJ	 archaeal
The coin was struck every year from 1907 to 1916. During World War I, with gold coins commanding	commanding	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Release " earned a Nielsen household rating of 5.1, meaning that it was seen by 5.1% of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He adopted the mindset that he was " licensed to be an egomaniac ". He often stayed in character	character	NOUN	away	ADV	 away
After research and testing were done to confirm that the Polled Dorset carried the same characteristics as the Horned Dorset	Dorset	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sloth bears break open mounds to consume the nestmates, while chimpanzees have developed tools to " fish " termites	termites	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Vincent at first defied him, and considered moving the family out of the city, but in late 1883	1883	NUM	he	PRON	 he
At the demand of Oliver Cromwell, the Treaty of Westminster, which ended the First Anglo Dutch War,	,	PUNCT	had	VERB	 had
Although producers Arthur Freed and Mervyn LeRoy had wanted her from the start, studio chief Mayer tried first to	to	PART	borrow	VERB	 borrow
The two became associates within New York Republican party circles, eventually rising in the ranks of the conservative branch	branch	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Thus, the British Privy Council, as a whole, ceased to be a body of important confidential advisers	advisers	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Eight sacbe (causeways) have been located around Calakmul. Two of these have been mapped, three have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
This loan deal was extended for a second month in November, but after Foster suffered an ankle injury during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The CH 47Cs had a crew of four, comprising two pilots, a loadmaster and one other, and	and	CCONJ	could	AUX	 could
At the same time, Quakers and others can relate to Fox's religious experience, and even those who	who	PRON	disagree	VERB	 disagree
The book was successful in France, Germany, and the United States, but in the United Kingdom it	it	PRON	failed	VERB	 failed
The National Board of Review named Dallas Buyers Club one of the top ten independent films of 2013. The	The	DET	characters	NOUN	 characters
The last Lexcens were built during 1997. This model was also sold as the VS Commodore Royale in New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
A 2011 survey by Freedom House suggests that living conditions have improved since the power sharing agreement. The United	United	PROPN	Nations	PROPN	 Nations
These particular days, like other festivals, automatically take precedence over any event on the calendar and sometimes even	even	ADV	over	ADP	 over
By now, continuing injury problems were beginning to plague the ageing bowler's body. He took 3 /	/	SYM	95	NUM	 95
The band played their final concert on June 29, at Mile High Stadium in Denver (less than two	two	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
" How Many MC's... " features a sample from Grover Washington, Jr. ' s " Hydra "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
A few months later, on November 1, 1847, the poem Evangeline was published for the first time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his performance. He also appeared in North	North	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The volva is sac like, white and has a smooth surface. The context is white in the stipe	stipe	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The design was based on the American Passaic class monitor, but was modified to suit Russian engines, guns	guns	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 30 May 2010, the trio of Feng Tianwei, Wang Yuegu and Sun Beibei stunned the reigning champions	champions	NOUN	China	PROPN	 China
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle for its children's supplement Le Petit Vingtième, it was	was	AUX	serialised	VERB	 serialised
Both Manchester United and Barcelona were also looking for another Champions League title to cap a season in which they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Lau's family was reported to be under police protection. The ICIJ, which had been participating with Ming	Ming	PROPN	Pao	PROPN	 Pao
The victory was his first since being dropped by the Williams team, which won no races that season.	.	PUNCT	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
Thus, with the departure of Khieu Samphan, the Khmer Rouge ’ s participation in the election seemed doubtful	doubtful	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
This they know, and they'll be back again the two weekends before the race, far from the	the	DET	media	NOUN	 media
Garfield's death in September and Reid's return the following month left Hay again on the outside of political	political	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
The Sovetsky Soyuz class ships were provided with aircraft facilities to handle two to four KOR 2 flying boats which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
On October 16, Michigan was one of five Big Ten schools to begin its season by celebrating Midnight Madness	Madness	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The music of Calling the Wild is straight hard rock and heavy metal, in Doro's words going "	"	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
On 31 May, the ship was sealed and a briefing given to the crew about the upcoming invasion.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
" Through a publication... we would keep the homophile world in touch with the progress of our efforts....	....	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Bottlenose dolphins can live for more than 40 years. Their elongated upper and lower jaws form what is called	called	VERB	a	DET	 a
His play in four exhibition games convinced Flyers ' coach Mike Keenan to call up Hextall to the NHL,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Ocean roughness can be used to estimate wind velocity close to the sea surface over oceans. Geostationary satellite imagery	imagery	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
The rowing correspondent for The Manchester Guardian noted that the Light Blues were " not quite fast enough and are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
The Air Ministry was still opposed to its development on several technical grounds and it took a meeting of the	the	DET	War	PROPN	 War
At the unplanned 15th plenum held 14 – 16 April, which was held due to pressure by Nguyễn Minh	Minh	PROPN	Triết	PROPN	 Triết
After that he took the part of Godfrey Colston in Memento Mori, a television film about a group of	of	ADP	elderly	ADJ	 elderly
It isn't fair that a man who has fallen should be beaten. " Later, Nero summoned the	the	DET	Parthian	ADJ	 Parthian
He believed that the existence of goodness allows evil to exist, through the fault of humans. Augustine also	also	ADV	influenced	VERB	 influenced
Here, Dangić and his men launched several attacks against the forces of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH	NDH	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
A Danny Reece interception of a Bert Jones pass was called back due to a roughing the passer penalty,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The room eventually accommodated 106 representatives from 16 states: the 13 original states as well as the representatives from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
This section was not connected to the rest of NC 102 which had also been extended south of Goldsboro to	to	ADP	Newton	PROPN	 Newton
The region includes two sub AVAs, the Red Hill Douglas County, Oregon AVA, a single vineyard AVA	AVA	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The program is established as an organization by Title 10 of the United States Code and its purposes defined by	by	ADP	Title	PROPN	 Title
These are chunky, bull headed and short tailed birds, blackish blue above with a contrasting white rump,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In February 2010 Mayawati's government approved a plan for a special police force to protect the statues, as	as	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
As part of the project, archaeological investigations were carried out between 1975 and 1979 by Edward Harris. The	The	DET	part	NOUN	 part
Construction started in 1994. An agreement for purchase of sixteen three car electric multiple units was signed with Adtranz	Adtranz	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Since the Big Ten Conference was its own district, this is equivalent to being named second team All Big	Big	ADJ	Ten	NUM	 Ten
Brazilian Dreams received mixed reviews by critics, some praising the performers and the musical selection, and others being	being	AUX	critical	ADJ	 critical
Anna Smith of The News of the World commented on the irony that a drug smuggler was executed by a	a	DET	drug	NOUN	 drug
The Wiggles ' stage shows were full of action and audience participation. By the group's " New Wiggles	Wiggles	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Another biographer John Collis believes that Morrison's style of jazz singing and repeating phrases preclude his lyrics from	from	ADP	being	AUX	 being
" In 1930, scouts Bill Essick of the New York Yankees and Art Griggs of the Pittsburgh Pirates came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Chief of the General Staff was General Antoine Simon Durrieu. The expeditionary corps was made up of nine	nine	NUM	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
Ethel secured a comfortable penthouse apartment in Manhattan's Upper East Side, but Wodehouse was not at ease.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Texas Tech grew slowly in the early years. During the 1930s, Bradford Knapp, the university's second	second	ADJ	president	NOUN	 president
In 1294 Madog ap Llywelyn rebelled against English rule, the first major insurrection since the 1282 campaign. The	The	DET	Welsh	PROPN	 Welsh
The rhyme is thought to refer to the equestrian statue of Charles I (r. 1625 – 49),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
At the end of July, she led the squadron on a cruise to Spanish waters, and while docked	docked	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The two largest of these were equipped with porcelain in runs and plastic landing slops, allowing for their use	use	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
" By the end of the novel, although Jake loves Brett, he appears to undergo a transformation in	in	ADP	Madrid	PROPN	 Madrid
However, the season ends with the revelation that Blair may be pregnant. Amidst the fourth season, the	the	DET	romance	NOUN	 romance
It had a short neck for a sauropod, with thirteen cervical vertebrae. Nearly all rebbachisaurids had relatively short	short	ADJ	necks	NOUN	 necks
" More than 20 years of soccer. What glorious years. Years that all the money in the world	world	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
The effect has been described as a " tour de force of symphonic colourism ", and a high point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Serb rebels, under the leadership of both local Serbs and Montenegrins, attacked police, gendarmerie, Ustaše and	and	CCONJ	Croatian	PROPN	 Croatian
He was a star at Crystal City High School, where he scored 3,068 points in his scholastic career,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
This was the first LMP2 victory in a race since 2003 and the first major result for Porsche since the	the	DET	1998	NUM	 1998
A number of out takes from the Rome sessions were used to assemble new material during these rehearsals, though	though	SCONJ	some	PRON	 some
With the preservation of the area, emphasis shifted from logging to recreation. The Appalachian Mountain Club converted a	a	DET	logging	VERB	 logging
The highest attendance in the Football League was 10,120, for a Third Division North match against Port Vale on	on	ADP	21	NUM	 21
The new realm he forged, encompassing Egypt and Syria as well as the Jazira and Cilicia, and to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The line has standard gauge and a minimum curve radius of 130 meters (430 ft), and is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
One explanation for this decision is that Samsung wanted to minimize the time between its launch and availability. The	The	DET	keynote	ADJ	 keynote
Uncertainty about the sustainability of the restoration of Şahin Giray, however, led to an increase of support for	for	ADP	annexing	VERB	 annexing
The plot was praised by television editor Ru Green as being one of the " better storylines " during an	an	DET	otherwise	ADV	 otherwise
Kongsberg is 1 hour and 20 minutes, and 89 kilometers (55 mi) from Oslo S. Along the	the	DET	East	PROPN	 East
Usually described as the daughter of Prajapati Daksha, Rati is the female counterpart, the chief consort and the	the	DET	assistant	NOUN	 assistant
Tech responded to the loss by reeling off another three wins in succession. That winning streak ended at No	No	NOUN	.	NOUN	.
During the flight test program, unlike the YF 23, weapon firings and high (60°) angle	angle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Stanislaus and Joyce had strained relations throughout the time they lived together in Trieste, with most arguments centring on	on	ADP	Joyce	PROPN	 Joyce
It is composed in the key of A minor with Gaga's vocals spanning from E3 to D5. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The design of the present state flag was officially adopted by the West Virginia Legislature on March 7, 1929	1929	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The skull of a dugong is unique. The skull is enlarged with sharply down turned premaxilla, which are	are	AUX	stronger	ADJ	 stronger
The production of the episode did not require extensive use of Duchovny and Anderson on screen. The former's	's	PART	voice	NOUN	 voice
There were several riots and demonstrations in the provinces, unions opposed the economic policies, and the opposing parties	parties	NOUN	organized	VERB	 organized
Robert acquired many books for his son, particularly on the subject of art history, with Wheeler loving to	to	ADP	both	PRON	 both
He was a key figure in the introduction of the Indian philosophies of Vedanta and Yoga to the Western world	world	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The tension between the suppression of women present in the poetry of the troubadours and similar themes in the	the	DET	poetry	NOUN	 poetry
As of April 30, 2012, the agency owed $7.75 million in back rent, a company spokesperson	spokesperson	NOUN	said	VERB	 said
Cobain agreed to enter drug rehabilitation, but the singer went missing soon afterwards, and on April 8 he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Tongkonan are the center of Torajan social life. The rituals associated with the tongkonan are important expressions of Torajan	Torajan	PROPN	spiritual	ADJ	 spiritual
It was preinstalled on 25th Anniversary PAL region red Wii systems, which were first released in Europe on October	October	PROPN	29	NUM	 29
It was during Rembrandt's Leiden period (1625 – 1631) that Lastman's influence was most prominent.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In contrast, military upgrades in non 4X games are sometimes small enough that technologically basic units remain important throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since the book's publication, a number of works exploring animals in political theory have been published; these	these	DET	works	NOUN	 works
Alain Magnan returns from the Lake and orders Morgan to execute his native allies and Sahin as heathens, but	but	CCONJ	Sahin	PROPN	 Sahin
In addition to warning nearby natives against attacking settlers in the Carolinas, Dobbs also charged Waddell with attempting to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
Kimball subsequently repeated his warning at a BYU campus devotional, stating that there were " too many Pharisees among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
This resulted in a different crew arrangement, with operations being controlled by an observer rather than the pilot,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
The nave and aisles were added 50 years later by Richard Foxe, Bishop of Winchester. The Memorial Chapel	Chapel	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Lennon bought the book, went home, took LSD, and followed the instructions exactly as stated in the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
The coastal trade passed out of Muslim hands into Portuguese hands. In 1550, the Vijayanagara ruler, Sadashiva	Sadashiva	PROPN	Raya	PROPN	 Raya
Another overhaul at Cape Town followed from 10 February to 16 March. By this time, the situation in	in	ADP	East	PROPN	 East
In 1997 General Charles Guthrie became Chief of the Defence Staff the head of the British Armed Forces. Lieutenant	Lieutenant	PROPN	General	PROPN	 General
The release peaked at number 115 on the Billboard 200 in the United States. It received mixed reviews from	from	ADP	critics	NOUN	 critics
As per his contract, Webber started the year in Melbourne with Red Bull Racing. He recorded top six	six	NUM	lap	NOUN	 lap
Earp's actions did not resolve the dispute, which eventually escalated into the " Pot Ash Wars " of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
I took it. I was broke. " The film gained approval from the Federal Bureau of Narcotics to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
The Downpatrick runestone monument marking the site was erected in March 2003 to mark the 900th anniversary of his death	death	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The lower Rogue passes through the Southern Oregon Coast Range, where forests include Douglas fir, western hemlock,	,	PUNCT	tanoak	NOUN	 tanoak
It was 380 mm (15 in) over the rear magazine. The belt armor was carried forward of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Five time champion Eddy Merckx believed the route to be " decapitated. " The Giro began with a 1	1	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
There he met a woman named Christiana Chinwe (Christie) Okoli, who had grown up in the area	area	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the 15th century the French kings continued to face threats both from the English and from the rival factions	factions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Seizures are treated with anticonvulsants. Hydrocephalus (obstructed flow of CSF) may require insertion of a temporary or	or	CCONJ	long	ADJ	 long
At the same time, Jardine held positions of increasing influence in India. He was Perry Professor of Jurisprudence	Jurisprudence	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Palace once again could not maintain their seat at the top table, however, and again dropped down a	a	DET	division	NOUN	 division
Designed by architect Hugh Taylor and interior design by Jac Lessman, it was the fifth resort to open on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Writing in the January 1840 issue of Knickerbocker, he openly endorsed copyright legislation pending in the U.S. Congress.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Homer and Gibson begin work on the film while the rest of the family explores Hollywood, where they encounter	encounter	VERB	celebrities	NOUN	 celebrities
An 1801 map produced by George Langlands identified nine villages: Kilmory to the north at the head of Glen	Glen	PROPN	Kilmory	PROPN	 Kilmory
In 2003, on Australia Day (26 January), Morris became an Australian citizen and in 2010 she	she	PRON	received	VERB	 received
In 1933, H.D. traveled to Vienna to undergo analysis with Sigmund Freud. She had an interest in Freud	Freud	PROPN	's	PART	's
He had joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve in 1941, and was serving at Combined Operations Headquarters. They	They	PRON	married	VERB	 married
" In October 1987, encouraged by Senator Phil Gramm of Texas, McEwen announced he would challenge Senator Howard	Howard	PROPN	M.	PROPN	 M.
For his work on the expedition, Ninnis was awarded the Arctic Medal, and promoted to Fleet Surgeon.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
JG 11 was tasked with Reichsverteidigung (Defense of the Reich), and despite officially being banned from flying	flying	VERB	operational	ADJ	 operational
Elvis Mitchell from The New York Times mentioned the visual similarities between David Dunn on patrol in his poncho and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the news reached the French authorities currently in control of Syria, the report was investigated, and digging	digging	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Shaw's image in this scene was replaced with that of Christensen in the 2004 release. This last attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
At the end of World War I the Dutch prime minister did acknowledge the high quality of Muller's work	work	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
At its peak, the line to pass by Nixon's casket was three miles long with an estimated 42,000	42,000	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
On the flight back from Armenia in 2011, after each receiving the Armenian Presidential medal of Honour, Gillan	Gillan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Meanwhile, to distract Chris from the Army, Peter takes him to look at extracurricular activities at his school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The money was provided from the royal stannaries of Cornwall. A contemporary poem tells of a vow made by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The range in eastern Africa has reduced to 6% of its original range, so that presently it is	is	AUX	distributed	VERB	 distributed
" Her position remained uncertain. The Daily Telegraph's Alan Cochrane wrote that many Labour MPs in Scotland feared	feared	VERB	losing	VERB	 losing
On her way to the Raccoon City Police Department, Jill runs into fellow team member Brad Vickers, who	who	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Oxidative phosphorylation works by using energy releasing chemical reactions to drive energy requiring reactions: The two sets of reactions	reactions	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Roman administration collapsed at the beginning of the 5th century and nothing has been found at the site that is	is	AUX	datable	ADJ	 datable
A conference by Namco on June 9, 2003 revealed the game will be on two disks and its theme	theme	NOUN	song	NOUN	 song
Plug in hybrids eliminate the problem of range anxiety associated to all electric vehicles, because the combustion engine works	works	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Kota attacks the figure, but is driven back and force pushed over the edge with numerous troops. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
England declared on the last morning of the game, setting Australia a world record 404 runs to win in	in	ADP	only	ADV	 only
General Freyberg's 2nd New Zealand Division was given the task of defending the coastal pass, while Mackay's	's	PART	6th	ADJ	 6th
At the same time, Henry and his descendants normally followed the will of the courts, despite the fact	fact	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
On election night, it was thought that Playford's long tenure was over, but he did not concede	concede	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Because the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway (M & GNJR) line approached Cromer from the west,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
The cenotaph outside the town hall was designed by Ashton upon Mersey sculptor Arthur Sherwood Edwards and is a Grade	Grade	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
He previously played for the St. Louis Cardinals, where he received three National League (NL) MVP awards	awards	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In fact, the narrator is never named in the novel, suggesting, as one critic explains, "	"	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphracts, formidable heavily armored cavalry that were clad in mail armor and armed with	with	ADP	lances	NOUN	 lances
Norwich had qualified for a place in the UEFA Cup, but were denied their first foray into European competition	competition	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
Matthew Paris, a Benedictine monk and cartographer, drew a map in this manner in the mid thirteenth century	century	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Turks were on the run and the Aus. Div. was after them. We could see the	the	DET	horses	NOUN	 horses
Therefore, I must point out that it is altogether different from fear and similar concepts that refer to something	something	PRON	definite	ADJ	 definite
The Wallingford, Mount Baker, and Crown Hill neighborhoods are technically located on hills as well. Many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" She often described herself as a " loner " and a " depressed teenager ". Her only extracurricular	extracurricular	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
Team Saxo Bank's Chris Anker Sørensen won stage 8 on Monte Terminillo after figuring into a morning breakaway,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Peel's wife died in 1933. Peel lived until 1941, when he died at the house of his	his	PRON	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
The X Files ends when Mulder is secretly subjected to a military tribunal for breaking into a Top Secret military	military	ADJ	facility	NOUN	 facility
The act also required that the dies be destroyed after the coining was done, something numismatists Anthony Swiatek and	and	CCONJ	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
Jesus is arrested for his illegal prank and is sent to jail. Peter is asked by Jesus to bail	bail	VERB	him	PRON	 him
In one game in January 2008, Neilson came off the bench to score four goals for Ware against Tilbury	Tilbury	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Johnson: I would not mislead people. Shand: You did, didn't you — the state bodies	bodies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Srihari was cast in his role in the film in early April 2008. Kim Sharma was selected to perform	perform	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Through an overheard split, Shep is shown to be reminiscing about the party. The next scene shows Shep	Shep	PROPN	back	ADV	 back
In 1913, official rules for Shrine priests — Kankokuheisha ika jinja shinshoku hömu kisoku (官国幣社以下神社神 職奉務規則) —	—	PUNCT	specifically	ADV	 specifically
" In the Sunday Gazette Mail, Chris Vognar called the book " chilling, doggedly reported and researched "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Nazi Party was banned in Austria around the same time. These events were factors in Eichmann's decision	decision	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Eventually, Lieutenant Colonel J. V. B. Jervis Reid, head of Ops (B), spotted a photograph	photograph	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" He explained that the process was for the three of them to pitch stories together and work on fleshing	fleshing	VERB	them	PRON	 them
McMahon began dating Paul Levesque, better known as Triple H, in 2000 during their scripted romance. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having defeated Oxford by three lengths in the previous year's	's	PART	race	NOUN	 race
The Crusade gave him a further opportunity, which he took after the Siege of Antioch, taking possession of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Forty percent of the students stay at least two hours after school for rehearsals, private lessons, and productions	productions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Antón noted that modern animals like the hippopotamus are able to achieve a wide gap without tearing tissue by the	the	DET	moderate	ADJ	 moderate
John Knox linked it with the Romantic works of Walter Scott and was one of the first artists to take	take	VERB	an	DET	 an
Towards the end of 1894, encouraged by the positive reception of the editing of her husband's autobiography,	,	PUNCT	Lady	PROPN	 Lady
In 2013 Hannigan contributed vocals to the soundtrack for Alfonso Cuarón's film Gravity. In 2014 Hannigan provided vocals	vocals	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Generally, fans reacted with confusion as to why the short existed. Bill Oakley and several other writers loved	loved	VERB	the	DET	 the
A new gun battery was built at the fort during the Napoleonic Wars, but the fortification then fell into	into	ADP	decline	NOUN	 decline
In the prequel game Before Crisis, Zack supports Shinra in their fight against the eco terrorist group AVALANCHE.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
By the time they reached 7 – 3 – 1 following a November 3 victory over the New York Rangers	Rangers	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gossard recalled that " everyone wasn't on the same page " due to McCready's absence and the familiarization	familiarization	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
ABC's entertainment president Steve McPherson denied the rumor, stating: " There is an unbelievable storyline for her	her	PRON	this	DET	 this
On Blamey's recommendation, Wilton was honoured for the " particularly high standard " of his work on the	the	DET	general	ADJ	 general
" – 50 Cent " In da Club " became 50's first number one. It peaked at #	#	SYM	1	NUM	 1
They all had imported engines fitted, but trialled various small improvements for the production aircraft that included cooling vents	vents	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Other areas of employment include call centres, the City Council, universities and hospitals. Sheffield is a major	major	ADJ	retail	ADJ	 retail
The crew returned to Universal to shoot Grant's rescue of Tim, using a fifty foot prop with hydraulic	hydraulic	ADJ	wheels	NOUN	 wheels
He was successful in persuading two recently arrived Egyptian bishops, Mikael and Gabriel, into accepting a compromise aimed	aimed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Promoted to the rank of first lieutenant, Dodd was ordered to join the 1st Aero Squadron at Texas City	City	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This followed being named National Defensive Player of the Year at the end of the previous season. Tech's	's	PART	leading	VERB	 leading
To the west of this lies Waipapa Point, often considered the boundary of the Catlins region, beyond which	which	PRON	lies	VERB	 lies
During this period, Ernest becomes entranced with Debba, a woman from a local village, whom the others	others	NOUN	jokingly	ADV	 jokingly
He started in the 2010 Conference Premier play off Final at Wembley on 16 May, being substituted on 73	73	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Upon completion of the modifications on 1 September, Engadine was assigned to the Harwich Force along with the seaplane	seaplane	NOUN	tenders	VERB	 tenders
In 185 CE, Chinese astronomers recorded the appearance of a bright star in the sky, and observed that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Released in 1982, it was widely considered to be one of the worst video games ever made. William	William	PROPN	Kotzwinkle	PROPN	 Kotzwinkle
Since 15 August 2013, PewDiePie's channel has been the most subscribed user on YouTube, being surpassed briefly	briefly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Gaza was ruled, destroyed and repopulated by various dynasties, empires, and peoples. Originally a Canaanite settlement	settlement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Fifty six Catholics with superior hereditary claims were bypassed. The likelihood of any of them converting to Protestantism for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
First the roof was blasted, then work started downwards. The first eight months were used for excavation,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This was done by initially constructing a concrete plate, flat on the ground, which was 5 metres (	(	PUNCT	16	NUM	16
Charles Carroll Sawyer m. Henry Tucker When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again, by Louis Lambert & Patrick Gilmore You	You	PRON	Are	AUX	 Are
Dvořák often adapted Bohemian folklore for his compositions, and his previous four symphonic poems were based on actual poems	poems	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
While some nudes existed in private collections, England had no tradition of nude painting and the display and distribution	distribution	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some reviewers still felt that Lightning Bolt was not up to the standards set by the band's previous work	work	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The fourth player likewise plays a card following these same rules. When all four cards of the trick are	are	AUX	on	ADP	 on
The album cover by Hugh Syme shows mascot Vic Rattlehead breaking out of Mustaine. The album's lead single	single	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In the 1840s, many Irish emigrated to avoid the potato famine and began street selling at Whitechapel Market and	and	CCONJ	along	ADP	 along
The latter ruled Keserwan until his death without progeny in 1523, after which he was succeeded by Hasan's	's	PART	son	NOUN	 son
Construction began in the west end of Ottawa in 1967. On October 31, 1969, a short extension	extension	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The airline fleet consisted of a Puss Moth aircraft and a Leopard Moth. Initial service included weekly airmail service	service	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The spores are non amyloid — unable to take up iodine stain in the chemical test with Melzer's reagent	reagent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As part of the R211 subway car order, the MTA is planning to test a train of 10 open	open	ADJ	gangway	PROPN	 gangway
As the flight time from Port Moresby to Cairns was only a few hours, this was considered safe,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
All three groups received the same test. Adjusted for previous SAT scores, subjects in the non diagnostic challenge	challenge	NOUN	condition	NOUN	 condition
Numerous insurance claims, reaching $65 million by early November, were made following Hurricane Igor's landfall Over	Over	ADP	the	DET	 the
All the well camouflaged redoubts were eventually located and captured and the Ottoman defenders surrendered in the late afternoon.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
In that year he joined three other pianists in recording a CD tribute to Memphis pianist Phineas Newborn, Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	This	DET	 This
When Urrea began marching south in mid May, many families from San Patricio who had supported the Mexican army	army	NOUN	went	VERB	 went
Three trusts were established in his will. The first, focused on education related to " the theory of	of	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
, the match was announced to be taking place at Final Resolution. The event featured employees other than the	the	DET	wrestlers	NOUN	 wrestlers
On Tanya's hen night, Cora takes a dislike to Vanessa Gold (Zöe Lucker) after Vanessa laughs	laughs	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Stewart led the field on the lap 342 restart, ahead of Mears and Earnhardt. Johnson moved up to	to	ADP	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
The school operates across two sites: one at Westholme, Sleaford, and the other in Ruskington, which	which	PRON	approximately	ADV	 approximately
After crossing the Malay Peninsula, Typhoon Gay moved through the Andaman Islands on November 6. As a precautionary	precautionary	ADJ	measure	NOUN	 measure
As their largest operation, supported by Estonian Police Battalions No. 37, 38 and Mauritz Freiherr von Strachwitz	Strachwitz	PROPN	's	PART	's
He is ambivalent whether any believing Christian can become a martyr by virtue of the manner of their death,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Video replay footage can be captured in specific game modes, including Brawl and Target Smash! modes, and	and	CCONJ	sent	VERB	 sent
His directive ordered all U boats out of the English Channel and the South Western Approaches and required that all	all	DET	submarine	NOUN	 submarine
It was her first extensive work as " a self supporting professional and self proclaimed intellectual ", as scholar	scholar	NOUN	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
By 1900, the congregation had 160 members, and the congregational school, which held classes for two hours	hours	NOUN	once	ADV	 once
The maneuver, according to the command history, " marked the first time a U.S. battleship had operated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Brighton he served as an altar boy, which he enjoyed, but when sent at about fifteen to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Neil Shubin and Ted Daeschler, the leaders of the team, have been searching Ellesmere Island for fossils since	since	SCONJ	2000	NUM	 2000
In her time with The Lady, Gibbons established a reputation as a caustic book reviewer, and was particularly	particularly	ADV	critical	ADJ	 critical
The Norman horse Thoroughbred crossbreds produced at these studs were divided into two groups. The first were lighter cavalry	cavalry	NOUN	horses	NOUN	 horses
Fuller was the only woman painter to be represented. A critic writing in The West Australian observed: The	The	DET	work	NOUN	 work
He was replaced by Keith Johnson, the New South Wales delegate to the Australian Board of Control. Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The player is able to select one of four difficulty levels which affect the number and complexity of the note	note	NOUN	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
Neighboring Minnesota, where trappers collected more than 300,000 painted turtles during the 1990s, commissioned a study of painted	painted	VERB	turtle	NOUN	 turtle
Religious (ulama) and legal (kadı) officials, important parts of the old Ottoman order, openly	openly	ADV	declared	VERB	 declared
All of these albums were moderately successful, peaking at 61, 58, 72, and 66 respectively on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bear sightings on the trail are uncommon, except in certain sections, especially Shenandoah National Park and portions of	of	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Four other songs were hits on the Hot Dance Club Play; " Sandcastle Disco " peaked at number 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Immediately to the south of the house is a wide 100 metre (330 ft) long terrace with a	a	DET	stone	NOUN	 stone
Debris and flooding also impeded and obstructed of parts of the Bruce, Gillies, and Palmerston highways. Rescue	Rescue	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Howe ordered his ships to pursue the enemy rear, and the British line was placed on a tack that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Official Fellows are those who hold tutorial or administrative appointments in the college. Past Official Fellows include the composer	composer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Reconstitution is done by soaking in hot, but not boiling, water for about twenty minutes; the water	water	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
No satisfactory explanation had been made for the delay and, in the judge's view, the application "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Historically, Skye was overwhelmingly Gaelic speaking, but this changed between 1921 and 2001. In both the 1901	1901	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
In his most recent corporate position he was vice president of marketing at NewsEdge until the business was sold to	to	ADP	Thomson	PROPN	 Thomson
The site is located on federal land adjacent to the Nevada Test Site in Nye County, Nevada, about	about	ADV	80	NUM	 80
One of the earliest foreign references to Bengal is a mention by the Ancient Greeks around 100 BC of a	a	DET	land	NOUN	 land
Described as " confessional " by Robert Copsey of Digital Spy, the song has a " conversational " performance	performance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The deputies were exchanging gunfire with the miners on Bull Hill. Gen. Brooks quickly moved his troops from the	the	DET	train	NOUN	 train
Both men reach for their guns fire at each other. Fung is hit and Costello demands that he put	put	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cutter ambushes Black, knocking him down, but before Cutter can escape, the family's dog lunges at	at	ADP	him	PRON	 him
To cope with the anticipated increase in demand, it was decided that the line should be increased to twin	twin	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
Kniaz Pozharsky served as the flagship during the fleet maneuvers of 1884 and she was reviewed by Tsar Alexander III	III	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It is the only remaining steel truss bridge with a lift span that crosses the Murray. It was also	also	ADV	the	DET	 the
Governor General Sydenham denied a 27 February 1841 petition she sent for her son to take over James's customs	customs	NOUN	position	NOUN	 position
Additionally, the Trofeo Fuga Cervelo rewarded riders who took part in a breakaway at the head of the field	field	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Bishop of Glasgow intervened in 1244 and determined that a house of Cluniac monks from Paisley should indeed be	be	AUX	founded	VERB	 founded
The " elemental " arrived a few days later in the form of Marjorie Cameron, who agreed to participate	participate	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Only two gates — Bab Tadmor and Bab al Dreib — remain today. The oldest of Homs ' mosques	mosques	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At sunset on 4 January 1776, Montgomery's remains were put to rest. During his burial, American	American	ADJ	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
It was released as a bonus track to the 12 " copy of the single. In later years,	,	PUNCT	Barson	PROPN	 Barson
Uranium thorium dating is a relatively short range process because of the short half lives of 234U and 230Th relative	relative	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In 1957, Tashlin cast Mansfield in the film version of the Broadway show Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?	?	PUNCT	reprising	VERB	 reprising
For example, domesticated brown rats are not considered a disease threat, while exposure to wild rat populations could	could	AUX	introduce	VERB	 introduce
His partnership with Sutcliffe remains in 2016 the most effective for the first wicket, in terms of average partnership	partnership	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In 2007, Larter starred in Marigold as the title character alongside Salman Khan. The movie, released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
According to these scholars, the Hungarian words of Alanic origin – including asszony (" lady ", originally	originally	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
Residues of paint have been found on many sculptures and on other parts of the ship. The entire ornamentation	ornamentation	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Vizier ambushes them and they barely escape with the Dagger, ending up in a tomb beneath the city	city	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 13th century however the two titles became clearly distinct: the Grand Domestic was the commander in chief	chief	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, it is possible that not all such chemicals in use have been tested for possible effects on honey	honey	NOUN	bees	NOUN	 bees
On 15 August 1943 Graf's unit was renamed to Jagdgeschwader 50 (JG 50 — 50th Fighter Wing)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Animaniacs featured Rob Paulsen as Yakko, Pinky and Dr. Otto von Scratchansniff, Tress MacNeille as Dot, Jess	Jess	PROPN	Harnell	PROPN	 Harnell
After one minor shift of ½ ballot, the totals were announced to the delegates. They voted to adjourn	adjourn	VERB	for	ADP	 for
However, in 2016, the show, re titled Degrassi: Next Class, will move to Family Channel	Channel	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He was named to the starting lineup for the All Star Game and was the league's leading goal scorer	scorer	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Archinard's campaigns were often executed through direct military control, without civilian oversight. As costs increased, the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
Twain described her decision to be completely influenced by her desire to " break the music down ", and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Mac, portrayed by Tina Majorino, was a computer expert befriended by Veronica. Lamb, portrayed by Michael	Michael	PROPN	Muhney	PROPN	 Muhney
This was followed by the introduction of the My School website; launched in January 2010, the website reports	reports	VERB	on	ADP	 on
One asked him why he did not pray for the King. He answered, " Nay, " says	says	VERB	he	PRON	 he
He said the most country part of the song were lyrics that referenced Catholicism with the word " hallelujah "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Austin and Triple H formed a tag team called The Power Trip, while The Rock was indefinitely suspended.	.	PUNCT	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
The following family tree illustrates a synthesis of the relationships of the early theropod groups compiled by Hendrickx et al	al	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
This possibility had been foreseen earlier; however, problems with the radio relay between the Canadians and Australians meant	meant	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Confederate army made several other attempts to cross the trench during the night but repeatedly failed. Although the	the	DET	confederates	NOUN	 confederates
Ramprasad waded into the holy river, until the water was neck deep, all the while singing for Kali	Kali	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition to Cornwell, the company's corporators included his brother John Jacob, Duncan Sinclar, and his	his	PRON	law	NOUN	 law
Berkelium is a soft, silvery white, radioactive actinide metal. In the periodic table, it is located	located	VERB	to	ADP	 to
As a playable character, he frequently narrates his thoughts through the dramatic device of soliloquy. In Blood Omen	Omen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On the way the party stayed with Charles the Bald in Francia, where there were the usual banquets and	and	CCONJ	exchange	NOUN	 exchange
New Hampshire responded on July 18 by authorizing John Stark to raise a militia for the defense of the people	people	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
About 50 farm buildings and 423 small businesses were severely damaged or demolished. Three deaths and at least $	$	SYM	230	NUM	230
Kaské traveled as far south as New Orleans in an effort to enlist French aid against the British. In	In	ADP	1765	NUM	 1765
The storm compromised about 5.4 mi (8.7 km) of roads in the county, and throughout the region	region	NOUN	many	ADJ	 many
He also participated in a small number of theatricals as an amateur, including playing John Chodd, Jr. in	in	ADP	Robertson	PROPN	 Robertson
Narrowly missing automatic promotion in 2004 – 05, Royle again took Ipswich to the play offs, but once	once	ADV	more	ADJ	 more
In 1902, Crothers became the first alumnus of Stanford to serve as a member of the university's board	board	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tony Sokol from KpopStarz.com listed " Taboo " alongside " Juicy ", " V.I.P. ", " Shake It	It	PRON	Up	ADP	 Up
The early Walloon Movement developed in reaction to the perceived discrimination against French language as Dutch was progressively accorded equality	equality	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Meanwhile, Sharon left Tasa and headed for Suez City, leaving a single reconnaissance company to hold vital ridges	ridges	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
To make matters worse, the Russian Government which was headed by Ivan Silayev, stopped following Ryzhkov's orders	orders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Victoria (Holley Chant), an alcoholic, is killed when Zoltan impales her eye with a wine bottle	bottle	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Nine miles (14.5 km) later, US 62 becomes a multilane highway and begins a concurrency with SH	SH	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
Watson's speech also called feminism " the belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
While hypervitaminosis A is the generally accepted medical diagnosis for Mertz's death and Mawson's illness, the theory	theory	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
At the commencement of the Early modern period James, 2nd Lord Hamilton became a privy counsellor to his first	first	ADJ	cousin	NOUN	 cousin
Measurements taken during an individual autumn, late August to late December 2001, were close to zero until November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was originally named the " Maytag Zoo ", but was renamed the following year to " Phoenix Zoo	Zoo	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Wired cuffs around his wrists and ankles, as well as a harness around his waist, were used to	to	PART	lift	VERB	 lift
Trusts often sought to purchase or otherwise neutralize their competitors, allowing the conglomerates to raise prices to high levels	levels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mortimer noted that her time was faster than her best able bodied time. In the 100 metre freestyle (	(	PUNCT	her	PRON	her
Accretion provides the currently favored mechanism called the single degenerate model for Type Ia supernovae. In this model,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The first change to the US 16 routing was made in 1933 when the highway was moved to bypass Farmington	Farmington	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After leaving Killing Joke in 1986, Paterson met future KLF member Jimmy Cauty and the duo began DJ ing	ing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The raid, in which Tarleton's force rode 120 miles (190 km) in four days, was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Santa Cruz scored the equaliser and his second of the match, heading in a cross by David Bentley.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In golf, shooting three under par on a single hole has recently been termed scoring an " albatross "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The melodies and notes are played with the C and A buttons on the Nintendo 64 controller or the C	C	PROPN	analog	NOUN	 analog
In June 2014 a study by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution concluded that emperor penguins are at risk from global	global	ADJ	warming	NOUN	 warming
Amazing's reputation had been for formulaic science fiction almost since it began, but White was able to bring	bring	VERB	the	DET	 the
The train, containing over 1,600 Jews, was guarded by 16 Germans from the SiPo SD. Resistance members	members	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
This gave U boats the impression the aircraft was moving away from it. There was a radical change in	in	ADP	1943	NUM	 1943
For the first time, there are actual backgrounds that appear with the actor names instead of an all black	black	ADJ	background	NOUN	 background
Australia received a single QF 3 inch 20 cwt (76 mm) anti aircraft (AA) gun on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
A large mirror with an exquisite gold frame stands between the two windows. The fireplace was added by the	the	DET	Chelsea	PROPN	 Chelsea
Offices opened one hour earlier than usual, added staff and extended their hours to guarantee that all 2,180 cases	cases	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
In this instance, it was because we are gay... Thousands of people walk the streets of America and	and	CCONJ	yes	INTJ	 yes
Party membership was only partly based on ideology; party identification often reflected ethnic and religious background, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The game's gameplay is built based on three pillars, access, adapt, and attack. Players are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Being designed for low level operations, the Tornado required modification to perform in medium level operations that the RAF	RAF	PROPN	adopted	VERB	 adopted
Symptoms usually go away on their own within months. The question of whether the syndrome is due to structural	structural	ADJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
A mask of Dakota leader Taoyateduta (Little Crow) was placed overlooking the falls in 1992. While the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
The manga ended serialization in Dengeki G's Magazine in the July 2009 issue, and was serialized in Dengeki	Dengeki	PROPN	G	PROPN	 G
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 14, 2010. In the episode,	,	PUNCT	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
Two days later, he landed on the French mainland at Golfe Juan and started heading north. The 5th	5th	ADJ	Regiment	PROPN	 Regiment
Some recent and proposed Interstates, some of them out of place in the grid, also violate this:	:	PUNCT	I	PROPN	 I
CBC itself was looking for original material, and was enthusiastic about the series because it seemed to stand out	out	ADP	among	ADP	 among
The game's story follows a group of adventurers who travel through time to prevent a global catastrophe. Square	Square	PROPN	re	VERB	 re
Rihanna began " working on the new sound " for her seventh studio album in March 2012, even though	though	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
The Doll and Pharaoh are available in English versions. The Doll has been translated into sixteen languages, and	and	CCONJ	Pharaoh	PROPN	 Pharaoh
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the country's main opposition party, criticised the high security levels	levels	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
All lines are light rail except the A, a commuter rail line. FasTracks is a light rail /	/	SYM	bus	NOUN	 bus
Predicting opponents ' moves and counter attacking, known as " countering ", is a common element of gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His official minder has not heard from him in seven years. " However, on 22 July 2005,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A cruising stage was built into the casing of each high pressure turbine for economical steaming at low speeds.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 2002, the first survey of the wreck was done by a team led by James P. Delgado for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the initial stages of its existence, the storm accelerated toward the west northwest in response to the strong	strong	ADJ	high	ADJ	 high
In this case, their Lordships unanimously held that executive action was not immune from judicial review merely because it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
As a biblical basis for this teaching, von Balthasar referred to 1 Corinthians 2: 9 10: "	"	PUNCT	these	PRON	 these
In 800, Eric's successor Cadolah of Friuli invaded the Dalmatian Croatia by the order of Charlemagne, but	but	CCONJ	without	ADP	 without
Though officially credited to the production techniques of Teddy Riley, Ripani theorized Riley was influenced by Jackson's 1986	1986	NUM	single	ADJ	 single
Morikawa Kaichirō identifies the subculture as distinctly Japanese, a product of the school system and society. Japanese schools	schools	NOUN	have	VERB	 have
The song, which is written in the key of E flat major, features an organ and piano sound	sound	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dan Woods reprised his role as English teacher Mr. Raditch, now promoted to school principal, and Pat Mastroianni	Mastroianni	PROPN	returned	VERB	 returned
Several strands of the Brawley fault zone, to the east of the Imperial fault, ruptured intermittently along a	a	DET	length	NOUN	 length
This was followed by a return to AGPW, where he held the tag team championship with his brother Bobby	Bobby	PROPN	Kay	PROPN	 Kay
Moving northwestward, it gradually organized, becoming a depression during by the evening of May 12. After turning	turning	VERB	more	ADV	 more
In the final level, Kilbaba attempts to escape in a bomber plane armed with nuclear bombs, but the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
The talk, in which Goldman did not advocate violence but expressed understanding for those driven to it, was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
In October 2008, Grays Athletic announced that players had been asked to take a 50% pay cut due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Until 2009, the station had two operating furnace lines, which together were capable of burning a total of	of	ADP	250,000	NUM	 250,000
No. 1 Squadron was the RAAF's strike squadron, and maintained a nominal strength of 12 F 111s	111s	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Although he recognized, among other things, Heliade's merits of having removed pretentious boyar discourse from poetry and	and	CCONJ	having	AUX	 having
Mourinho was later credited with Benzema's transformation, but denied full responsibility and, instead, gave credit to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Julian completed his synthesis, the melting point matched the correct one for natural physostigmine from the calabar bean	bean	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At this point, Scheer, who had been warned of the sortie of the Grand Fleet from its base	base	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where she is a former	former	ADJ	WWE	PROPN	 WWE
The group called themselves Transistor Revolt, and released a self titled extended play in 2000. The band changed	changed	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The UFO that seen flying at the opening of the scene was actually a helicopter, disguised using various techniques	techniques	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She reveals that she and Chi merely switched places inside the body, but Chi has shut herself away and	and	CCONJ	Freya	PROPN	 Freya
The multi faceted storm system included a tornado outbreak, record snow accumulations, a damaging ice storm, and	and	CCONJ	flooding	NOUN	 flooding
In a project scheduled for completion in 2030, the line is to be improved to allow a regular hourly	hourly	ADJ	Aberdeen	PROPN	 Aberdeen
The strongest winds were confined to the Atlantic coastline, with outer rainbands producing heavy rainfall in Washington, D.C.	D.C.	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Village Municipal Building was built in 1913 and was opened on July 4, 1914. The high school	school	NOUN	opened	VERB	 opened
On 4 April, JNA artillery began shelling Sarajevo. The JNA and the VRS in Bosnia and Herzegovina faced	faced	VERB	the	DET	 the
A reviewer of her 1941 exhibition at Nierendorf Gallery stated: " We learned the artist is a woman,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, it was already too late. Quickly, the Germans achieved considerable success against Soviet defensive positions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
(1952) Rupert of the Rhine. London: Collins. Irwin, Margaret. (1937) The	The	DET	Stranger	PROPN	 Stranger
The discoverers proposed the name " prometheum " (the spelling was subsequently changed), derived from Prometheus,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After the American Civil War, Meridian began to grow rapidly and Marion began to decline. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There is also a very limited edition bundle for the PlayStation 2 at Wal Mart. This bundle comes with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas from Chicago predicted before the film's release that U.S. companies could	could	AUX	lose	VERB	 lose
" It has 32 voting members who are elected by the General Assembly for four year terms. In 2012	2012	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Chronic gastritis is likely to underlie H. pylori related diseases. Ulcers in the stomach and duodenum result when the	the	DET	consequences	NOUN	 consequences
The episode was the first of the series to run as a " supersized " episode, featuring twenty eight	eight	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Late on December 7, the system degenerated into a remnant trough about 110 mi (180 km) south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
While the other detectives sweat and complain about the heat, a calm and comfortable Pembleton (Andre Braugher)	)	PUNCT	wears	VERB	 wears
The Hindu College was established in 1817. The Scottish Church College, which is the oldest Christian liberal arts	arts	NOUN	college	NOUN	 college
On the 15th, the mob liberated prisoners from the local gaol. Thomas Woodbridge, the Keeper of the	the	DET	Prison	PROPN	 Prison
Perry was made a platypus because of the animal's striking appearance and the lack of public knowledge of the	the	DET	animal	NOUN	 animal
The club was officially reformed on 15 February 1919 – a key figure in the events was Charles Frederick Watling	Watling	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To promote the album, McCartney held an online chat party, and the event entered the Guinness Book of	of	ADP	World	PROPN	 World
In 1892 the club became a founder member of the Bristol and District League, which three years later was	was	AUX	renamed	VERB	 renamed
The capital, Kolkata, was the workplace of several social reformers, like Raja Ram Mohan Roy, Iswar	Iswar	PROPN	Chandra	PROPN	 Chandra
The rest of the episode was written to lead to that scene. The scene where Oscar tells a story	story	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Scientists believe that the climatic and geologic conditions 3 to 5 million years ago allowed cutthroat trout from the Snake	Snake	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
, based on footage from the Chile concert, will be made available worldwide on CD, LP, DVD	DVD	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The historian Fikreta Jelić Butić believes that the idea of an anti Partisan offensive was also discussed at the conference	conference	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Gareloi is located on Gareloi Island, and comprises most of its land mass. The island also has two	two	NUM	small	ADJ	 small
Consideration was given to installing similar on street ticket machines and new, advanced machines (capable of reading smartcards	smartcards	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The group also wants determine if rail service would be possible using the existing tracks and right of way between	between	ADP	Erie	PROPN	 Erie
This race is (to date) the last French Grand Prix. It was the eighth race of the	the	DET	2008	NUM	 2008
" Adam Graham of MTV News described the song as a " big ballad ". The song was nominated	nominated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The biography of Erik Chisholm, written by John Purser with the foreword by Sir Charles Mackerras, Chasing A	A	PROPN	Restless	PROPN	 Restless
Ballantine accepted Kurtzman's proposal on faith, but he had reservations. He suspected it was the Mad brand	brand	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
" He also wrote many homilies relating to the Last Days and the coming of the Antichrist. Age of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As U.S. Army engineers were few, Casey worked closely with his Australian Army counterpart at General Sir Thomas Blamey	Blamey	PROPN	's	PART	's
The last chorus following the br]]. At the end of the chorus, the lead singer sings	sings	VERB	the	DET	 the
The video was filmed in three days in Boyle Heights, Los Angeles. The scenes were designed to recreate	recreate	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1978, a memorial plaque was erected. The Frank Slide Interpretive Centre, within sight of the mountain	mountain	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although some of his acquaintances later suggested that the use of Mari for Mary was unknown in Wales prior to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Stevens is diagnosed with stage four metastatic melanoma, Grey convinces Shepherd to return to operate on her.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
As mobile phone technology improved, the development team planned on adding online gameplay. The game was discontinued for	for	ADP	download	NOUN	 download
Hurricane force winds cause substantial damage to mobile homes, and begin to structurally damage homes with foundations. Winds	Winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" were it was suggested she was featured to the detriment of other characters. Among fans, she was	was	AUX	initially	ADV	 initially
It offers the city's best concentration of antique and handicraft shops. The Main Bazaar is part of Kuching	Kuching	PROPN	's	PART	's
The story begins where The Immortals of Meluha ended. Shiva, the fabled savior of the land of Meluha	Meluha	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The light characteristic was a fixed white light with a red flash every 15 seconds. In 1972, the	the	DET	light	NOUN	 light
Even if Heffernan was not engaging in protected speech, he wrote, the discipline against him sent a message	message	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
When Bojić was a child, he and his family were frequently visited by his mother's cousin Jovan Sremac	Sremac	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It also reached No. 17 in Belgium, No. 14 in Finland, and No. 53 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Neptune's spear is the trident, which appears on the U.S. Navy's Special Warfare insignia, with the	the	DET	three	NUM	 three
About 2300 BC there was immigration from Finland and later the area was largely used by Skolts for reindeer husbandry	husbandry	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dot Branning (June Brown) takes pity on Rainie and helps her to clean herself up, telling her	her	PRON	about	ADP	 about
Adams also enjoyed the song's " wobbly guitar ", and Sain's Christie Eliszer approved of the "	"	PUNCT	acoustic	ADJ	 acoustic
" My Boo " is a hip hop tinged R & B song with a mid tempo melody. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
With both the Canadian and New Zealand Divisions finding progress difficult, it was decided to bring the Indian 21st	21st	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
Their morale improved somewhat when Admiral Bernard Desjean, Baron de Pointis sailed into the bay on 26 February with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The League still penalized the Devils for trying to circumvent the NHL salary cap with a money fine, a	a	DET	third	ADJ	 third
" They soon became equally as interested in the remixes, visuals and interactive elements however. Ciaran has described	described	VERB	this	DET	 this
On 17 December 1986, the accused, a career criminal named Olaf Dietrich (born 1952), flew	flew	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Stiffkey living was highly desirable, with 60 acres (24 ha) of glebe land, a large	large	ADJ	Georgian	ADJ	 Georgian
Thirty four of the competitors petitioned parliament against the selection of Barry, who was a friend of Cust,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Executive Producer Robert Goodwin said that the casting of Reilly was the most fun of the episode. " Jose	Jose	PROPN	Chung	PROPN	 Chung
M 15 continued through Morgan Meadows and crossing the Carp River into the town of Negaunee and connecting with Ishpeming	Ishpeming	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
And no one's grief has ever passed you by. You are relentless, only towards yourself, forever	forever	ADV	cold	ADJ	 cold
It was first released for the PlayStation 2 on December 28, 2004 as an all ages title, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The ovispermatoduct (a duct that carries both eggs and sperm) is very much twisted. The free oviduct	oviduct	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The fungus was originally described in 1976 as a species of Armillaria when that genus was more inclusive; it	it	PRON	received	VERB	 received
Critics said that the network's action would encourage further threats from radical groups. " 201 " was not	not	PART	shown	VERB	 shown
One month after the September release of the LP, Lennon released " Imagine " as a single in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
When Flem D. Sampson was elected governor in 1927, he appointed Willis to fill his seat on the Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
The video was promoted through YouTube, and was viewed more than 44,000 times. Peter Dartford, the chief	chief	ADJ	fire	NOUN	 fire
I only hope you have the same trouble as us. So do us all a favour and take a	a	DET	Rolls	PROPN	 Rolls
Unlike other theropods in their study of specimens found associated with eggs or nests, it had finished growing at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
This area ranges in elevation from sea level to 100 meters (330 ft). The long tailed ground	ground	NOUN	roller	NOUN	 roller
He used the games played in Rock Island, other newspapers, and his own memory to determine the first-	first-	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Unlike most motion pictures, it was shot in rough chronological order, to facilitate convincing emotional performances from the	the	DET	young	ADJ	 young
Withdrawing through the barrage and a number of airstrikes called in to pursue them, the Viet Cong proceeded to	to	PART	drag	VERB	 drag
She spent the first 29 years of her working career as a music teacher. After her retirement from education	education	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He then meets his new roommate Bobby and his girlfriend Margie while they are having sex. Erik eventually reunites	reunites	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Lichtenstein's magnification of his source material made his impersonally drawn motifs seem all the more empty. Busche also	also	ADV	says	VERB	 says
Each of the three sides aim to control the Hoover Dam, which is still operational and supplying the Southwest	Southwest	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Diiie is made up of two sections of 38 poems. The 20 poems in the first section, "	"	PUNCT	Where	SCONJ	 Where
Flottenabteilung Wulff was sent through the mouth of the Danube and across the Black Sea to Odessa, where it	it	PRON	spent	VERB	 spent
It was filmed in front of a live audience on November 20. A technique called " Poor Man's	's	PART	Process	PROPN	 Process
The segment from the Mexican border to SR 98 was completed by March 1996 to expressway standards; this cost	cost	VERB	$	SYM	 $
The original temple, completed in 1140 to lavish proportions with extensive ornamentation, consisted of a roof measuring 32	32	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
In 1959, a study contract was awarded to Hawker Siddeley and Bristol for preliminary designs based on the slender	slender	ADJ	delta	NOUN	 delta
In April 1942, Major General Edward P. King surrendered his force as they could no longer keep up a	a	DET	sustainable	ADJ	 sustainable
" He concluded his review: " Here We Go Again isn't perfect by any means, and when	when	SCONJ	compared	VERB	 compared
Urban sociology involves the analysis of social life and human interaction in metropolitan areas. It is a discipline seeking	seeking	VERB	to	PART	 to
Square Enix had changed its mind, and no longer liked the Nordic style of this spin off game,	,	PUNCT	so	SCONJ	 so
On the other hand, the Old Prussians themselves were at that time being subjected to increasingly forced (including	including	VERB	papacy	NOUN	 papacy
It is a common puffball of the Rocky Mountains and Pacific Coast ranges of western North America. The puffball	puffball	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The film follows the lives of several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews and includes interviews with rabbis and psychotherapists about	about	ADP	Orthodox	PROPN	 Orthodox
Some of the properties of the Hortdan include: the ability to transform into an animal, invisibility, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
By the Qing Dynasty, both lapsang souchong and gongfu black tea were well recognized in China and noted in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
While describing the song's lyrics and message, Houston said the following in an interview with ' Ebony:	:	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
However, when Disney attempted to take over, Fox exercised its right of first refusal. In October 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The remora Remora australis and occasionally the amphipod Cyamus balaenopterae can also be found on fin whales, both feeding	feeding	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In June, Hamilton's return to Fort Hamilton with a large group of militia aligned Native Americans coincided with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the November 4, 1872 election, Louisiana was a split state. In a controversial election, two	two	NUM	candidates	NOUN	 candidates
Her relocation to Vancouver and sickness in the family put her on a self confessed personal and professional low.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Professional female singers perform dirges similar in style to those elsewhere in Europe. Yodeling exists in northern Italy,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
The estimates were for a 90% increase until 2000, given an opening in 2002. A bid for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a letter addressed to Nigeria's military ruler Sani Abacha in 1996, he called for the immediate release	release	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The next highway junction is just over thirteen miles (21 km) east of Camp Houston, and is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Bell attended these meetings in order to find government ' plants ' in that group. Bell subsequently became involved	involved	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
On 27 August 1310, Archbishop Thomas of Esztergom put the Holy Crown on Charles's head in Székesfehérvár;	;	PUNCT	thus	ADV	 thus
They were also successful in their capture of Maj. Gen. Takeo Manjom and his 2,000 soldiers and munitions.	.	PUNCT	Panay	PROPN	 Panay
Kafka's last lover, Dora Diamant (later, Dymant Lask), also ignored his wishes, secretly	secretly	ADV	keeping	VERB	 keeping
Smith was an aide to President Harding's U.S. Attorney General Harry Daugherty. While he helped Smith pick up	up	ADP	the	DET	 the
Over the field seasons of 1924 and 1925, Wheeler ran excavations of the Roman fort of Y Gaer near	near	ADP	Brecon	PROPN	 Brecon
It was the final match of the 2006 – 07 staging of the Football League Cup, and last to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
M. nigrocincta ants are primarily black and orange red in colour. They have mandibles which are either black or	or	CCONJ	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
The system could be configured at US $2299, much more comparable with the former base model dual core	core	NOUN	G5	PROPN	 G5
The manuscript is dated palaeographically to the 6th century or 7th century. According to Tischendorf it was written in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Organizers followed the lead of their counterparts in Los Angeles for the 1984 Summer Olympics, attracting a large television	television	NOUN	contract	NOUN	 contract
El Macho announces his plan to launch rockets full of the mutated Minions into major cities in order to achieve	achieve	VERB	world	NOUN	 world
Tweedy in particular was inspired by the Minutemen, and wrote a song about D. Boon following Boon's death	death	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As a result, Backer et al. determined in November 1982 that the source was a pulsar rotating every	every	DET	1.558	NUM	 1.558
By the turn of the 20th century, the difficulty of navigating the Columbia was seen as an impediment to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 1984, there were four organisations governing classification for the sport: ISOD, ISMGF, IBSA and CP	CP	PROPN	ISRA	PROPN	 ISRA
Another possible site is Lullingstone, in Kent, where a religious site dating to 300 was found underneath an	an	DET	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
As is typical of temperate zones, weather patterns vary by season with occasional extremes in temperature and rainfall.	.	PUNCT	Primarily	ADV	 Primarily
Studies have shown that the basidia develop in four discrete generations. The first generation basidia are the most protuberant	protuberant	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Melbourne Aces played at the Melbourne Showgrounds, after the Victorian state government announced a A $300,000 upgrade	upgrade	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Now he has become just that person, that he himself was looking for ", he said. Former	Former	ADJ	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
Detractors have raised concerns over Lichtenstein's appropriation, in that he directly references imagery from other sources in Whaam	Whaam	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
Thomas Holtz would also note that Tyrannosaurus had proportionately longer feet than the animals it hunted: duck billed dinosaurs	dinosaurs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He then moved toward Harrison's Island, learned of the defeat at Ball's Bluff, and quickly asked	asked	VERB	McClellan	PROPN	 McClellan
On set, Claudia Black and Michael Shanks decided to make one of their first scenes, a fight sequence	sequence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the reviewers criticized it for its choppy scrolling and sound, of which they said " David Whittaker	Whittaker	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
In local competitions, they were eliminated in the semi final of the Birmingham Senior Cup, also by West	West	PROPN	Bromwich	PROPN	 Bromwich
After being the sole survivor in his elimination match, Randy Orton celebrated his victory with his father, "	"	PUNCT	Cowboy	PROPN	 Cowboy
After six measures, the tenor sings a melody to it that gently rises and falls, and repeats it	it	PRON	almost	ADV	 almost
Porte, however, suffered a mechanical problem in the final 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and he was	was	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
They charged that he had secretly favored the Compensation Act of 1816 and had worked to pass it, despite	despite	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
" Vogue " was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of	of	ADP	800,000	NUM	 800,000
Although average precipitation and humidity during summer is low, there are infrequent yet heavy and often violent storms.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The largest crowd to attend a Seahawks game at CenturyLink Field was 69,055 vs the Pittsburgh Steelers on November 29	29	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Struthers, John (1871). " On some points in the anatomy of a Great Fin Whale (	(	PUNCT	Balaenoptera	PROPN	Balaenoptera
After the privatisation of British Rail, the locomotives in the 47 / 8 number range were mainly used by	by	ADP	Virgin	PROPN	 Virgin
" The next year, he was nominated for another Razzie Award for his work on the film. DiCaprio	DiCaprio	PROPN	's	PART	's
This was a blue yellow red tricolor with horizontal stripes and the coat of arms in the center of the	the	DET	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
" Gabriele Bartz and Eberhard König " In a world where all experience was based in the glorious lost past	past	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In her autobiography, she remembered feeling more nervous in an audition where she sight read to Andrew Lloyd Webber	Webber	PROPN	an	DET	 an
He came in at 6 / 664 and was unable to join in the high scoring, making only nine	nine	NUM	as	ADP	 as
Mir's legacy lives on in the station, bringing together five space agencies in the cause of exploration and	and	CCONJ	allowing	VERB	 allowing
I wull be sold. I wants a change '. " For the husband, the sale released him	him	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Kaiser Wilhelm II, the emperor of Germany, believed that a strong navy was necessary for the country to	to	PART	expand	VERB	 expand
" Birthday " has charted at number 191 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart due to high digital downloads	downloads	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His arms became fiercely scarred from improperly shooting heroin and cocaine, leaving permanent abscesses. He spent the next	next	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
Oxford were coached once again by Sean Bowden, who set their boat up as " tandem rigged " (	(	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	where
They passed the finishing post three and a half lengths ahead, with an eleven second advantage over the Dark	Dark	PROPN	Blues	PROPN	 Blues
Working extensively with the musicians and his instructional cards — the Oblique Strategies — during the two years working on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hence the halo region of the Milky Way galaxy, including globular cluster members, are unlikely to host habitable	habitable	ADJ	terrestrial	ADJ	 terrestrial
Madero had escaped from prison and, while in exile in the US in November 1910, called for an	an	DET	uprising	NOUN	 uprising
The fourteenth tropical cyclone and named storm of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season, Nadine developed from a tropical wave	wave	NOUN	west	NOUN	 west
Latex condoms also performed better for the consumer: they were stronger and thinner than rubber condoms, and had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Combs announced, however, that he would serve only until a new election could be held. In April	April	PROPN	1951	NUM	 1951
In addition to her transgressive appearance, which was described as a " mash up of brazen Seventies punk and	and	CCONJ	spooky	ADJ	 spooky
The tourists had largely been content to wait for loose deliveries, rather than take risks, and as the	the	DET	Englishmen	PROPN	 Englishmen
" When a post office was established in 1930 in the unincorporated settlement of Drennan, near the site of	of	ADP	some	PRON	 some
The first festival at Worthy Farm was the Pilton Pop, Blues & Folk Festival, mounted by Michael Eavis	Eavis	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun Times felt that the reboot provided better reasons for why Peter Parker adopts his	his	PRON	superhero	NOUN	 superhero
The huia, with the previously endangered saddleback, were the two species of classic bark and wood probers in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Poet John Milton wrote anonymous pamphlets advocating for ideas such as liberalizing divorce, the establishment of a republic and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
As the carrier was designed for a support role, significant anti aircraft weaponry was installed on the vessel:	:	PUNCT	sixteen	NUM	 sixteen
When the agents confront Ausbury with the accusations, he is shocked, and denies them. Shannon stays after	after	SCONJ	school	NOUN	 school
Thereafter, he worked irregularly and attended political and religious meetings, trying to understand the reasons for the economic	economic	ADJ	turmoil	NOUN	 turmoil
In 2009, Activision tripled its Guitar Hero offerings, and in addition to further continuation of the existing main	main	ADJ	series	NOUN	 series
Mortal Kombat 3 and its updates added a sixth " run " button. Characters in the early Mortal Kombat	Kombat	PROPN	games	NOUN	 games
" Catucci described " SMS (Bangerz) " as a " merry rap off " with pop singer Britney	Britney	PROPN	Spears	PROPN	 Spears
However, those who met him found him to possess a quiet and cool demeanor, obvious intelligence, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Similarly, if it were too salty, only extreme halophiles could survive in its environment. Evidence suggests the	the	DET	existence	NOUN	 existence
They also have red eyes. Its diet consists of a variety of crustaceans, mainly krill, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
It peaked at number one on the albums chart in Argentina and was certified gold for selling 20,000 units in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1900, the university established the MacLennan Travelling Library. McGill University Waltz composed by Frances C. Robinson,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Hence, Louisiana has had a bounty to try to reduce nutria numbers. Large alligators, however, feed	feed	VERB	heavily	ADV	 heavily
Balotelli scored his first goal of the 2011 – 12 campaign in a 2 – 0 League Cup win against	against	ADP	Birmingham	PROPN	 Birmingham
Takeda defined it as a literal anime sweatshop, the building was shutdown at 9: 00 pm and a	a	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
The decision had been taken to have no Territorial Force units in Ireland and so the two yeomanry regiments were	were	AUX	disbanded	VERB	 disbanded
An Indian resistance movement against U.S. expansion had been growing through the leadership of the Shawnee brothers, Tecumseh and	and	CCONJ	Tenskwatawa	PROPN	 Tenskwatawa
" Laws also felt that the speed at which the immigration department operated was " amazingly on the ball "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
After his army crossed the Euphrates, following a route opened up by Lucullus over a hundred years before,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
" The number of active mills dropped from 250 in 1926 to 81 in 1947 and 24 in 1974,	,	PUNCT	increasingly	ADV	 increasingly
Bates cautioned that, just as one should not attempt to run a marathon without training, one should not	not	PART	immediately	ADV	 immediately
In 2001 61.6% of people living in Cullompton travelled to work by car or van and 83% of	of	ADP	households	NOUN	 households
Since Hawking's publication, many others have verified the result through various approaches. If Hawking's theory of	of	ADP	black	ADJ	 black
An uncomfortable Ben tells Leslie they should tell her about their relationship, but Leslie does not want to lose	lose	VERB	the	DET	 the
Heywood was among those who remained on board. Not all the 25 men who remained on Bounty were mutineers	mutineers	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Beyoncé first performed " If I Were a Boy " on November 6, 2008, at the MTV Europe	Europe	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
Attempts by the New Jersey Legislature to reform local government and the school systems led to the breakup of most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The sultan would write on the same sheet " I have been informed " (manzurum olmuştur) multiple times	times	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The British refused to cooperate in the French plot, and an attack was averted. According to Lambert,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
At the time of his birth, the standard transcription was " Soeharto " and he preferred the original spelling	spelling	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
I have told the Sec. of War, Mr. Stimson, to use it so that military objectives and	and	CCONJ	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
" In 1800, Madison was appointed as a trustee of the Kentucky Seminary in Franklin County. On December	December	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
We are committed to working closely with Pakistan and Afghanistan to prevent this from ever happening again. " US	US	PROPN	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
As of April of the 2010 – 2011 school year, Whitney High School runs forty seven clubs. Many	Many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
During the siege of Stalingrad, Novikov successfully persuaded Marshal Zhukov and in turn, Joseph Stalin that the air	air	NOUN	force	NOUN	 force
Lyell's theory of uniformitarianism and his interpretation of geologic change as the steady accumulation of minute changes over enormously	enormously	ADV	long	ADJ	 long
The people they were sent to rescue refused to leave, so instead the soldiers helped evacuate members of a	a	DET	German	ADJ	 German
Hammond designed it as the company's flagship product, in response to market competition and to replace the B	B	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
Became the NATIONAL CHAMPIONS in an event called BAJA STUDENT INDIA in January 2015. The Institute of Electrical and	and	CCONJ	Electronics	PROPN	 Electronics
Monopoly is cited as the board game played most often and most duplicated via hand made copies in the former	former	ADJ	German	PROPN	 German
Additionally, a single player outfit pack was released on Xbox Live. The pack contains the Demolition, Sure	Sure	PROPN	Shot	PROPN	 Shot
At the end of the year, Emotions finished number 35 on the Year End Albums Chart of 1991.	.	PUNCT	To	ADP	 To
Tech's Graham Harrell threw a touchdown pass and Texas answered with a rushing touchdown. On the ensuing kick	kick	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The letters " LTFC " were added in 1935, and this basic design remained until 1947. The club	club	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
Carte later said it was " the scheme of my life " to found a school of high quality,	,	PUNCT	family	NOUN	 family
The Ramayana narrates: Kabandha was born as a gandharva (celestial musician) named Vishvavasu. He was the	the	DET	son	NOUN	 son
In a meeting in New York, Misholi had the idea of building a business around centralized hardware systems to	to	PART	support	VERB	 support
" Yes, I think that can be done ", I said... I had no doubt of its	its	PRON	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
His most recognized tunes included the chart topping country / pop hits " King of the Road ", "	"	PUNCT	Dang	PROPN	 Dang
The request was denied on 15 March, and by the summer of 1991, the JNA came under the	the	DET	control	NOUN	 control
Beria's proposals were designed to denigrate Stalin and pass the blame for Beria's own crimes to the late	late	ADJ	leader	NOUN	 leader
They sued, and in May 1965 the Montana Supreme Court ruled in Siskon's favor. Siskon bought the	the	DET	mine	NOUN	 mine
In his minor league career, he batted.289, with a.376 OBP and a.487 slugging percentage in 752 at bats	bats	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His parents ' only surviving son, he had three older sisters. Gaddafi's upbringing in Bedouin culture influenced	influenced	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Not much talent was available as other teams protected young prospects. The players the Senators did select were "	"	PUNCT	journeymen	PROPN	 journeymen
Contribution by Harmony Samuels, Kenneth " Babyface " Edmonds, Patrick " J. Que " Smith and Victorious co	co	PROPN	star	NOUN	 star
The reviewer for Edge further praised the art direction, especially with regards to the enemy and armor designs.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The building was extensively renovated in 1989 to accommodate the needs of Salomon Brothers. This led to the alternative	alternative	ADJ	naming	NOUN	 naming
Handlen had much praise for the second half, which he noted was filled with dark humor, and featured	featured	VERB	a	DET	 a
Toriyama designed the game's aesthetic, including characters, monsters, vehicles, and the look of each era	era	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1887 trains took between 15 and 20 minutes to travel approximately one mile from Wood Siding to Brill,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" He said that anticommunism had given way to a new, aggressive defense establishment in the United States.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Fraternities began to share the social spotlight with ribbon societies at the university, which were founded in reaction to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
They decided to separate into several sub committees responsible for various aspects of the Games. These committees included housing	housing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He directed his followers in " sexual theater ", a form of psychodrama that often involved public and group	group	NOUN	sex	NOUN	 sex
Lewis Corner from Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars, stating that its " ear snagging	snagging	VERB	melody	NOUN	 melody
Junya Nakano was born in Kyoto, Japan. His parents introduced him to music when he was three years	years	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
It also received nominations for the Satellite Award for Best Animated or Mixed Media Feature, the Chicago Film Critics	Critics	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
" Describing her as " ultra competent, " Natural Living Today's Emily Nussbaum likened Monica to the fairy	fairy	NOUN	tale	NOUN	 tale
Mars is scarred by a number of impact craters: a total of 43,000 craters with a diameter of 5	5	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger wrote that " after an underwhelming pre credits sequence... this sucker moved,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
From late 1974 Holmes took the lead in furthering plans to silence Scott; through various intermediaries he found Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	Newton	PROPN	 Newton
In " Under the Hood " (2005), a resurrected Todd tries to force Batman to avenge his	his	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
In the winter of 1928 – 29, Hammond toured Australia with the M.C.C. The side was a strong one	one	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Harris suggests that this showed that the journalist " had long ceased operating on a rational wavelength about the diaries	diaries	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
During this time the First World War broke out. After recuperating from a bout of phlebitis, Crowley set	set	VERB	sail	NOUN	 sail
It is inspired by the N.W.A biopic Straight Outta Compton and is a compilation style album, featuring a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the war, he aided soldiers by providing supplies and holding rallies for those returning home. In public	public	ADJ	affairs	NOUN	 affairs
" Tom Sinclair of Entertainment Weekly said she was " in fine voice ", He wrote that " Through	Through	ADP	the	DET	 the
It's got a shot that's always stuck with me, when Buzz Lightyear discovers he's a toy	toy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The engravings, by Jan Sadeler and Crispijn de Passe, were widely distributed in Scotland, along with those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The cap tissue is made of narrow cylindrical hyphae that are 4.5 – 9 μm in diameter. They contain	contain	VERB	granules	NOUN	 granules
Red Headed Woman begins with Harlow seducing her boss Bill LeGendre and intentionally breaking up his marriage. During her	her	PRON	seductions	NOUN	 seductions
The festival had the largest attendance since the construction of the security fence, and the largest legitimate attendance to	to	ADP	date	NOUN	 date
The avoidance principle implies that any smooth curve eventually either reaches a singularity (such as a point of infinite	infinite	ADJ	curvature	NOUN	 curvature
Proceeding onward, the tank completely traversed the Gifu and destroyed five more pillboxes, breaching a gap 200 yd	yd	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Hirschman believed that Nurkse's balanced growth theory wasn't in fact a theory of growth. Growth implies the	the	DET	gradual	ADJ	 gradual
Section 9 speculates that the project itself created the Puppet Master, who then escaped, and Section 6 now	now	ADV	wants	VERB	 wants
They released an album, Mehliana: Taming the Dragon, in February 2014. Late in 2015, a	a	DET	collection	NOUN	 collection
The first release in this project and the sixth release in the Mana series was announced in September 2005 as	as	ADP	Children	PROPN	 Children
All action is unified into one basic plot: Prospero's struggle to regain his dukedom; it is also	also	ADV	confined	VERB	 confined
Phanocles, a near contemporary of Hermesianax, composed an elegiac catalogue of mythological pederastic relationships entitled the Loves or	or	CCONJ	Beautiful	ADJ	 Beautiful
Upon entering the Ellwood House, guests of Isaac or Perry Ellwood would have been greeted or formally welcomed by	by	ADP	members	NOUN	 members
Built from brick and stone, the frontage features square Corinthian columns. Still a popular venue, it is	is	AUX	today	NOUN	 today
In 1990, the country was reunified. In the 21st century, Germany is a great power and has	has	VERB	the	DET	 the
When the Miami Seahawks of the new All America Football Conference (AAFC) offered him a $12,000 contract	contract	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Each forelimb of the horse runs from the scapula or shoulder blade to the navicular bone. In between are	are	AUX	the	DET	 the
11.4% had no religion, 0.2% had an alternative religion and 7.4% did not state their religion	religion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ships were armed with four 8.8 cm SK L / 30 guns placed in single pivot mounts, two	two	NUM	side	NOUN	 side
Following disembarkation, the 2 / 5th concentrated around Tadji airstrip. In December, the Australians began offensive operations	operations	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
In March 1826, when she was 24, she formed a relationship with the 22 year old William Corder	Corder	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
They were effective in battle, but translated into much anti Tutsi sentiment in the local media. It was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
Directed by Harry Winer, with a story by Phil Klemmer, John Enbom, and Joe Voci and a	a	DET	teleplay	NOUN	 teleplay
This forced companies to consolidate. In addition, Native American graves had to be relocated and temporary fish ladders	ladders	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
In the May 2014 issue of Glamour, she stated, " I associate that name [ScarJo] with	with	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Frank has partnered with Ron Paul in support of online gambling rights. In 2006, both strongly opposed H.R.	H.R.	PROPN	4777	NUM	 4777
Raziel ventures into a large cathedral once inhabited by the humans and finds the Zephonim clan. After ascending into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
In her first year in the Swimsuit Issue (1999), she painted Rebecca Romijn, Heidi Klum,	,	PUNCT	Sarah	PROPN	 Sarah
Unsuccessful candidates have their deposits forfeited if they do not receive at least one eighth of the total number of	of	ADP	votes	NOUN	 votes
At the height of the fighting, on 17 January 1945, Wallenberg was called to General Malinovsky's headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
After they have subsided and sunk below the sea surface such flat top seamounts are called " guyots " or	or	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
At this time, the hurricane watch area was modified to Tampico to Tuxpan, and a hurricane warning was	was	AUX	issued	VERB	 issued
.. systematically manhandles chapters and verses to bring out ' Contradictions, ' ' Absurdities, ' ' Atrocities,	,	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
He was fine with this, saying " as good as today was for Appalachian State, they can take	take	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Sound on Sound's Rod Spark, a longtime Hammond enthusiast, said these models were " a matter of	of	ADP	taste	NOUN	 taste
An additional five Japanese divisions and two mixed brigades were sent to Leyte, and the battle became one of	of	ADP	grinding	VERB	 grinding
Mustaine explained that " Loved to Deth " was his " version of a love song " to his girlfriend	girlfriend	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In 2011 the tomb was cleaned of the many lipstick marks left there by admirers, and a glass barrier	barrier	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Most of the inhabitants deserted Danebury, and groups of bodies were disposed of in charnel pits. The site	site	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
The North Korean attack spread south and by 1200 North Korean small arms fire fell on G Company, 5th	5th	PROPN	Cavalry	PROPN	 Cavalry
And of course the game was written in XNA, so it was a no brainer ". Schatz tried	tried	VERB	but	CCONJ	 but
Due to the storm surge, part of Louisiana Highway 82 was closed between Holly Beach and Johnson Bayou.	.	PUNCT	Additionally	ADV	 Additionally
One reason for Roosevelt's action was his desire to neutralize a potential rival for the presidency: Taft's	's	PART	success	NOUN	 success
The case notably altered the policy of the French Emperor Napoleon III, who shifted from opposing the movement for	for	ADP	Italian	ADJ	 Italian
Kahn also decided to end the video with an image of Spears smiling, because " We just needed to	to	PART	tell	VERB	 tell
The minutes of the commission of The Virgin of the Immaculate Conception (1607 – 1613), which were	were	AUX	composed	VERB	 composed
In 1982, the US Mint began minting pennies coated in copper but containing primarily zinc. The new zinc	zinc	NOUN	pennies	NOUN	 pennies
I despise them. " As a result, Arndt developed his script lampooning the thought process: " And	And	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Leo and Grace, however, assure Will that they will have a wedding reception in honor of him,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
By the end of August, the crisis subsided. North Korean attacks on the perimeter had tapered off.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Megh formed on November 5, 2015, in the eastern Arabian Sea, and followed a path similar to	to	ADP	Chapala	PROPN	 Chapala
The album contained songs that " Mama (Mana's mother) wants Mana chan to sing ". Her	Her	PRON	official	ADJ	 official
Shelley differentiates her travel book from others by presenting her material from what she describes as " a political point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For instance, they suggested building new radars that could be used over land, allowing the fight to continue	continue	VERB	throughout	ADP	 throughout
Assigned to the 9th Brigade, 3rd Division, the Liverpool Scottish occupied trenches in the Kemmel area, five	five	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
" He was considered extremely difficult to work with, often voting against the rest of the board and wanting	wanting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Upon crossing County Route 657 (CR 657), the road heads into residential areas before crossing a Southern	Southern	PROPN	Railroad	PROPN	 Railroad
It turns out she was placed there by her father, the sorcerer Okba and one of the murderers of	of	ADP	Thalaba	PROPN	 Thalaba
The 3rd person singular and plural nominative forms, ngonggega and bogo, are labeled ' rare ' because they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
; " [it doesn't so much raise] the bar, as balances it on top of Mount	Mount	PROPN	Snowdon	PROPN	 Snowdon
Altrincham is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shrewsbury, and the Church of England Diocese of Chester. The	The	DET	nearest	ADJ	 nearest
The species is found in west southern Canada, and in the United States its distribution forms a crescent from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
De Flacourt's " tivouch " led early writers to believe that variants of the bird were found on Madagascar	Madagascar	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The larger chain of command, legal framework, discourses, and established practices which resulted in the sinking have	have	AUX	not	PART	 not
An archaeological survey of the Citadel of Arbil, in the plain south of the lower course of the Great	Great	PROPN	Zab	PROPN	 Zab
The main turret armour was 290 millimetres (11.4 in) in thickness with a 50 millimetre (2.0 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
After her homeport was changed to New York in December 1945, she made several more runs to Europe as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The film is a romance with a storyline focused around a country boy who follows a circus parade to the	the	DET	circus	NOUN	 circus
In County Cork, Ireland, the county's gun clubs shot over 23,000 hooded crows in two years in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Allocation of codes for Svalbard and Jan Mayen occurs under Norway's entry in ISO 3166 2, ISO 3166	3166	NUM	2	NUM	 2
It is a collaborative enterprise between local conservation volunteers and Gateshead Council, seeking to turn two hectares of unattractive	unattractive	ADJ	wasteland	NOUN	 wasteland
A week later Jim Gannon returned to Edgeley Park for a third spell as manager, following a successful period	period	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The depression moved briskly westward, and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Dean at 1500 UTC on August 14.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Black was one of the Associate Justices who held in Brown v. Board of Education that segregation in public	public	ADJ	schools	NOUN	 schools
In one such review, an anonymous critic from the New York Times Book Review noted that the beginning of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the 14th edition in 1942, the Dewey Decimal Classification index was over 1,900 pages in length and was	was	AUX	published	VERB	 published
Recruited by several firms, Romney joined the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), reasoning that working as a	a	DET	management	NOUN	 management
Roth took on the role of conductor for the series after trying to get the show to be performed by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Offshore South Korea, the winds and waves wrecked 28 boats, while one boat went missing with a crew	crew	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Drake has also been critiqued for his expensive, product placement heavy attire, exampled the video for " Hotline	Hotline	PROPN	Bling	PROPN	 Bling
Louis Antoine de Saint Just was born at Decize in the former Nivernais province of central France. He was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
There is widespread agreement among Wilde scholars that the most important influence on the play was W. S. Gilbert's	's	PART	1877	NUM	 1877
The fungus is better cooked before eating, and some authors recommend discarding the glutinous cuticle and tubes before cooking	cooking	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The line and hedge were considered to be an infringement on the freedom of Indians and in opposition to free	free	ADJ	trade	NOUN	 trade
At approximately 12: 00 UTC on September 30, a low pressure area developed into a tropical depression while	while	SCONJ	situated	VERB	 situated
, London, 1821. " The book was reprinted in many subsequent versions with a 6th edition in 1826	1826	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
When the examiner uses color, the imaging is not much improved. A thrombus may not be evident in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Manage Lake Okeechobee as an ecological resource to avoid the drastic rise and fall of water levels in the lake	lake	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Kentrosaurus was by Hennig assigned to the Stegosauridae in 1915. This is confirmed by modern cladistic analyses, although	although	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In season three's " Relic ", it is revealed Jor El came to Smallville as a " rite	rite	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1914 the Australian ornithologist Gregory Mathews delineated five species, which remain valid. Analysis of ribosomal and mitochondrial	mitochondrial	ADJ	DNA	PROPN	 DNA
Furthermore, in Asturias (2002), Andalusia (2002) and Extremadura (2003), same sex	sex	NOUN	couples	NOUN	 couples
However, Grandison could not marry her, as she demanded that he, an Anglican Protestant, become a	a	DET	Catholic	PROPN	 Catholic
The three major components of peat are humic acid, humins, and fulvic acid. Of these, humins	humins	NOUN	give	VERB	 give
According to Billboard and tour producer Arthur Fogel, the tour grossed over US $194.7 million ($228,542,704	228,542,704	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The motorway is nationally significant because of its positive economic impact on the cities and towns it connects, and	and	CCONJ	because	SCONJ	 because
Angel was to have been a mutant experiment by William Stryker, transforming into Archangel. A reference to Dougherty	Dougherty	PROPN	's	PART	's
In a November 1, 2006 interview, Fey said she had seen the first two episodes of Studio 60	60	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The British warship HMS Marlborough rescued the Dowager Empress Marie and some of her family from the Crimea but Grand	Grand	PROPN	Duchess	PROPN	 Duchess
The only exception is if National Harbor becomes the location for the Prince George's County casino. In May	May	PROPN	2016	NUM	 2016
Factories such as those that produce bricks or timber products are located further away from the main city areas.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
It's really good. " [There] was never even a question of whether or not to put	put	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In 1827, Lathrop Minor Taylor established a post for Samuel Hanna and Company, in whose records the name	name	NOUN	St.	PROPN	 St.
" On 12 April, concluding that all was lost, the U.S. evacuated its embassy personnel by helicopter during	during	ADP	Operation	PROPN	 Operation
The word " pullet " itself comes from Middle English pulet, from Old French polet, both from Latin	Latin	ADJ	pullus	NOUN	 pullus
Bart King was regarded by many of his contemporaries as an affable person. Ralph Barker called him the Bob	Bob	PROPN	Hope	PROPN	 Hope
According to Kurt and Barbara Aland it agrees with the Byzantine standard text 151 times, and 72 times with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chitwood pointed out that Tyler was a logical candidate: as a Southern slaveowner, he both balanced the ticket	ticket	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This right, however, was more than 40 years ago conferred by statute, which, among other things	things	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Jason Alkeny of AllMusic stated that the album would only really be accessible to hardcore Flaming Lips fans,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Billy Vaughn covered " Here We Go Again " on his 1967 Ode to Billy Joe instrumental jazz album,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
At this time, the Rev. Elias van Bunschooten, a Princeton trained minister residing in Sussex County, New	New	PROPN	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
Vettel's car was still suffering from the hydraulics problem and he completed just five laps, again setting the	the	DET	slowest	ADJ	 slowest
He finished his service in the Mediterranean with action at the Battle of Cape St Vincent, and later served	served	VERB	in	ADP	 in
However, in 2009 the VH 71 procurement was abruptly terminated following the withdrawal of funding. In 2010,	,	PUNCT	Boeing	PROPN	 Boeing
Chris Redfield, a primary character from the video games, was featured for the first time in the film	film	NOUN	franchise	NOUN	 franchise
Mexico was unable to recover from Australia's high scoring from Merritt, who ultimately scored 14 points with 70	70	NUM	per	ADP	 per
After retiring from the military with the rank of wing commander, Plagis returned home to Southern Rhodesia in 1948	1948	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Brian Lowry of Variety concluded that " Lost … approaches its twists with what appears to be a greater	greater	ADJ	degree	NOUN	 degree
Generating Web traffic is a valuable commodity for both individuals and businesses because it indicates notability. With Twitterbots,	,	PUNCT	users	NOUN	 users
To them the Zero did not long remain a mystery plane. Word quickly circulated among the combat pilots as	as	ADP	to	ADP	 to
In keeping with his ninja persona, his character can interact with the game environment to perform acrobatic feats,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Lieber began 2007 on the DL with a strained right oblique, and when he was activated on April 9	9	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
With three days to go, McCain shut down his negative ads against Bush and tried to stress a positive	positive	ADJ	image	NOUN	 image
Fishing is permitted at Colton Point State Park. Anglers must descend the Turkey Path to reach Pine Creek.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Starting in 1922, the production of Grodziskie was continued by only one company, Zjednoczone Browary Grodziskie (United	United	PROPN	Grodzisk	PROPN	 Grodzisk
Located at 138 13th Street East, North Vancouver, Smith converted the attic into a temple for Thelemic rituals	rituals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In January 1944, the Allies intercepted communications indicating that German commanders were concerned by the possibility of landings in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On an even smaller scale, the somatic cells that make up the body of an animal limit their reproduction	reproduction	NOUN	so	SCONJ	 so
Arizona is under the control of the National Park Service, but the U.S. Navy still retains the title.	.	PUNCT	Arizona	PROPN	 Arizona
The Air Force and government eventually concluded that it was too early to make a decision on this matter,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In mid 1910, the Wrights changed the design of the Wright Flyer, moving the horizontal elevator from the	the	DET	front	NOUN	 front
By early afternoon they had returned to their camp, rested, and were on their way south. M.	M.	PROPN	de	X	 de
It features two slightly different battle systems: in the first the user controls human characters in turn based combat	combat	NOUN	manipulated	VERB	 manipulated
An OSRD team had selected the Knoxville, Tennessee, area in April 1942, and in May Arthur Compton	Compton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He sought advice to do so in correspondence with von Kármán; whose advice he followed by enrolling in an	an	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
In 2009 a dispute over Limbang District was settled with Brunei, which dropped its claim over the territory.	.	PUNCT	Sarawak	PROPN	 Sarawak
In 1953, an extension of the Pennsylvania Turnpike from the mainline near Philadelphia north through Northeastern Pennsylvania to the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
Frequently pictured posing by the famous Number 10 front door, Humphrey's primary duties involved catching mice and rats	rats	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On top of the mountain was a well kept plaza with a fire that was kept permanently lit so travellers	travellers	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
By 1919, the industry had collapsed due to prohibition, and after prohibition ended fruit wines dominated the industry	industry	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The initials are difficult to decipher because of partial loss of the gilt Copperplate script. Possibilities include HCA or	or	CCONJ	HA	NOUN	 HA
This agreement revived suspicions that the Dauphin may have been the illegitimate product of Isabeau's rumored affair with the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
Later, Leslie and Tom (Aziz Ansari) visit a community garden in the Pawnee pit, where they	they	PRON	find	VERB	 find
A significant scene in the film is a speech by Gekko to a shareholders ' meeting of Teldar Paper,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Though William's complicity in the lynching has never been proved (and some 19th century Dutch historians have made	made	VERB	an	DET	 an
During the 1930s, after graduating from RADA, he initially worked in repertory theatre in Rusholme and Cardiff before	before	ADP	beginning	VERB	 beginning
" David Edelstein said that the one sidedness of the film creates a lack of dramatic tension and calls it	it	PRON	lazy	ADJ	 lazy
British gunnery was very poor during this period, scoring only four hits out of 210 rounds fired. The	The	DET	primary	ADJ	 primary
Hutchinsia is found on both sides of the gorge. Bloody crane's bill grows on the Bristol side of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Dhaka Stock Exchange is one of the largest in South Asia in terms of trading volume and market capitalisation	capitalisation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
the only misfortune to Tommy Brock – he had his jacket torn and lost one of his boots. So	So	ADV	for	ADP	 for
However, the bill allowing for the purchase of the former forts, which had been turned back over to	to	ADP	private	ADJ	 private
Early in 1988 Jarre met with local officials and members of the community, but Newham Borough Council expressed their	their	PRON	fears	NOUN	 fears
Brown brought in assistants including Blanton Collier, who had been stationed at Great Lakes and met Brown at Bluejackets	Bluejackets	PROPN	practices	NOUN	 practices
However, with a week remaining in the regular season, Schneider was two appearances short of the 25 game	game	NOUN	minimum	NOUN	 minimum
In November 2011, an IEA report entitled Deploying Renewables 2011 said " subsidies in green energy technologies that were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
While reviewing The Fame, BBC said that the song sounded robotic in the line " I wanna take a	a	DET	ride	NOUN	 ride
As a junior, his presence was significant enough that one opposing team practiced with a coach holding a broom	broom	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Jackson performed a medley of " All for You ", " Rhythm Nation ", and an excerpt of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
As he did not want to distract the team from the playoff race, Linden asked for the ceremony to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Deposits found by excavators have been dated to a period between approximately AD 140 to 250, but it is	is	AUX	possible	ADJ	 possible
Lupton believes that Angelou's plot construction and character development were influenced by the same mother / child motif as	as	SCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The permit allowing La Stazione to operate as a restaurant also required the placement of a sign in the building	building	NOUN	's	PART	's
Alcohol was popular with many professional cricketers, and the careers of several Yorkshire players in this period, including	including	VERB	Peate	PROPN	 Peate
The five song demo, which included an early build for " Here Comes the Sun ", was finished	finished	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At this point, it joins SR 49 heading north into the village along Main Street through a primarily residential	residential	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
The referee began the 10 count on Edge, who left the ring, but Edge hit the official.	.	PUNCT	Vickie	PROPN	 Vickie
Liverpool evaded the questions, and the Duke was summoned to Carlton House and castigated by the Prince Regent,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He worked to protect the rights, lands, and privileges of his diocese and cathedral chapter from encroachment by	by	ADP	others	NOUN	 others
While investigating Claire's past through " Snow White ", the bomber calls her to buy the SUV that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
The Polish naval units trapped in the Baltic were destroyed by Ju 87 operations. Once again, enemy air	air	NOUN	opposition	NOUN	 opposition
The JTWC assessed the storm to have attained similar one minute sustained winds upon peaking; however, this was	was	AUX	due	ADJ	 due
In late 1987, Minogue flew to England to record " I Should Be So Lucky ", before returning	returning	VERB	home	ADV	 home
Cudjoe recognizes Angelou's reluctance to disclose these events in the text, stating that although they are important in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Hockey Hall of Fame coach Scotty Bowman credited St. Louis ' desire to succeed as being his primary attribute:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He was grieved to hear from a friend that lobsters are always slit down the front. The lyricist sent	sent	VERB	a	DET	 a
The main characters were named after Tajiri himself as Satoshi, who is described as Tajiri in his youth,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Meanwhile, at FBI headquarters, an unseen figure slips Wormus ' obituary to Reyes. Scully's baby causes	causes	VERB	the	DET	 the
The 1968 New York City building codes did not require sprinklers for high rise buildings, except for underground spaces	spaces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This murder triggered Kristallnacht (Crystal Night), a coordinated attack on Jews and their property throughout Nazi Germany	Germany	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
These references were originally suggested by David Duchovny for the episodes " Colony " and " End Game " but	but	CCONJ	never	ADV	 never
Slovak met future band mates Anthony Kiedis, Flea, and Jack Irons while attending high school in Los Angeles	Angeles	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The gameplay of the original Kingdom Hearts was modified to play more like Kingdom Hearts II. Additionally, the	the	DET	collection	NOUN	 collection
Fordham suggested Will Mackenzie to direct the episode, because of his Broadway experience as Cornelius Hackle in Hello,	,	PUNCT	Dolly	ADV	 Dolly
The continuo, playing throughout, is not shown. The structure of the piece is unusually symmetric. It	It	PRON	opens	VERB	 opens
Snow proposes to Serah Farron two days prior to the start of Final Fantasy XIII. During the Purge (	(	PUNCT	a	DET	a
Sviatoslav destroyed the Khazar city of Sarkel around 965, possibly sacking (but not occupying) the Khazar city	city	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Behind the dam wall, the south branch of the Canning River joins the main stream, with the impounded	impounded	ADJ	water	NOUN	 water
" In July 2006, Body Count released their fourth album, Murder 4 Hire on the indie record label	label	NOUN	Escapi	PROPN	 Escapi
Shortly after he assumed the title of Dauphin, Charles negotiated a truce with John in Pouilly. Charles then	then	ADV	requested	VERB	 requested
Similar covers followed with increasing frequency, with readers and editors giving the various heroines the name of " MacGirl	MacGirl	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Black has followed her, and interrupts the attack; he and Connor struggle, with Black almost being strangled	strangled	VERB	until	SCONJ	 until
Software may be developed by third parties for the Windows Mobile operating system. Developers have several options for deploying	deploying	VERB	mobile	ADJ	 mobile
The depression moved west northwestward at approximately 20 mph (32 km / h) under the influence of a	a	DET	well	ADV	 well
Mastering took place at West West Side Studios, by Alan Douches. The album features three guesting vocalists:	:	PUNCT	Mike	PROPN	 Mike
Gabe assigns Michael six hours of counseling with Toby (Paul Lieberstein) after his ' physical assault ' of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The single, released in June, had reached No. 4 in the US Singles Chart and No.	.	NOUN	2	NUM	 2
Two weeks after the situation began, the Rockets were optimistic. On December 20, White was confirmed to	to	PART	begin	VERB	 begin
" On her Loud Tour, Rihanna performed " Disturbia " as second track, only after the opening song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Thomas Monds purchased the mill, including 13 acres (5 ha) of attached land, at Auction in	in	ADP	1867	NUM	 1867
The need to attract pollinators has led to the evolution of pollination syndromes, which are defined as groups of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Mount Adams is the second most isolated, in terms of access, stratovolcano in Washington; Glacier Peak is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
The senior academic honors convocation begins with an invocation, said by the Abbot of Saint Anselm Abbey, and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
In 1377, Pierre d'Alençon inherited his brother Robert's county of Perche and with it the castle of Bellême	Bellême	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Since the crusade had to pass through Constantinople, however, the Emperor had some control over it. He	He	PRON	required	VERB	 required
The nostrils are preceded by short flaps of skin. The eyes are large and oval in shape, positioned	positioned	VERB	laterally	ADV	 laterally
On March 26, 2012, South Bend passed the Human Rights Ordinance, outlawing discrimination in employment, housing	housing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The team believes the immediate effects of bites from these lizards were caused by mild envenomation. Bites on human	human	ADJ	digits	NOUN	 digits
In addition to membership, as of 2015 there are 1,267 officially registered fan clubs, called penyes, around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
Once a patrol was relieved they would transmit details of all they had seen back to Siwa. The LRDG	LRDG	PROPN	did	AUX	 did
Long then knocked out the screen of a window and jumped out of the building. Two floors below,	,	PUNCT	covered	VERB	 covered
In October 1963, Joseph F. Shea was named Apollo Spacecraft Program Office (ASPO) manager, responsible for	for	ADP	managing	VERB	 managing
" Before The Ashlee Simpson Show debuted, " Pieces of Me " began picking up substantial airplay on radio	radio	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This early work ultimately led to the Department of Agriculture's establishing four Regional Research Laboratories in 1938 that were	were	AUX	devoted	VERB	 devoted
Brought to the area as a colt, oral histories state that the " Rocky Mountain Horse ", as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The park was also designed with aesthetics in mind, being shaped so that its boundaries stretched beyond the horizon	horizon	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
No scholarly, and intellectually provocative, historical novel has been this much fun since The Name of the Rose	Rose	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The song did not appear on the official chart of the United States, but it was a success on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fischer also noted that one of the more interesting aspects of the episode was the " you [the audience	audience	NOUN	]	PUNCT	]
At the time of her sinking, she was in the service of the Italian government but was not carrying	carrying	VERB	any	DET	 any
By that time, Derfflinger and Von der Tann each had only two guns in operation, Moltke was flooded	flooded	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Another son of al Muwaffaq, Harun, also participated in the campaigns. He also served as nominal governor	governor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Marni, although she admits that she still loves Karman, insists that she will stay with her new husband	husband	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
On 11 July 2016, the UK Ministry of Defence confirmed a $2.3 billion order for 50 AH 64Es	64Es	NUM	to	PART	 to
By 1974, the group had become a prominent act on the New York music scene and generated interest from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
However, in 2005, the Court overturned Stanford in Roper v. Simmons and Scalia again dissented, mocking the	the	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
In 1982, the company bought one of the series ' most popular and traditional ones, Darlington Raceway which	which	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Although Tsang called foreign and local domestic workers two distinct labour markets, he said: " Employers of foreign	foreign	ADJ	domestic	ADJ	 domestic
The brainchild of Carl Fisher, the Lincoln Highway was the first highway to cross the United States, connecting	connecting	VERB	New	PROPN	 New
As of 2016, city government consists of mayor Frank Klipsch and a ten person council. One person is	is	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
Some studies conclude that the animal may have hunted in small family groups, with the main group herding prey	prey	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
There is, however, very little wind and rain, especially near the center. This is in stark	stark	ADJ	contrast	NOUN	 contrast
With dispassionate integrity Leonardo has registered in neat mirror writing the colours of the robes that Baroncelli was wearing when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In his first season in Boston, Quackenbush scored 8 goals and 25 points. He continued to stay out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
In both scenarios, the projected warming will be more pronounced during the summer months. The predicted trend for	for	ADP	precipitation	NOUN	 precipitation
Some lamented the use of poor white Southerners, and one dimensional black victims, and Granville Hicks labeled the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
" Part 4: Primadonna " served as the music video for the lead single from the record on 12	12	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
The project involved construction of a 13 story office building (now the headquarters of the American Federation of Teachers	Teachers	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It is about another orphanage abducting Brian Brain in order to exploit him in their plans for world domination.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
For this new deception ' A ' Force had strong support from London – in April the famed Operation Mincemeat	Mincemeat	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The rear portion of the web forms a funnel like retreat area where the spider and egg sacs are found	found	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Originally planned for release in late October 2010, the album was delayed by a few weeks until mid November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1823, Michael Faraday, then an assistant in Davy's lab, successfully liquefied chlorine and went on	on	ADP	to	PART	 to
Paul Lester from BBC felt that the song was " generic machine RnB ". Evan Sawdey from PopMatters commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On 31 October 1961, Polydor released the recording " My Bonnie " (Mein Herz ist bei dir nur	nur	NOUN	/	PUNCT	 /
The staff were concerned over the animation of the characters ' eyes in the episode, as the pupils were	were	AUX	larger	ADJ	 larger
He was a patron of the British Weights and Measures Association. Proudly declaring himself to be English (rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
Before the Championship Scramble match, Punk was attacked by The Legacy (Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Ted	Ted	PROPN	DiBiase	PROPN	 DiBiase
Sometimes, as in Mantra and the large orchestral composition with mime soloists, Inori, the simple formula is	is	AUX	stated	VERB	 stated
At first this work was done to supplement the income of local farmers and their families. The cloth woven	woven	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The alluvial gravel deposits that form the Adams river bottom are ideal for the development of salmon roe and alevins	alevins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Moisture from the remnants of John produced flooding across Texas, which closed a ½ mile (800 m)	)	PUNCT	portion	NOUN	 portion
It remained on the Combined Hardcover & Paperback Fiction list until the February 19, 2012 list (15 weeks	weeks	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Three Ju 52s were shot down for the loss of two Spitfires, both claimed by Wolfgang Tonne of I.	I.	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Orangutans do not defend their territory but effectively have this organization. Other systems are known to occur as well	well	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Although vassals, they had their own government. Their state symbol was the white double headed eagle and they	they	PRON	minted	VERB	 minted
The book is the sixth novel by Miller and was released on 9 June 2011 in the United Kingdom through	through	ADP	Sceptre	PROPN	 Sceptre
This project was completed in 2000. In 2000, the turnpike commission announced plans to build a new bridge	bridge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In spite of all the government did, the agitation of the people at the market of Or San Michele	Michele	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
A rare nocturnal forest creature, the pygmy hippopotamus is a difficult animal to study in the wild. Pygmy	Pygmy	PROPN	hippos	PROPN	 hippos
A compass on the heads up display (HUD) shows both allies and enemies, and objective markers to	to	PART	indicate	VERB	 indicate
Born in Corbridge, Northumberland, he was a promising schoolboy footballer but was rejected by several professional clubs.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
As natural gas supplies in Indiana became depleted, many manufacturers moved or did not survive. The major plants	plants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Welling talked about why he was interested in the project in an interview with Paul Fischer: " The top	top	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
With it Howard set a new World Series record for most strikeouts by a hitter in a single series with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Reggie reluctantly accompanies Delsin to keep an eye on him. They reach Seattle and find that it has been	been	AUX	put	VERB	 put
Abandoned and unmaintained after 1994, the Briarcliff Lodge was destroyed between 2003 and 2004. Walter Law hired Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	architect	NOUN	 architect
By the end of 2004, the game was the 393rd best selling game of the year in Japan,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In collaboration with local organizations, GRI published Cultural Inheritance / L.A.: A Resource Directory of Less Visible Archives	Archives	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The President of Croatia and the Government cooperate in the formulation and implementation of Croatia's foreign policy. This	This	DET	provision	NOUN	 provision
It was suspected that the Great Barrier Reef is the cap to an oil trap, after a 1923 paper	paper	NOUN	suggested	VERB	 suggested
The first people are estimated to have arrived in Virginia over 12,000 years ago. By 5,000 years ago more	more	ADV	permanent	ADJ	 permanent
In 1794, the town's first courthouse was built; it was a wooden structure on Market Square.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Despite the role of the militants in leading the uprising, the colonial authorities immediately held MDRM responsible for the	the	DET	movement	NOUN	 movement
Parker said, " One of the great advantages of working with contemporary recording techniques is that we can mix	mix	VERB	onto	ADP	 onto
Several lines of evidence point to ongoing volcanic activity on Venus. During the Soviet Venera program, the Venera	Venera	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
The loading took six men about twenty five minutes, the unloading ten minutes. On top of this the	the	DET	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Consequently, the need to identify human pathogens was a major impetus for the development of techniques to identify bacteria	bacteria	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Science Fiction Television: A History, author M. Keith Booker observed that " Pulaski never quite meshed with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The last four torpedo bombers scored two hits (one B5N had its torpedo release gear fail) on Yorktown	Yorktown	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
In contrast to the President, Callan highlights Miguel Angel Face's association with love. The love that Miguel	Miguel	PROPN	Angel	PROPN	 Angel
Lack of information dissemination and consumer awareness. Higher capital cost of renewable energy technologies compared with conventional energy technologies	technologies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The film deals with labor relations when Hal Stephens disguises himself and works in a factory he was given by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
From the entrance of the fortress, about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) away is the " Creators of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It crossed the St. Thomas and Eastern Railway just north of Highway 3 before curving to cross the West Catfish	Catfish	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
According to casino spokesperson Luis Laos, she also won $237 playing poker on 29 May and it was	was	AUX	common	ADJ	 common
During the first verse, they fly in a pink Hummer and move their heads to the beat on the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The number of attending spectators to the ticket paid event was between 2,000 and 2,500, with another 30,000 people	people	NOUN	watching	VERB	 watching
All of her electrical power was generated by three main Curtis 360 kilowatt turbo generators and two 200 kilowatt auxiliary	auxiliary	ADJ	units	NOUN	 units
Killing her, Jaden steals the Scepter only to be confronted by Kyle. Jaden defeats and apparently kills Kyle	Kyle	PROPN	escaping	VERB	 escaping
The skit, starring his character Willie Lump Lump, called for the character's wife to hire a carpenter	carpenter	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The last adversary standing was Gongsun Shu (公孫述), whose base was at Chengdu in modern Sichuan.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
As holders and participants of the top division, Arsenal entered the FA Cup in the third round, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
This match was the result of Team 3D's feud with the TNA X Division. In October 2007,	,	PUNCT	Team	PROPN	 Team
Whenever a hero gains a level, the player is able to unlock a new ability for them, improve	improve	VERB	one	NUM	 one
There is little evidence of this distinction in modern Caversham, other than the origins of local street names,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
Similarly Thomas Cox wrote in 1794: We may call it almost all London, being chiefly inhabited by the	the	DET	citizens	NOUN	 citizens
This change was revealed prior to the episode's airing, and a portion of the fandom were critical of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After her rename, she continued plying the North Atlantic between New York and Bremen, and was involved in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
VisuaLive: Persona 4 chronicled the events of the game up until Kanji's inclusion into the party. A	A	DET	second	ADJ	 second
This means that it was seen by 2.4 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 6 percent	percent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She served in both World Wars, although she was little used and saw no combat during the former.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Seeing that Karamanli had no intention of offering acceptable terms, Sivori decided his best course of action would be	be	AUX	to	PART	 to
Bob entered the Canadian province of New Brunswick a few hours later, where it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 19th century, the area north of Bow Road became a major railway centre for the North London	London	PROPN	Railway	PROPN	 Railway
The jury was out for only 35 minutes before returning guilty verdicts against both defendants. On 22 October George	George	PROPN	Orsborne	PROPN	 Orsborne
In Jamaica, the threat of the storm forced the country's two airports to close, and also forced	forced	VERB	two	NUM	 two
In the face of enormous debts Hesketh Fleetwood sold his estates at Blackpool, Southport, Meols Hall, and	and	CCONJ	Tulketh	PROPN	 Tulketh
In Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne, more focus is given to Max and Mona's	's	PART	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
It all sounds extremely realistic, and makes the game come that much more alive. " Eurogamer said "	"	PUNCT	AoE3	PROPN	 AoE3
He participated in various other plays in Dublin, but finding them " all very over the top, very	very	ADV	amateurish	ADJ	 amateurish
The Guardian's TV and radio blog stated that Friends has impacted the creation of other television shows such as	as	ADP	How	SCONJ	 How
As of 2013, the BLM is also researching the possibility of spaying some mares to permanently prevent pregnancies,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) certified the single platinum in Denmark and gold in Switzerland	Switzerland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Where the river widens between Palatka and Jacksonville, wind becomes a significant factor in navigation, and both whitecap	whitecap	NOUN	waves	NOUN	 waves
The generic name, coined by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1878, is a neo Latin term derived from Greek	Greek	ADJ	διπλός	NOUN	 διπλός
On his high school track team, Hoey won the 60 yard dash at the Central Michigan Relays Invitational indoor	indoor	ADJ	meet	VERB	 meet
One story reports that Chapman noticed a supporter in the stands wearing a red sleeveless sweater over a white shirt	shirt	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
It is unknown why the hijackers on Flight 93 waited approximately 46 minutes to begin their assault. At 09	09	NUM	:	SYM	:
The franchise was put out to tender, but the process was halted and later scrapped due to the fallout	fallout	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Four of their albums reached the top 10 on the ARIA Albums Chart, It's a Party (No	No	NOUN	.	PROPN	.
In 1970, the proposed visit of a South African team to England was subject of widespread public opposition.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Each machine was monitored by one technician, who had to hold a pencil within each loop to maintain tension	tension	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shelley combined secondary sources with memoir and anecdote and included her own judgments, a biographical style made popular by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
San Sebastian Church has two openwork towers and steel vaulting. From its floor, the basilica's nave rises	rises	VERB	12	NUM	 12
134, 191 − 192. On 6 November 1945, Lewis flew the Enola Gay back to the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
On 6 July, Rowley's force rendezvoused with the squadron under Pym, consisting of his frigate HMS Sirius	Sirius	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, after completing her first year, Kapoor decided to pursue her interest to become an actress. She	She	PRON	began	VERB	 began
Reports indicate Holloway did not appear on any security camera footage from her hotel's lobby during the course of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For the Baltic Fleet trapped in an eastern bay of the Gulf of Finland, Tallinn was the closest exit	exit	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Zaprešić's educational facilities range from kindergartens to centers of higher education. The city is home to four elementary	elementary	ADJ	schools	NOUN	 schools
" Nicole continued that this scene had to be shot " three or four times. We kept trying to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
Chaney was more generously inclined toward " A Little Less Conversation ". She wrote, " Matthew Morrison managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The ability to open strum the guitar was a feature that was planned for Guitar Hero III but was removed	removed	VERB	before	ADP	 before
Damage to the fishing industry was estimated at $266 million. Overall, losses in the state of Louisiana	Louisiana	PROPN	reached	VERB	 reached
As part of an overall house cleaning, Reeves released Hostetler and named Simms his starting quarterback. He started	started	VERB	all	DET	 all
At least two Orders Pour le Mérite, the Kingdom of Prussia's highest military order, were awarded to	to	ADP	German	ADJ	 German
Essick also analyzes " Times Square ", stating that the language and rhythm used by the poem's subject	subject	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He threatened to reject all economic aid from the US if they failed to respond to his demands, a	a	DET	threat	NOUN	 threat
As the Yugoslav People's Army (Jugoslovenska narodna armija – JNA) withdrew from Croatia following the acceptance and	and	CCONJ	start	NOUN	 start
These include the traditional Muslim biographies of Muhammad, and quotes attributed to him (the sira and hadith literature	literature	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
On 9 March 1942, he reported to the President, Franklin D. Roosevelt, that it might be possible	possible	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The First Carrier Division sailed in mid May for Tawi Tawi in the Philippines. The new base was closer	closer	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
When flying, it appears heavy and large tailed, although its flight is rapid and direct. The common	common	ADJ	wood	NOUN	 wood
It is Hendrix's only original twelve bar blues. Chris Stamp designed the cover of the UK version of	of	ADP	Are	PROPN	 Are
The first set of paired stirrups appeared in China about 322 AD during the Jin Dynasty. Following the invention	invention	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The freeway enters Clinton County, and just north of a crossing of the Grand River, I 69 /	/	SYM	US	PROPN	 US
Politically, the city votes strongly along liberal Democratic Party lines. A popular tourist destination, San Francisco is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
However, the extent of use of the mill's bakery is debatable due to an inadequate oven draft.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At the waterline was a turtleback deck of ⅜ -inch (9.5 mm) steel that formed a watertight seal	seal	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
" In 1999, Streep portrayed Roberta Guaspari, a real life New Yorker who found passion and enlightenment teaching	teaching	VERB	violin	NOUN	 violin
The genome of HBV is made of circular DNA, but it is unusual because the DNA is not fully	fully	ADV	double	ADJ	 double
The line as completed turned north at Dodds, and required several cuts and fills to traverse the rolling terrain	terrain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Martín de Álzaga organized a mutiny on January 1, 1809, and Moreno joined it. Álzaga aspired to	to	PART	replace	VERB	 replace
In the United Kingdom, the song peaked at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart, the week of	of	ADP	29	NUM	 29
It proved the breeder concept. AEC Chairman Gordon Dean described it as a major milestone in nuclear history.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In September 2014, Vanessa Hudgens covered " I Was Here " during the Voices On Point gala in Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
Individuals who were not familiar with astrology had no such tendency. In 1953, sociologist Theodor W. Adorno conducted	conducted	VERB	a	DET	 a
The archaeologists ' efforts at the fort site allowed for the construction of a replica beginning in 1996. Volunteers	Volunteers	NOUN	built	VERB	 built
Symbols for day, month, year, debit, credit, as above, rupee, and numeral are	are	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
They also learn Holly is dating one of the Nashua salesmen named A. J. (Rob Huebel). Deeply	Deeply	ADV	upset	ADJ	 upset
This was founded at a prayer meeting later that year where attendees prayed for human trafficking victims. The organization	organization	NOUN	claims	VERB	 claims
Meyer died on June 25, 2000 after she fell off a ladder and was electrocuted after touching a 7,200	7,200	NUM	volt	NOUN	 volt
" Coming Home " is a downtempo hip hop and pop song, that opens with a " simple piano	piano	NOUN	intro	NOUN	 intro
As DVD Verdict says about this uncut version, " the language is saucier, the violence a bit more	more	ADV	bloody	ADJ	 bloody
In total, twelve missions were launched, ten of which were manned. Following two unmanned test flights,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In this capacity Oppenheimer became involved in bureaucratic conflict between the Army and Air Force over the types of nuclear	nuclear	ADJ	weapons	NOUN	 weapons
"), and later apologized after public outcry. This comment embarrassed Pinochet's followers and " reactivated cultural	cultural	ADJ	revulsion	NOUN	 revulsion
Sign Route 41, which followed Legislative Route 125 northeast of Cholame, continued along Route 33 west to the	the	DET	coast	NOUN	 coast
A 277 lb ' light ' shell had a maximum range of 10,330 yards (9,450 m) when fired	fired	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In June 1666, they fought the Dutch at the Four Days Battle, one of the longest naval battles	battles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
3Live Kru won the match by pinfall after Konnan slammed Young face first into the mat with his signature Facejam	Facejam	PROPN	maneuver	NOUN	 maneuver
The report stated that the " rustic quality " of the bridge is not compatible with roadways larger than two	two	NUM	lanes	NOUN	 lanes
But really exciting, too. " Dissident Gardens was quickly followed up in February 2015 with Lucky Alan and	and	CCONJ	Other	ADJ	 Other
Books printed by Evans have been reproduced using some of the original blocks which have " remained in continuous use	use	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Thus, he went to Prague alone but for his suite and favourite attendant, Giuliano Dami. Gian Gastone	Gastone	PROPN	's	PART	's
Mulder discounts Bocks ' theory that this act is a variation of extraterrestrial cattle mutilation, and suggests they search	search	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Blücher knew that Marmont's Corps was weak and his plan was to destroy it and thus fall upon the	the	DET	rear	NOUN	 rear
He also participated in the first and second round table conferences. Srinivasa Sastri was a part of the delegation	delegation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The prefecture level city roughly corresponds to the basin of the Lhasa River, which is the center of Tibet	Tibet	PROPN	politically	ADV	 politically
This is important because most applications of SMAW are manual, requiring that an operator hold the torch. Maintaining	Maintaining	VERB	a	DET	 a
" This was going to be a story in which Spock died, so it was going to be a	a	DET	story	NOUN	 story
While Portland Parks & Recreation maintains the park, in 1988 the Portland Water Bureau assumed responsibility for the fountain	fountain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Goldman was charged with violating the Comstock Law. Refusing to pay a $100 fine, Goldman spent two	two	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Belief in the existence of a soul (54%) and a connection between the worlds of the living	living	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This caused complications as Campbell allocated too much time for filming in Sydney and not enough in Manchester. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
During his tenure in the Court of Appeal he oversaw some of the most significant cases of the era,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
On Boxing Day Arsenal recorded a win against Chelsea and two days after, earned three points at home to	to	ADP	Middlesbrough	PROPN	 Middlesbrough
Blackrock was developed into a feature film of the same name in 1997. Blackrock is an Australian beachside working	working	VERB	class	NOUN	 class
All twenty two cars contested the first part, with seven drivers eliminated from further contention in each of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The bodies of the Zenbooks are made of aluminium, chosen for its light weight, strength, vibration dampening	dampening	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Even though the Puritan colonists of New England were supportive of Oliver Cromwell's reign in England, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Ivaylo's legacy enjoyed huge popularity beyond the borders of Bulgaria years after his death. At least two "	"	PUNCT	Pseudo	PROPN	 Pseudo
Mayweather offers to make a few repairs and upgrades to systems on the ship, but Paul tells him to	to	PART	stop	VERB	 stop
The adult Jason (Derek Mears) kidnaps Whitney Miller (Amanda Righetti), a girl who looks like	like	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Upon release as a single in 2009, it debuted at number 70 on the Hot R & B /	/	SYM	Hip	PROPN	 Hip
Black Americans and Latino Americans created uprock and breaking in New York City. Black Americans in California created locking	locking	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was a chain shift, meaning that each shift triggered a subsequent shift in the vowel system. Mid	Mid	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The Netherlands had one of the largest scenes, sometimes retroactively described as Nederbeat. The Outsiders, from Amsterdam	Amsterdam	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These flights primarily involved transporting cargo, as Chief of the Air Staff Frederick Scherger directed in 1959 that the	the	DET	RAAF	NOUN	 RAAF
Newborn rays are smooth skinned; shortly after birth small, blunt tubercles appear in the middle of the back	back	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1993, Daniela Federici created an homage with Anna Nicole Smith as Mansfield and New York City DJ Sky	Sky	PROPN	Nellor	PROPN	 Nellor
Five Finger Death Punch also occasionally play ballads. Bathory described Five Finger Death Punch as " a straight up	up	ADV	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
In 1775 he became involved in the American invasion of Quebec early in the American Revolutionary War, and served	served	VERB	with	ADP	 with
On August 23, 1910, Maeda wrestled Jack Connell in Havana; the result was a draw. During	During	ADP	1911	NUM	 1911
Later, with the aid of Bouvier, Q, and Sanchez's girlfriend Lupe Lamora, Bond frames Krest	Krest	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
In 2002, the rig was upgraded with " e drill ", a drill monitoring system whereby technical personnel	personnel	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Agni reinstates Sita and declares that Rama created the illusionary Sita to bring about Ravana's annihilation and with that	that	DET	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
The Ashland Center of the University of Kentucky became the second University of Kentucky extension center. Details of the	the	DET	planned	VERB	 planned
The Mk 41 Stable Vertical (also called Gun Director) was a vertical seeking gyroscope. Its function was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
He was also present at Leicester Square for the premiere of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix on	on	ADP	3	NUM	 3
By 1910, Chance began to groom Fred Luderus as his successor at first base. He rebuilt the team	team	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the opinion of Rasanayagam Mudaliar and Swami Gnanapragasar the Aryacakravarti dynasty was connected to the Eastern Ganga Dynasty through	through	ADP	maternal	ADJ	 maternal
Immigration studies (migration studies), which examine the change in cancer risk in populations moving between countries with	with	ADP	different	ADJ	 different
Tripoli, nominally a subject of the Ottoman Empire, was practically autonomous in conducting her foreign affairs, and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
Cornell said, " By the time we were finished, it felt like it had been kind of hard	hard	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The initial event caused a number of wood framed homes in Scotia to come off their foundations while the porches	porches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although Ross supported the extension, she could not be seen as unable to do her job without O'Reilly's	's	PART	assistance	NOUN	 assistance
Patch initiated a new offensive just as the 38th Division began to withdraw from the inland ridges and hills that	that	PRON	it	PRON	 it
The publishing of the book disturbed the Yugoslav government, which lodged a complaint with the US Department of State	State	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They blamed the deficiency on a failure to use an altitude correction and that the engines had not been properly	properly	ADV	adjusted	VERB	 adjusted
In 1877 Achilles was rerigged as a barque. Both of her funnels were retractable to reduce wind resistance while	while	SCONJ	under	ADP	 under
In interviews, farmers identified the species as useful for fence posts, live fencing and firewood, and as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He originally intended By the Way to be made up of " these punky, rough songs ", drawing	drawing	VERB	inspiration	NOUN	 inspiration
The game was first released in North America on October 31, 1998, and in PAL regions in November	November	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Among other commentators discussing the lyrical themes, Mark Hertsgaard writes that Harrison's " response to the fleetingness of	of	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
Adams gave the episode a C. M. Giant of Television Without Pity awarded the episode a " B ".	.	PUNCT	Roth	PROPN	 Roth
In an interview for Toronto Star, she said, " Every time I'm in Canada I feel more	more	ADV	Swedish	ADJ	 Swedish
The causes for such deterioration have been identified and remedial actions have been initiated. The various fishing nets being	being	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Although not an official twin city, Tampere, Finland is known as " the Manchester of Finland " –	–	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Its editor is Andrew Anglin, who founded it on July 4, 2013, as a faster paced replacement	replacement	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Anna's children were all canonised. The eldest, Seaxburh, was the wife of Eorcenberht of Kent.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Archaeologists have established human occupation of the rock since at least the Iron Age (2nd century AD),	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
It is named after the ancient Greek mathematician Euclid, who first described it in Euclid's Elements (c.	c.	PROPN	300	NUM	 300
The story of Bawcock was popularised by Antonia Barber's children's book The Mousehole Cat, which featured the	the	DET	star	NOUN	 star
In June 1851, soldiers of the United States Army led by Major Philip Kearny attacked the Takelma near Lower	Lower	PROPN	Table	PROPN	 Table
He once wrote to Roger de Meyland, the Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield " These things need your attention	attention	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, The Godfather: The Game and Scarface: The World Is Yours entered the market in 2006,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
One element of opposition the report quelled was the discussion of alternatives. All the proposed alternatives — extension of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Most accounts say Alden was within reach of the gates, only to stop and try to shoot his pursuer	pursuer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some atoms on Earth have been artificially generated either deliberately or as by products of nuclear reactors or explosions.	.	PUNCT	Of	ADP	 Of
The airline put its first 737 900ER into service on November 8, 2012 on a flight from Seattle to	to	ADP	San	PROPN	 San
But, hey, there's an embarrassment of riches at the Caesar's Pow Wow Indian Casino. You	You	PRON	can	AUX	 can
The section soon came under heavy machine gun and grenade fire from six Japanese posts. Clambering up the cliff	cliff	NOUN	face	NOUN	 face
Inside the TV World, the player assembles a party, consisting of the protagonist and up to three other	other	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
The New York Times named wii sports as the Game of the year, also The gaming website Gamasutra said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Nri expanded through converts gaining neighboring communities ' allegiance, not by force. Nri's royal founder, Eri	Eri	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Professor Colin Barrow from Cranfield School of Management described Madonna as " America's smartest businesswoman... who has moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Fitz begins to recover suppressed memories that he once had a wife and a child who have now vanished.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Some hockey writers speculated a New Jersey player did not win because there were multiple candidates, resulting in a	a	DET	split	ADJ	 split
The show was also financed by the alfajor manufacturer Jorgito and the bus company Flecha Bus, while the wardrobe	wardrobe	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Nine men in teams of three would undertake the sledging work. The first stage, hauling over the sea	sea	NOUN	ice	NOUN	 ice
In the thirteenth century, French flourished as a literary language, and produced the Roman de Fergus, one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Diphtheria was diagnosed the following morning, and soon the disease spread to Alice's children Alix, Marie,	,	PUNCT	Irene	PROPN	 Irene
This rationalisation was to become a target of the Counter Reformation. The iconography of the ceiling has had various	various	ADJ	interpretations	NOUN	 interpretations
It should be able to climb to that altitude in four and a half minutes or less and it should	should	AUX	have	VERB	 have
The character's initial concept art went through a large number of changes before it was finalized to a much	much	ADV	simpler	ADJ	 simpler
However, the NTSB determined that V1 was not relevant to this incident because it is only intended to advise	advise	VERB	pilots	NOUN	 pilots
During the 17 August qualification round, Lloyd was placed in the third heat. He completed the race in	in	ADP	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
Westenra co wrote four of the fifteen tracks, and the album also features singer Humphrey Berney. The US	US	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
As a defense measure, the Cuban iguana often makes its home within or near prickly pear cacti. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The more complete characters profiles in the novel clearly showed the strong relationship between Bond and Leiter. In turn	turn	NOUN	this	PRON	 this
Kirkus Reviews called the book " A gripping recreation of the last ten days in the life of HIJMS Yamato	Yamato	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Panicking, he orders a retreat, abandoning the Acropolis, which was investigating nearby Acheron. While defending the	the	DET	carrier	NOUN	 carrier
He attended Christ Church at Oxford University, graduating with a degree in physics in 1961. During his time	time	NOUN	there	ADV	 there
Original drummer Lombardo was also voted " Best Drummer " and the band entered the top five in the categories	categories	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Carl Yastrzemski hit a home run in the second inning, and Jim Rice drove in Rick Burleson with a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
On August 23, 1991, Armenia became one of the first republics to declare independence from the Soviet Union	Union	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Skelley asked Turret Two's gun chief, Senior Chief Reggie Ziegler, if he could use Turret Two for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Moffat stated he felt " tremendous pressure " writing Amy and Rory's ending. He later revealed that he	he	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
" Amanda Dobbins of New York stated that " After viewing the final product, we're guessing [the	the	DET	local	ADJ	 local
Ahead of the official launch, the alliance embarked on an extensive employee communications and training programme, involving virtually	virtually	ADV	all	PRON	 all
Official editions contained three engravings on pages that folded out, interspersed with the text. The first illustrated a	a	DET	stove	NOUN	 stove
The nurse tried to make Myrrha suppress the infatuation, but later agreed to help Myrrha into her father's	's	PART	bed	NOUN	 bed
It is one of the most visited pilgrimage centres of India, having recorded 1,060,000 visits. The image of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Heaven Bound (I'm Ready) " (another Dennis Linde song) and " Always Have,	,	PUNCT	Always	ADV	 Always
" He played electric and acoustic guitar on Pink Floyd tracks using Fender, Martin, Ovation and Washburn guitars	guitars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By late March, Gravel had almost no fundraising and was only on the ballot in one of the next	next	ADJ	ten	NUM	 ten
In 1911, a Mr Bowker from Shawford successfully applied for the towpath to be diverted, but this was	was	AUX	overturned	VERB	 overturned
The mission would later become the Mission to Seafarers, which still provides ministerial services to sailors in over 300	300	NUM	ports	NOUN	 ports
Since the 1980s, trapping has again been taken up, and the Governor of Svalbard has one cabin at	at	ADP	Austfjordnes	NOUN	 Austfjordnes
Despite the claims of manipulation of the elections and the Constitution itself, there are a few parts of the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
Ebner's cultural essays about Catalan culture, such as that of Barcelona and Andorra, have been published by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The player must use their Keyblade to collect Light and stop the Heartless from conquering every world and spreading Darkness	Darkness	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Kohli had a slump in form when India toured Bangladesh in June 2015. He contributed only 14 in the	the	DET	one	NUM	 one
" The success of the album also received considerable backlash, with many calling Shakira a " sellout ".	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The state argued that Aguilar lacked standing to contest the constitutionality of the statute. The state claimed that since	since	SCONJ	Aguilar	PROPN	 Aguilar
These examinations, however, did not take any account of any distinction in colour between populations previously known as	as	ADP	I.	NOUN	 I.
The entire 19th Infantry Regiment, reeling from the fight at Chinju and attempting to hold back North Korean advances	advances	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Louis Rua was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for " meritorious achievement at sea December 5 – 6, 1944	1944	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was exactly that. And the principal looked like Weatherbee, and Ms. Grundy was Archana Puran Singh.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
All of the competitors were registered as British. Cambridge won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey	Surrey	PROPN	station	NOUN	 station
" " [W] hen congress, in exercising exclusive legislation over this territory, enact laws to give	give	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
White was associated with another high profile case, Kitzmiller v. Williams, which involved the belligerent rights of former	former	ADJ	Confederate	PROPN	 Confederate
Murphy suggested that she showcase her vocal and dancing talent ahead of the December 2010 release of the film Country	Country	PROPN	Strong	PROPN	 Strong
The initial broadcast of " Pilot " was watched by approximately seven million viewers, making it the 62nd most	most	ADV	watched	VERB	 watched
Develop's Owain Bennallack further criticized Drake's blandness, doubting whether a player could adequately describe him as a	a	DET	character	NOUN	 character
A system acquired enough convection and became organized enough to be considered a tropical depression on November 7. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Because of their similarities, Holyoak considered all these genera to be closely related. Holyoak provisionally placed the new	new	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
Quickly, however, she found herself arguing with Most over her independence. After a momentous speech in Cleveland	Cleveland	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Surb Karapet translates to " Holy Precursor " and refers to John the Baptist, whose remains are believed to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
Including subsequent damage from Gonzalo, about $2 million was spent on airport repairs, and the storms were	were	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Several letters even accused former US Attorney General Benjamin R. Civiletti of providing aid to Gov. Romero Barceló during the	the	DET	investigations	NOUN	 investigations
Since employees handling those letters did not want the writers, mostly young children, to be disappointed at the	the	DET	lack	NOUN	 lack
The city's walls date from the third century. The high stone walls of the Citadel were built from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The puzzled director then said, " This isn ’ t the dialogue. Who gave it to you?	?	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Although the concept of distinct ages has older roots in Western esoteric thought, the New Age movement adopted it	it	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Otherwise, they must rely on material sinking from above, or find another source of energy and nutrition,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
The ship suffered some damage to her rudder, which necessitated temporary repairs at the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Shipyard	Shipyard	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The canoe was built in Kawaihae, Hawaii under the nonprofit organization Nā Kalai Wa ‘ a Moku O Hawai	Hawai	PROPN	‘	PUNCT	 ‘
Frank rejects the idea. Shortly thereafter, Frank is shot by Lucas Goodwin in an assassination attempt, and	and	CCONJ	falls	VERB	 falls
Corbulo retaliated using the same tactics and the use of the Moschoi tribes who raided outlying regions of Armenia.	.	PUNCT	Tiridates	NOUN	 Tiridates
Content is available online from the Wiley Online Library or, after a 12 month embargo, from EBSCOhost.	.	PUNCT	Authors	NOUN	 Authors
to win the title. Meanwhile, Steiner went on to use the TNA World Heavyweight Feast or Fired Title	Title	PROPN	shot	VERB	 shot
Once the hero defeats the Dragonlord, he triumphantly returns to Tantegel Castle where King Lorik offers his kingdom as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Her party asserted that her income comes from gifts and small contributions made by party workers and supporters. On	On	ADP	3	NUM	 3
The over consisted of four deliveries until the 19th century. The earliest known reference to the wicket is contained	contained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The temperature was now no longer high enough to create new proton – antiproton pairs (similarly for neutrons –	–	PUNCT	antineutrons	NOUN	 antineutrons
At such times, the reduction in glare from the rings makes the moons easier to observe. Prior to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The region of Transoxiana (Arabic: Ma wara ' al nahr) had been conquered by the Umayyad leader	leader	NOUN	Qutayba	PROPN	 Qutayba
The rainfall flooded several streets and damaged the city's water line, and 1,921 customers were left without power	power	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the local streets, the school's conspicuous uniform, including a cloak and tight stockings, attracted unwanted	unwanted	ADJ	attention	NOUN	 attention
" I have to say that it was probably the right decision because look where they are now. All	All	DET	Mr	PROPN	 Mr
A Script award was also presented from 1974 to 1978 under the names Best Dramatic Presentation and Best Dramatic Writing	Writing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The aircraft used a tricycle undercarriage with the main wheels retracting into the fuselage. Hydraulically actuated air brakes were	were	AUX	fitted	VERB	 fitted
It was established in October 1950 as part of No. 91 (Composite) Wing, which administered RAAF	RAAF	NOUN	units	NOUN	 units
As the years went by and the king became increasingly prone to outbursts of anger, breaking with all his	his	PRON	old	ADJ	 old
Juanita labelled the band's new writing as " real organic, real jammy... very melodic, but very	very	ADV	raw	ADJ	 raw
In her debut episode, she unsuccessfully attempts to hang up a cross in the prison chapel and expresses homophobic	homophobic	ADJ	views	NOUN	 views
On the western side of the airport are runways 1L / 19R and 1R / 19L. 1L / 19R was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
The character combined the powers of the comics ' Callisto with another of the Morlocks, Caliban, and was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Mean Machines agreed, describing the game as " a rollercoater ride from start to finish " and listing Carnival	Carnival	PROPN	Night	PROPN	 Night
Those whose names are inscribed are said by surviving members to have " failed to beat the clock ".	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Believing that vaginal orgasms are " a physiological impossibility " because the vagina has insufficient nerve endings for sexual pleasure	pleasure	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Amin began recruiting members of Kakwa, Lugbara, South Sudanese, and other ethnic groups from the West Nile	Nile	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
He then took 0 / 18 from eight overs and made 52 in the second innings before being run out	out	ADP	while	SCONJ	 while
Though the city was first named by European settlers Ville Marie, or " City of Mary, " its	its	PRON	current	ADJ	 current
35.59167° N 84.20222° W ﻿ / 35.59167; -84.20222 Tomotley – located in present day Monroe County,	,	PUNCT	adjacent	ADJ	 adjacent
D & M Publishers. ISBN 978 1 926685 80 9. " Assault Plan ". United States Army	Army	PROPN	Center	PROPN	 Center
In the absence of Cancellara, Trek Factory Racing's squad was led by Stijn Devolder, the only former	former	ADJ	winner	NOUN	 winner
In their last game of the League season, away to Sheffield United, Small Heath scored first when Foulkes	Foulkes	PROPN	'	PART	 '
After Alberta's two most prominent Liberals, Peter Talbot and Frank Oliver, made it clear that they were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
He subsequently broke off all personal relationships with the band, explaining " I don't want you around when	when	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The remainder financed major projects in terms of planning, right of way acquisition or construction. In terms of	of	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
The form of the name is the person's full Hebrew name and his mother's Hebrew name (e.g.	e.g.	ADV	Shmuel	PROPN	 Shmuel
Grey has a series of one night stands, including one with O'Malley, who is in love with her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
With the water level rising, the group struggle to find a way out of the tunnels before soon using	using	VERB	an	DET	 an
" Marlon Wayans was cast, and signed for a sequel. The actor had attended a wardrobe fitting,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The song sold 12.8 million digital copies worldwide in 2010, making it the best selling single of the year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Cody and Goldust are half brothers in real life and were once managed by their father, WWE Hall of	of	ADP	Famer	PROPN	 Famer
The rainfall caused minor flooding in and around Cabo San Lucas. Along the southern coast of the peninsula,	,	PUNCT	Emilia	PROPN	 Emilia
The expedition ship Scotia was requisitioned during the Great War, and saw service as a freighter. On 18	18	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
Another source of trouble was the romantic relationship and ultimate break up of Kumar and Madhubala, who had been	been	AUX	dating	VERB	 dating
According to Cassidy, Kris becomes an emotional wreck throughout the film. Cassidy described her character's ordeal:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He made his NHL debut on March 10, 1987, against the Washington Capitals and scored his first NHL	NHL	PROPN	goal	NOUN	 goal
This image of a barren landscape was then faded into a still image of a poppy field found in the	the	DET	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
The Manor of Urmston was rented by a family using the local surname. The earliest known member of the	the	DET	Urmston	PROPN	 Urmston
Force 134, the occupation force, was composed of Norwegian troops who were stationed in Scotland, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The Folksmen, a mock band featured in the film A Mighty Wind that is also made up of characters	characters	NOUN	played	VERB	 played
Four years later in his biography As Bad As I Wanna Be, he confessed having thought about suicide and	and	CCONJ	described	VERB	 described
The many banded krait was more similar to the Australian elapids, Laticauda and true sea snakes than they were	were	AUX	to	ADP	 to
Aids for the travellers to carry their supplies varied; some had brought dogs, horses, mules or oxen	oxen	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A December 2007 QSR Magazine article about the conflict claimed that Burger King Brands had devised a contingency plan to	to	PART	remove	VERB	 remove
Like other Liberty Ships, John Burke transported war materials between the United States and the rear areas of the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
Although Tamar was canonized by the Georgian church much later, she was even named as a saint in her	her	PRON	lifetime	NOUN	 lifetime
The Fell Knight class is still unique to Gaffgarion. The North American localization of The War of the Lions	Lions	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
In 1999, San Francisco's voters chose to exchange at large elections to the board for the previous district	district	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Elements of the Superman mythos which originated in the film have since been incorporated into the regular continuity of the	the	DET	DC	PROPN	 DC
' She would fly into town for five or six hours. She'd get on a plane and fly	fly	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Some New Agers advocate living in a simple and sustainable manner to reduce humanity's impact on the natural	natural	ADJ	resources	NOUN	 resources
Originally from Port Elizabeth, Fuller migrated as a child to Melbourne with her family. There she trained with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
On 15 May 2003, AgustaWestland signed an agreement with Bell Helicopter to undertake final assembly of the US101 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Qandil responded to a query regarding his extensive coverage of the Intifada by saying, " How are news shows	shows	NOUN	expected	VERB	 expected
A few days before fellow Group member Peter Watts (Terry O'Quinn) investigates a murder in a suburban home	home	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Utica's neighborhoods have historically been defined by their residents, allowing them to develop their own individuality. Racial	Racial	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Shortly before Christmas, he visited the Focke Wulf production site at Bad Eilsen, where he was met by	by	ADP	Professor	PROPN	 Professor
MPC additionally worked on the disappearing waterfall that serves as Jennifer's grave when she is killed at the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
' Friends, it doesn't get much better. " Paige Wiser of the Chicago Sun Times called it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
It generally allowed wages and salaries to be paid by contractors as they saw fit, subject to limits imposed	imposed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The song " The Other Generation " was deleted; " My Best Love ", which had been cut	cut	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Meanwhile, wealthy industrialist Norman Osborn (Willem Dafoe), the father of Peter's best friend Harry Osborn	Osborn	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Multiple concrete jacks were spread in a circle of 50 feet (15 m) diameter. Ultimately, little	little	ADJ	marine	ADJ	 marine
The musician reassured the girl that the tale was untrue and condemned it as a " stupid rumor ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Abyss contains three inversions including an inline twist enclosed in the ride's show building, as well as an	an	DET	Immelmann	PROPN	 Immelmann
The disease may be diagnosed by finding the virus in the feces or detecting antibodies against it in the blood	blood	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Koenig had broken up with his girlfriend shortly before the release of Contra and subsequently moved out of their shared	shared	VERB	apartment	NOUN	 apartment
Neither he nor his co driver were injured. Bana appeared on the British motoring show Top Gear on 15	15	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
During their first nine months of service, the cadets were protected by regulation from working on the wards for	for	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
This final block contains his most famous homily, the Sermo Lupi ad Anglos, where Wulfstan rails against the	the	DET	deplorable	ADJ	 deplorable
In the Nickelodeon animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, the eponymous character's best friend is a dim witted starfish	starfish	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Darren Gilford was approached as the production designer, while David Levy was hired as a concept artist. Levy	Levy	PROPN	translated	VERB	 translated
At the 2002 World Equestrian Games, riding Krack C, she finished 11th individually and rode to 5th place	place	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The " knitting " version was also included on the 2003 UK single " Happy Xmas (War Is Over	Over	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
As of 2009, it aired in several countries, including Japan, Korea, and Italy. In 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Ray and Merv put on an unbeaten partnership of 27 to take Victoria to a nine wicket win. Merv	Merv	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Caulkins was born in Winona, Minnesota in 1963. She swam for the Westside Victory Swim club and later	later	ADV	the	DET	 the
He explains that the basic idea set out in the book is that all religious thought is symbolic, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
She reported that she was denied visitors, her telephones were repeatedly down, and complained that even her elderly	elderly	ADJ	mother	NOUN	 mother
Given his level of notoriety, the crimes he committed were unremarkable, especially as the assaults he committed had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
The game follows Ajay Ghale, a young Kyrati American who returns to his native country of Kyrat (a	a	DET	fictional	ADJ	 fictional
In 1935, Heyer's thrillers began following a pair of detectives named Superintendent Hannasyde and Sergeant (later Inspector	Inspector	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Each witness provides a different version of the same facts. Within the episode, a thriller novelist, Jose	Jose	PROPN	Chung	PROPN	 Chung
The Cure began writing and recording material for their thirteenth album in 2006. Smith initially stated it would be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
Along the Florida Panhandle, the storm's winds impacted power, telephone, and telegraph lines, and inflicted	inflicted	VERB	$	SYM	 $
The two ships fought each other for two days; by the second day Downman had exhausted his supply of	of	ADP	shot	NOUN	 shot
It was staffed by one Chief Justice and a varying number of puisne justices, who were required to be	be	AUX	Serjeants	NOUN	 Serjeants
As Premier, his first task was to win a workable majority in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
F. servalina was first described in 1839 by Irish naturalist William Ogilby from Sierra Leone; in 1867, British	British	ADJ	zoologist	NOUN	 zoologist
Thompson was sacked in February 2000 after a run of one win from twelve matches during the middle of 1999	1999	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Instead of majestic towers and merlons, the walls of new fortresses were thick, angled, and sloped,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Prior to the video's release, Azalea also posted images of her wardrobe on Instagram. The video premiered	premiered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It therefore appears that the only barrier to hybridisation in undisturbed areas is the different flowering seasons: B. prionotes	prionotes	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Gilmour and Shirley also backed Barrett for his one and only live concert during this period. The gig took	took	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
The Japanese bunkers, actually log and earth pillboxes, proved resistant to artillery fire. As the Japanese on	on	ADP	Los	PROPN	 Los
Of the main characters, only Otho is not morally contemptible. Agrippina is an unscrupulous schemer; Nero,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
They had both lost all of their equipment in Greece and as a result the 2 / 2nd were thrown	thrown	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Beatty tried to correct the mistake, but he was so far behind the leading battlecruisers that his signals could	could	AUX	not	PART	 not
Lani Jo confirmed the theater will continue to offer screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show and focus on documentary	documentary	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" She argued that a " surreal Twin Peaks style shockfest [...] hardly bears repeating, " especially	especially	ADV	if	SCONJ	 if
Lajoie was considered " the first superstar " to join the newly formed AL. He was also the first	first	ADJ	player	NOUN	 player
All four buildings are registered as Category A (" high value ") heritage structures by Ashburton District Council	Council	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" The observation of prey dying of sepsis would then be explained by the natural instinct of water buffalos,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The collector's edition contains the game, a book titled The Alan Wake Files, and an exclusive soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	CD	NOUN	 CD
Martin recorded the vocals and piano takes in a studio in Liverpool. When asked about the development of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
After Mr. T won the match, Orton and Piper attacked him, leading to a boxing match at WrestleMania	WrestleMania	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Bradman rested himself for the next match against Oxford University, which resulted in another innings victory. The next	next	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
The following season under the new management of Graham Westley, Wilson featured regularly in both the full back position	position	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The match was the start of a long on field relationship between the pair, who were to regard one	one	NOUN	another	DET	 another
Kings became nominal heads of their fiefs and collected a portion of tax revenues as their personal incomes. The	The	DET	kingdoms	NOUN	 kingdoms
Lawrence Tierney guest starred in the episode as Don Brodka. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive	positive	ADJ	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
The ship was assigned as the flagship of Group 2, along with the destroyers Paul Jakobi, Theodor Riedel	Riedel	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is a stunted stela with a badly eroded portrait and a shortened date form that is equivalent to a	a	DET	date	NOUN	 date
Fraser's Magazine. XXVII: 557 – 571. Retrieved on 25 July 2008 " No. XV.	.	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
He was the longest shot in the field at 61 – 1, and drew the far outside post at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
However, Prussia was outside the empire, and the Hohenzollerns were fully sovereign over it. The practicability of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
The Masterton junction was an octopus junction, a variation of a clover leaf junction, having six bridges and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Makarios, leader of the militant anti British and pro Greek movement, was detained in exile in the Seychelles	Seychelles	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
From this position Durkheim helped reform the French school system and introduced the study of social science in its curriculum	curriculum	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His father was playing for them at the time and then retired in 1996. Six months later, he	he	PRON	became	VERB	 became
During the 12th century, King Henry I was suspicious of Roger de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Warwick.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
I 695 turns southeast through residential areas past Providence Road and comes to an interchange with MD 542 (Loch	Loch	PROPN	Raven	PROPN	 Raven
The Senate had a dim view of Williams's performance at the Justice Department and refused to act on the	the	DET	nomination	NOUN	 nomination
On July 2, the wave moved over Central America and produced scattered areas of strong convection off the coast	coast	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Since Maryland competes strictly at the Division I level, the two schools currently meet only in men's and	and	CCONJ	women	NOUN	 women
For Zwingli, a sacrament was an initiatory ceremony or a pledge, pointing out that the word was derived	derived	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Kathleen Karlyn, an assistant professor of English at the University of Oregon, also criticized the film's portrayal	portrayal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fadl was succeeded as emir at Ganja by his eldest son Musa (r. 1031 – 1034) who was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
After the 1988 season, the Brewers added Bates to their winter roster as the 1989 season approached. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On September 16, Ingrid made landfall just south of La Pesca, Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico as a strong	strong	ADJ	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
Also, the cars used on the ride were designed to resemble the look of a test car that is	is	AUX	used	VERB	 used
MEGA magazine rated the Mega CD version the number five CD game, commenting that though it lacked difficulty,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
His convulsions were possibly symptomatic of meningitis, likely contracted at birth and which resulted in hydrocephalus. As was	was	AUX	usual	ADJ	 usual
However, slow progress by the XLVIII Panzer Corps caused Hoth to shift elements of the II SS Panzer Corps	Corps	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
On her Moment of Truth World Tour, she participated in the Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday Tribute Concert and performed	performed	VERB	the	DET	 the
A 1999 study subsequently reclassified Maleevosaurus as a juvenile Tarbosaurus. All research published since 1999 recognizes only a single	single	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
According to de Fivas, Moustache was responsible for the discovery of an Austrian spy in the French camp just	just	ADV	prior	ADV	 prior
Star Shoots can only be grown for a limited amount of time, and their path of growth can be	be	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
" The song was showcased in an event on 13 September in Mumbai, which was transmitted live on the	the	DET	YouTube	PROPN	 YouTube
Lennon subsequently expressed regret that he had not given co writing credit to Ono instead, who actually helped him	him	PRON	write	VERB	 write
Going into their second round series with the Rangers, Crosby looked to end a long playoff goal drought,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Thucydides evidently held Themistocles in some esteem, and is uncharacteristically flattering in his praise for him (see above	above	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
American paddlefish are highly mobile and well adapted to living in rivers. They inhabit many types of riverine habitats	habitats	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
They also afforded the citizens of Jacksonville a pastime to watch competing races. By the 1860s, weekly trips	trips	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The design was simple: strong horizontal stripes of red, black and white. Players wore white pants and	and	CCONJ	red	ADJ	 red
She was named for the German province of Elsass, now the French region of Alsace. Her sister ships	ships	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
An array of enemy characters from Half Life populate the game, including alien lifeforms such as headcrabs and Vortigaunts	Vortigaunts	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 28th arrived in Egypt in July and concentrated along with the rest of the 7th Brigade at Abbassia,	,	PUNCT	near	ADP	 near
In September, Triumph, together with the destroyer Usk, escorted a convoy carrying British troops for operations against	against	ADP	Tsingtao	PROPN	 Tsingtao
Below its boiling point of 4.22 kelvins and above the lambda point of 2.1768 kelvins, the isotope helium 4	4	NUM	exists	VERB	 exists
The ships then began a peacetime training routine off the east coast of the United States and the Caribbean,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
These elevations from within the organisation were controversial, because they were neither advertised nor cleared at the top level	level	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the end of the first minute, the Dark Blues were a few feet ahead but with the bend	bend	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As a result of him losing his leg during the siege, in " It's Only a Paper Moon	Moon	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Hokies were forced to punt, and Louisville began its first drive of the fourth quarter. The Cardinals	Cardinals	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The deck was 63 millimeters (2.5 in) thick and the armor protecting the conning tower was 356 millimeters	millimeters	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Sidelined for 6 weeks, Higgins was limited to 61 games, though still managed to match his previous season	season	NOUN	's	PART	's
Actress Anne Hathaway presented the award. Going on to find out that everyone is asked to do jury duty	duty	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Iron Duke opened fire on the crippled cruiser and nearby destroyers with her secondary battery at 19: 11 at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
) In February 2011, as protests continued over Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker's proposal to limit that state's	's	PART	public	ADJ	 public
The legal system depended on a system of oaths, in which the value of different individuals swearing on behalf	behalf	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Worldwide the album has sold over 500,000 copies, and it is among the best selling remix albums of all	all	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The anti Greeley campaign was famously and effectively summed up in the cartoons of Thomas Nast, whom Grant later	later	ADV	credited	VERB	 credited
When none of this worked, a Taliban spokesman says they were " forced " to act. In a	a	DET	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
Arc blow can also cause porosity in the weld, as can joint contamination, high welding speed, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
He lies to her, telling her that he was alone when he was arrested when, in fact,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
The 1997 – 98 season was another injury plagued year for Barkley. He averaged 15.2 points on.485 shooting and	and	CCONJ	11.7	NUM	 11.7
This makes Solo the first ever goalkeeper in history, man or woman, to achieve 100 shutouts in international	international	ADJ	competition	NOUN	 competition
The elfin woods warbler breeds from March to June. Both parents are involved in the construction of the nest	nest	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1997, observations from Earth were made of Triton's limb as it passed in front of stars.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
He lost it in the door of the Meldrews ' car. Retrieving the roll after a brief spell in	in	ADP	hospital	NOUN	 hospital
Gustav Kirchhoff himself, in 1847, used graphs as an abstract representation of a network in his loop analysis	analysis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While the team's penalty kill was ranked fifth in the league, they were tied for the most short	short	ADJ	handed	ADJ	 handed
The bust was dedicated and installed at the park on October 22, 2005. Ernest C. Wong of Site	Site	PROPN	Design	PROPN	 Design
Floyd's rainfall resulted in deadly and extensive flooding that killed two people in New York. Heavy flooding was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
Additionally, fan created " bands " were able to audition on stage by playing the game; their performances	performances	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Though these theories of memory formation are now well established, they were farsighted for their time: late 19th	19th	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The historian survived, but, according to Georgeta Filitti, the incident " hastened his death ". I.	I.	PROPN	C.	PROPN	 C.
Following the Potsdam Declaration by the Allies on 26 July 1945 and the refusal of Japan to surrender under its	its	PRON	terms	NOUN	 terms
The principal focus of the conference is on the development and application of advanced computational methods for biological problems.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to Richards, the production of Watch Me Disappear was a process that contained " a fair bit of	of	ADP	friction	NOUN	 friction
This also includes contact with the victim's clothing, a rule dating back to 1845 in R v Day	Day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Early on October 30, the Hurricane Hunters confirmed the increase in intensity, reporting winds of 140 mph (	(	PUNCT	225	NUM	225
All four escape moments before the colony is consumed by the nuclear blast. On the Sulaco, Ripley and	and	CCONJ	Bishop	PROPN	 Bishop
Since the engine was designed to be scalable, it appeared in various displacements throughout the 1950s, including 224	224	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Her father allowed her to attend meetings of the council from the age of 14 but never discussed the affairs	affairs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The same mechanism is behind the intense volcanic activity of Jupiter's moon Io. WASP 17b is thought to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
The night of the 10th is spent back at Mina. Starting from noon to sunset on the 11 Dhu	Dhu	PROPN	al	PROPN	 al
It was followed in 1991 by The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past for the Super Nintendo	Nintendo	PROPN	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
The single species, Argentodites coloniensis, is known from a single blade like fourth lower premolar (p4)	)	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The song opens with a section of undistorted single strings and harmonics. The clean, arpeggiated main riff is	is	AUX	played	VERB	 played
The title refers to the previous year's successful campaign to get Rage Against the Machine's " Killing in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the 1840s, tribes were trading salmon to the Hudson Bay Company which shipped the fish to New York	York	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Arsenal opened the league season away to Sunderland on 18 August 2000. A second half header from Niall Quinn	Quinn	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Skin testing is available to confirm penicillin allergies, but is not available for other medications. Non immune forms	forms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This made a total of five debuts on the Hot 100. The same two songs also appeared on the	the	DET	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
The only new piece of sound equipment present was a crude mixing console which Mardas had built, which looked	looked	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
Other distinguishing features of the order are the presence of protrusible eyes, another adaptation to living on the seabed	seabed	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Brantley wrote that Lauper's " love- and heat seeking score " wowed with her " trademark... mix	mix	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These laws were the first issued by an Anglo Saxon king outside Kent. They shed much light on the	the	DET	history	NOUN	 history
" 2015 was not only the warmest year on record, it broke the record by the largest margin by	by	ADP	which	PRON	 which
In the years following the start of the national commissioning program, local chapters have begun to commission new band	band	NOUN	works	VERB	 works
Sabathia was named MVP of the ALCS with two wins in the series. The Yankees ' victory in the	the	DET	ALCS	PROPN	 ALCS
Jacobson was the first such person to come before the Court to receive even the slightest empathy from it,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Core collapse can be caused by several different mechanisms: electron capture; exceeding the Chandrasekhar limit; pair instability	instability	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
According to a Pakistani intelligence official, raw phone tap data had been transferred to the U.S. without being analyzed	analyzed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It was the 17th NATO summit in which NATO's Heads of State and Governments met to make formal decisions	decisions	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
In between National Congresses, the Central Committee is the highest decision making institution. The CCDI is responsible for	for	ADP	supervising	VERB	 supervising
When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924, the portion of legislative Route	Route	PROPN	18	NUM	 18
Cornish was the most widely spoken language west of the River Tamar until around the mid 1300s, when Middle	Middle	ADJ	English	PROPN	 English
It may act as a recognition factor to regulate the attachment and dispersal of specific cell types in the biofilm	biofilm	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The EP was recorded during the summer of 2004. Like his previous album, Inspiration, the EP contains	contains	VERB	a	DET	 a
According to Norway's Aftenposten she received the most media attention of all participants. The final was held on	on	ADP	29	NUM	 29
During the 1920s and 1930s, an Anti Brahmin movement emerged in the Madras Presidency. It was launched by	by	ADP	E.	PROPN	 E.
Two strikes and two balls. He has got two home runs and a base on balls so far today	today	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While carrying a full load, Concorde achieved 15.8 passenger miles per gallon of fuel, while the Boeing 707	707	NUM	reached	VERB	 reached
It also marks the celebration of the Hindu new year. Every year, on the Purnima day in the	the	DET	Hindu	PROPN	 Hindu
The track was also able to reach the top ten in Denmark, Ireland, Netherlands, Norway, and	and	CCONJ	Sweden	PROPN	 Sweden
Within six months their substantial stake had run dry, and the Earps left the Murray Eagle district. About	About	ADV	10	NUM	 10
On 14 September 1939, eleven days after the outbreak of the Second World War, McNicoll was posted to	to	ADP	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
Although it will feed on large insects (such as katydids and crickets), gum, snails, small	small	ADJ	birds	NOUN	 birds
An Ultra Couture Edition was also produced, containing a copy of the Deluxe Edition of Loud signed by Rihanna	Rihanna	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 300 seat theater was designed by Charles A. Duke in 1913 and opened in 1915 as The Clinton.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Garrison's staff also test the single bullet theory by aiming an empty rifle from the window through which Oswald	Oswald	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In the aftermath of the battle, Wichita returned to screening for the carriers off Samar. On 28 October	October	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
while they gave the PlayStation version a 4 / 10, criticizing the gameplay as slow and awkward but praising	praising	VERB	the	DET	 the
Team Meat looked into releasing it as a retail Wii game, but were told by all third party publishers	publishers	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
The earliest parts of the house were built for the prosperous Cheshire landowner William Moreton in about 1504 – 08	08	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
While Vicki Hyman of The Star Ledger enjoyed the number, she preferred the previous year's offering; Flandez	Flandez	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Debbage depicts " A Minnesota Snowfall " from Christmas Around the World as taking " a more naked, bare	bare	ADJ	boned	VERB	 boned
In the Autumn, Newall was replaced by Portal and Dowding was succeeded by Douglas. Both the new commanders	commanders	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
He was quoted as saying: " This time around, we switched the process up entirely. Previous to	to	ADP	Wildlife	PROPN	 Wildlife
In the Italian capital, Terlecki continued to defy the establishment. The players were under strict instructions not to	to	PART	associate	VERB	 associate
Later, around 1626, Henry Briggs made a survey of the two rivers and noted that the land between	between	ADP	them	PRON	 them
Here Shackleton, who had travelled on a faster ship, rejoined the expedition. Hurley also came on board	board	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
George and Nico quickly arrive at the power site, which had been located in Glastonbury, as bad storms	storms	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
There is no doubt that Wulfstan had a penchant for law; his knowledge of previous Anglo Saxon law (	(	PUNCT	both	CCONJ	both
In 1838 he was appointed as architect to what was then called the County Lunatic Asylum (later Lancaster Moor	Moor	PROPN	Hospital	PROPN	 Hospital
Shortly after the details of the argument became public, Knight publicly disclosed that he was gay. The situation	situation	NOUN	seemed	VERB	 seemed
While his paternal family was from the town of Velletri, approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Rome	Rome	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Legal complications with Welsh electronic music group Hybrid prompted a second name change, thus deciding on " Linkin Park	Park	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
On July 31, convection began increasing over the center, and it is estimated it intensified into a hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
England (and the UK as a whole) has had a considerable influence on the history of the cinema	cinema	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A report suggested that damage from those two cities reached at least $1 million. The strong winds also	also	ADV	hampered	VERB	 hampered
This variety is used in their close familial interactions, in their conversations with their neighbors in the community,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
And the fighters delivered, though in an unanticipated fashion. From early on it was clear that the bad	bad	ADJ	blood	NOUN	 blood
In the early 20th century, this corridor featured the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, the Western Maryland Railway,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Yvon Cormier, competing mainly as The Beast, made his professional wrestling debut in 1963. He has been	been	AUX	described	VERB	 described
The existing road between the two points via Castorland was designated as NY 410 as part of the 1930 renumbering	renumbering	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The route continues northbound for a couple miles, entering the community of Gifford, situated near the Lafayette Township	Township	PROPN	line	NOUN	 line
In it Moore suggested it was improper that Vizetelly's fate be determined by a jury of twelve tradesmen,	,	PUNCT	explaining	VERB	 explaining
Melzer also authored " Interpretive Guidance on the Notion of Direct Participation in Hostilities under International Humanitarian Law ",	,	PUNCT	published	VERB	 published
Since then, London has grown to be the largest Southwestern Ontario municipality and Canada's 11th largest municipality,	,	PUNCT	having	AUX	 having
In November 2007, the Pui Tak Center won a $100,000 grant from the Partners in Preservation, a	a	DET	program	NOUN	 program
Third, they see Jerome ’ s allusion to the poem (discussed above) as a reference to a	a	DET	living	VERB	 living
In 1965, heading the Newport Folk Festival, Dylan performed his first electric set since high school with a	a	DET	pickup	NOUN	 pickup
Apart from Goloka and Patala, Kamadhenu is also described as residing in the hermitages of the sages Jamadagni and	and	CCONJ	Vashista	PROPN	 Vashista
" The recommendations were endorsed by the state cabinet in 1976. Since that time, Dryandra has been managed	managed	VERB	principally	ADV	 principally
It faces the Molkenmarkt and is bound by four roads; Jüdenstraße, Klosterstraße, Parochialstraße, and Stralauer Straße	Straße	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the last lap, Toro Rosso instructed Verstappen to let his teammate Sainz pass him for eighth, but	but	CCONJ	Verstappen	PROPN	 Verstappen
In it, she calls Britain to account for the sin of slavery; in harsh tones, she condemns	condemns	VERB	the	DET	 the
Dickinson went through knee surgery during the offseason, but there was still concern about whether he had a future	future	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Stone explained that the media would not acknowledge Keyes's candidacy, making it difficult to run an effective campaign	campaign	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Their sound was highly percussive, featured tightly interconnected minimalist instrumentals with industrial noise influences, and often had a	a	DET	metallic	ADJ	 metallic
The experience changed Logan's opinion of Monroe, and he later compared her to Charlie Chaplin in her ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
One of his brothers, St Gredifael, is commemorated in another Anglesey church, St Gredifael's Church,	,	PUNCT	Penmynydd	PROPN	 Penmynydd
He was fired from his teaching position shortly afterwards. The Toronto based photo retoucher Ernst Zündel operated a small	small	ADJ	press	NOUN	 press
The Swedes began to deploy inshore flotillas of shallow draft vessels, beginning with smaller versions of the traditional Mediterranean	Mediterranean	PROPN	galleys	NOUN	 galleys
Antimony can be isolated from the crude antimony sulfide by a reduction with scrap iron: Sb 2S 3 +	+	SYM	3	NUM	 3
Not until completion of that line in 1885 did Manitoba and the northwest finally have reliable and efficient access to	to	ADP	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
Mrs. Chotiner had refused to accompany her husband to Washington, stating at trial that she remained because her children	children	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Currie pointed out that a find in South Dakota preserved three Tyrannosaurus rex skeletons in close proximity to each other	other	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The entire length of the state road connecting Washington, D.C. and Frederick was completed by 1927. In the	the	DET	approved	VERB	 approved
The 17 caliber guns weighed 16,300 pounds (7,400 kg) each. The 50 pounder Dahlgren rifles weighed approximately	approximately	ADV	5,600	NUM	 5,600
Scully arrives at Kaminsky's apartment and is attacked by Incanto; however, as they struggle, Kaminsky retrieves	retrieves	VERB	Scully	PROPN	 Scully
Meanwhile, William continued his advancement in the kingdom. In 1169 he visited Rome, possibly to answer accusations	accusations	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
Pyroclastic density currents can also produce ash particles. These are typically produced by lava dome collapse or collapse of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When he refused to stop his singing performance during the debut of his new talk show, Jack Talk,	,	PUNCT	even	ADV	 even
All the animals in the Pride Lands gather at the foot of Pride Rock to commemorate the birth of Simba	Simba	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The first mainstream US print media outlet to cover the matter was the Chicago Tribune, whose Southwest Bureau Chief	Chief	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He then decided to play the character with the sense that he felt he was doing right by his victims	victims	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the meantime, a variety of theories of inheritance (based on pangenesis, orthogenesis, or other mechanisms	mechanisms	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
A new DVD and Blu ray release with a 4 K digital restoration was released in 2015 by The Criterion	Criterion	PROPN	Collection	PROPN	 Collection
He said that he wanted to pitch another year or two and then enter the fast food business in Detroit	Detroit	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Hard as the Americans worked to incorporate themselves into the Grand Fleet, they had yet to shake a	a	DET	belief	NOUN	 belief
The film went on to gross $107.3 million in North America and $130.9 million internationally, coming to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
This is not the first time Scully has been compared to Judas in the show: the previous seventh season	season	NOUN	episode	NOUN	 episode
Other psychedelic numbers followed, such as " Tomorrow Never Knows " (recorded before " Rain "),	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Around 15 – 20 million Si 3N 4 bearing balls were produced in the U.S. in 1996 for machine tools	tools	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Speaking to MTV News, Reid said, " It was the first time Rihanna actually came to me and	and	CCONJ	said	VERB	 said
Even though the movie had not so nice graphics, it was started to be applauded for its epic storyline	storyline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This scale view shot of the entire universe was inspired by the short documentary film Powers of Ten (1977	1977	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
In 2002, the first survey of the wreck was done by a team led by James P. Delgado for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the inspection was concluded, it was determined to expend Baden as a gunnery target. In January 1921	1921	NUM	the	DET	 the
The film won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing; it also received nominations for Best Original Score and	and	CCONJ	Best	PROPN	 Best
Twenty still exist in varying states of preservation, ten in original condition and ten rebuilds with 11 being named	named	VERB	after	ADP	 after
) Meanwhile, as he was denied his pension, Metternich was ironically reliant on loans. In mid September	September	PROPN	the	DET	 the
After the track shifted further to the south, the watch was replaced with a hurricane warning between Brownsville and	and	CCONJ	just	ADV	 just
Romney was referred to as " Billy " until kindergarten, when he indicated a preference for " Mitt "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Dozens of similar streams that once flowed into the slough from the south have all been piped or filled.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
Scafaria was hired to write the script in 2005, and Sollett signed on to direct the film in 2006	2006	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Yardley led the Englishmen in giving his Australian counterpart three cheers before shaking Bradman's hand. With 6996 Test	Test	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
Thompson remained a resident there until he turned 18 in 1945. Some sources alternatively state Thompson decided to join	join	VERB	the	DET	 the
The first dorsal fin is small and somewhat sickle shaped, with a pointed apex and a short, free	free	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
After years of dismissing the allegations, in its report, the Army acknowledged that the U.S. military had killed	killed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The gameplay is also lauded for retaining the elements of Tactics Ogre yet offers freedom to players to develop characters	characters	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
However, unlike elsewhere on the North Circular, the new junctions are not grade separated and have been designed	designed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In the hind wings of most Orthoptera a secondary vena dividens forms a rib in the vannal fold. The	The	DET	vannus	NOUN	 vannus
Pyongtaek was a village consisting mostly of wooden huts and muddy roads In the meantime, 3rd Battalion, 34th	34th	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
The colony could provide a base for promoting Christianity among the native peoples as well as a convenient location for	for	ADP	attacking	VERB	 attacking
The episode follows Peter (Joshua Jackson) as he continues to stay away from Boston after learning his true	true	ADJ	parallel	ADJ	 parallel
On the month's first day, Hansen pitched in both games of a doubleheader against Cincinnati, throwing a	a	DET	perfect	ADJ	 perfect
Written and composed by the band, as well as Peter Kipely, Dan Muckala and Brad Russell, "	"	PUNCT	Here	ADV	 Here
In 1998, composer and bandleader David Sanford completed his dissertation on Agharta as a doctoral student in composition at	at	ADP	Princeton	PROPN	 Princeton
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Recording in 1986, though it lost to Whoopi	Whoopi	PROPN	Goldberg	PROPN	 Goldberg
Including revenue from the 2012 reissue, Titanic earned $658,672,302 in North America and $1,526,700,000 in other countries	countries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Under the LA4 driving cycle for city conditions, EPA's rated range is 98 miles (158 km)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" The band's website also describes Nothing as displaying " a very mature and convincing Meshuggah, now focusing	focusing	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After Špegelj's resignation, command of the ZNG was entrusted to General Anton Tus. In mid September the	the	DET	regional	ADJ	 regional
The MTA's forecasted opening date for Phase I is December 30, 2016, as of January 2,	,	PUNCT	2015	NUM	 2015
He further noted that " shipwrecks on the Oregon Coast are part of our history. There are a lot	lot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The demarcation is not clearly defined, but there are a number of possibilities. Historian Will Jacobs suggests the	the	DET	Silver	PROPN	 Silver
The cap of A. regalis is 10 to 25 cm (3.9 to 9.8 in) broad, and,	,	PUNCT	depending	VERB	 depending
With Fiji he won silver in 1998 and 2002, and bronze in 2006. Serevi led Fiji to gold	gold	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Booth started the tour well, scoring 109 not out in his third match for the summer, against Surrey	Surrey	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He also called for a " stronger and much more autonomous Alberta ", while rejecting calls for separatism.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The landfall itself occurred in a sparsely populated area of the Costa Maya region of the Mexican state of Quintana	Quintana	PROPN	Roo	PROPN	 Roo
These are the ones who meditate, states the text, their focus on their heart, wherein resides the	the	DET	pure	ADJ	 pure
Both brothers ' work influenced many later artists by removing the characters from the familiar theatrical setting and placing them	them	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Previously, Canadians who were posthumously awarded the British Victoria Cross were given special headstones at their burial sites in	in	ADP	Commonwealth	PROPN	 Commonwealth
The primary game designs were conceived by Horii before being handed to Toriyama to re draw under Horii's supervision	supervision	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Because these traditional conceptions of God make it difficult to describe God, religious language has the potential to be	be	AUX	meaningless	ADJ	 meaningless
Pigs and cows in back yards, noxious trades like boiling tripe, melting tallow, or preparing cat's	's	PART	meat	NOUN	 meat
Keats and Nollette both inform the agents that Roland Fuller was the only one left in the facility at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
When he died, Lindow Man was suffering from slight osteoarthritis and an infestation of whipworm and maw worm.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Although the fruit bodies of Geastrum triplex are nonpoisonous, they are tough and fibrous, and of " no	no	DET	alimentary	ADJ	 alimentary
) Beato's Japanese photographs include portraits, genre works, landscapes, cityscapes, and a series of photographs	photographs	NOUN	documenting	VERB	 documenting
At the Battle of Fish Creek, the outnumbered Métis manage to drive back the Canadians, but at the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
In 1981, an Order in Council delegated to the lieutenant governor the power to grant royal assent to bills	bills	NOUN	passed	VERB	 passed
Rocksteady began conceiving ideas for a possible sequel, which became Batman: Arkham City, approximately seven months before	before	ADP	development	NOUN	 development
Some of the things the British public were prohibited from doing included loitering under railway bridges, feeding wild animals	animals	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In turn, dangerous situations arose amid preliminary cleanup operations. In Pinellas County, laws were proposed to unify	unify	VERB	the	DET	 the
He then uses a cartridge to load the mission plan onto the aircraft. " An MPS upgrade is part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the decision to release the EP was made, Sony decided to release Carey's live version of "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
From 1 January 2003, the Levanger – Hokstad Ferry was one of six services which were part of a	a	DET	national	ADJ	 national
" Then Truscott (Osment) says, " You will never make this up to me. " Montana	Montana	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Originally, Belle was depicted constantly crying throughout her imprisonment; Woolverton resented this, arguing that the character was	was	AUX	much	ADV	 much
This era saw a Greco Roman culture prevail with the introduction of Roman law, Roman architecture, aqueducts,	,	PUNCT	sewers	NOUN	 sewers
The route crosses the Tuckahoe River into Upper Township, Cape May County and intersects the eastern terminus of County	County	PROPN	Route	PROPN	 Route
Some viruses that are maintained in birds without lethal effects, such as the West Nile Virus may however be	be	AUX	spread	VERB	 spread
Around this time, he also voiced the part of Squire Beltham in a radio production of The Adventures of	of	ADP	Harry	PROPN	 Harry
The tracks " The Size of Our Love " and " Memorize Your Lines " feature violin lines by Seth	Seth	PROPN	Warren	PROPN	 Warren
At the time Beth Elohim had approximately 500 member families and 141 children in the preschool. The school opened	opened	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He also learned that it was his father's old school friend Peter Pettigrew who actually betrayed his parents.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The book was updated significantly both during her life and after her death. Early editions were not illustrated.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Small glaciers with minimal altitude range are most likely to fall into disequilibrium with the climate. Middle latitude glaciers	glaciers	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In Hartly, the route intersects DE 11, where it becomes Main Street, and passes by homes.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
This is a characteristic shared with other predominantly dun colored breeds, such as the Fjord horse. Purebred Sorraia	Sorraia	PROPN	occasionally	ADV	 occasionally
I thought it was important that somebody went to his. " The 1994 Imola layout, which had been	been	AUX	in	ADP	 in
In a recent article for Foreign Policy, titled, “ What went wrong with Afghanistan? ” published in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Progress halted as UN aerial and naval bombardment made movement more difficult. At the same time the North Korean	Korean	ADJ	units	NOUN	 units
It spans Columbus Drive to connect Maggie Daley Park (formerly, Daley Bicentennial Plaza) with Millennium Park,	,	PUNCT	both	DET	 both
As a result, early cannon proved most useful for defence, particularly against infantry assaults or to fire at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Vue Weekly writer Darren Zenko stated that the game is addictive, finding himself playing for more than 8 hours	hours	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Halos are caused by interaction of the light with hexagonal ice crystals present in the clouds, which, depending	depending	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Released in October 2010 on Dark Horse Records, it compiles two studio albums originally issued on that label –	–	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The courthouse joined the Register in 1981 and was included as a contributing property to the historic district in 2006	2006	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Rigvedic God of storms Rudra presided over the star; this association was linked by 19th century star enthusiast	enthusiast	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
Psychiatrist Julio Arboleda Flórez considers these throffers a form of social engineering, and worries that they have multiple implications	implications	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
With the Byzantine Empire in disarray following Alexander's death in June 913, the Bulgarians reached Constantinople unopposed and	and	CCONJ	forced	VERB	 forced
Greatly concerned by what he perceived to be the degeneracy of British society, Wilberforce was also active in matters	matters	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wind power, as an alternative to burning fossil fuels, is plentiful, renewable, widely distributed, clean	clean	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In the last episode of the ninth season, Arizona cheats on Callie with Dr. Lauren Boswell (Hilarie Burton	Burton	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
For most of us the images define the songs. In fact it could be argued that Michael is the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The player can check on days off if there are any presents fans have sent the idols, which contain	contain	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Areas not owned by the National Trust have since been taken over by the Forestry Commission. Rare trees include	include	VERB	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions is a PlayStation Portable and iOS port of the original Final	Final	PROPN	Fantasy	PROPN	 Fantasy
" To that end we have made a flag, a symbol to show support for personal freedoms. Spread	Spread	VERB	it	PRON	 it
These consoles had a blue fiberglass casing, and the PDP 11 was housed inside one of the consoles.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Banksia sphaerocarpa appeared in the second of these, initially called the ' grossa clade ' for its most basal	basal	NOUN	member	NOUN	 member
There are three Grade II listed churches in Sale: the Church of St Anne; the Church of St	St	PROPN	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
Original Digital Download " You're Mine (Eternal) " – 3: 44 Urban Remix Digital Download "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
" He saw America enter a post war period of prosperity, and perceived it as an analogy for possibilities	possibilities	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It is unclear why there were so many cheekpieces accompanying the helmet; it is possible that they may all	all	ADV	have	AUX	 have
Brown would become a major figure in Canadian comics. As the content of comics matured throughout the 1980s,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
The proposed tank was to have a primary armament of a 37 millimetre (1.5 in) main gun and	and	CCONJ	secondary	ADJ	 secondary
She is worshipped as a local goddess in Varanasi and Ujjain; both in India. While Indian, Javanese	Javanese	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
This led to speculation that the syndicated Millionaire would not be returning for a second season, and BVT's	's	PART	concerns	NOUN	 concerns
BeF2 has many similarities to SiO2 (quartz) a mostly covalently bonded network solid. BeF2 has tetrahedrally coordinated	coordinated	VERB	metal	NOUN	 metal
The EP debuted at number one on both the US Billboard 200 and Soundtracks charts, selling 154,000 copies there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
However, he overstated the case in the 1909 book Concealing Coloration in the Animal Kingdom, arguing that "	"	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
In the midst of an investigation by the California Attorney General, Munitz resigned in 2006 and was forced to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Unfolding fossil evidence shows that Mesozoic crocodylomorphs had a much greater diversity of forms than modern crocodilians. Some became	became	VERB	small	ADJ	 small
The concentration of dissolved oxygen in Darby Creek was measured to range from 7.4 to 12.4 milligrams per liter.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
All the colleges are self governing institutions as part of the university, each controlling its own membership and with	with	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The three cent silver remained in circulation longer than the other silver coins, apparently because the public thought it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Candice retained her title against Melina in a rematch at The Great American Bash as well as debuting a new	new	ADJ	finisher	NOUN	 finisher
Agathaeromys is characterized mainly on the basis of features of the molar teeth. As usual in muroid rodents,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
Zack Handlen, reviewing the episode for The A.V. Club in May 2010, said that he enjoyed the "	"	PUNCT	time	NOUN	 time
It sank two ships in Australian waters before returning to Batavia. Considerable Australian and other Allied military resources were	were	AUX	devoted	VERB	 devoted
An alignment is calculated by measuring the azimuth, the angle from north, of the structure and the altitude	altitude	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The challenge was to develop an industrial process that could produce it on a large scale. RDX was also	also	ADV	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
Although red or orange, Trentepohlia is a chlorophyte green alga which can grow abundantly on tree bark or damp	damp	VERB	soil	NOUN	 soil
He scored 99 runs, ending his streak of seasons with at least 30 home runs, a.300 average,	,	PUNCT	100	NUM	 100
To promote Modern Life Is Rubbish, Food released " For Tomorrow " as the album's lead single in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
One area was Kharkov, where action was originally ordered for March. Early that month, the Stavka issued	issued	VERB	orders	NOUN	 orders
Flora The mangroves found on the coastline of St Kilda consist of a single species, Avicennia marina var resinifera	resinifera	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This hour will be known as the ' XXI Corps Zero Hour. ' There will be no preliminary bombardment	bombardment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mond made a gentlemen's agreement with Solvay to apportion the global markets, with Mond's company having exclusive	exclusive	ADJ	rights	NOUN	 rights
Out of the six times we shot with the Photo Sonics camera and 35 mm running through it, every	every	DET	single	ADJ	 single
He renamed the ship the Maria and Margaretha (presumably after Mary and her maid Marguerite) and had the	the	DET	Danish	PROPN	 Danish
" The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander's home being searched and the hobo's corpse being	being	AUX	found	VERB	 found
All but four of the aircraft were damaged by the corrosive salt water spray system when the fire was doused	doused	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
This set of sport icons was named the beauty of seal characters, because of each pictogram's likeness to	to	ADP	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
" The Tribune is a big, powerful company and they think they can just run roughshod over people.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Although weakened by his torture, Fawkes managed to jump from the gallows and break his neck, thus avoiding	avoiding	VERB	the	DET	 the
Lumumba's speech, broadcast live on the radio across the world, denounced colonialism and was interpreted as an	an	DET	affront	NOUN	 affront
The protesters called Hsu a betrayer of the party as he left the party in 1995. They showed their	their	PRON	disapproval	NOUN	 disapproval
It is a matter of typographical convention. Since the introduction of movable type printing in Europe, various sentence	sentence	NOUN	spacing	VERB	 spacing
" (" How much in the clear world / on green Arcadian mountains / will be sung of you	you	PRON	?	PUNCT	?
During the legislative process, several high profile political figures attempted to persuade legislators to vote in favor of the	the	DET	bill	NOUN	 bill
' You know, it still sounds current. It still sounds relevant. That ’ s really gratifying after	after	ADP	all	PRON	 all
Recent attention has made Ampelosaurus one of the most well known dinosaurs known from France. Like most sauropods,	,	PUNCT	Ampelosaurus	PROPN	 Ampelosaurus
Once the system moved into the north central Gulf, deep convection began to develop near its center, expanding	expanding	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Squab pie has been the subject of poetry. In " The Squab Pie. A Devonshire Tale " published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Lice are obligate parasites, living externally on warm blooded hosts which include every species of bird and mammal,	,	PUNCT	except	SCONJ	 except
Another line of debate has been over the nature of the castle's defences, in particular its gunloops.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
Buses carried the evacuated citizens to schools temporarily set up as shelters. A hotel in Cabo San Lucas informed	informed	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Boyd mentions Andrei Șerban's Eugene Onegin (1980) among the successes and Lucian Pintilie's Carmen (1983	1983	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Despite being close, however, Washington could not build any momentum, later losing their next three games before	before	ADP	closing	VERB	 closing
At 5 p.m., hurricane warnings were discontinued south of Manasquan, New Jersey. At 8 p.m., hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	warnings	NOUN	 warnings
Scherzinger was asked why Spears got cut from the video. She said: " I honestly am not so	so	ADV	sure	ADJ	 sure
Shakur admitted to carrying an identification card with the name " Justine Henderson " in her billfold the night of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two assistants were assigned to keep a constant watch on Laika before launch. Just prior to liftoff on November	November	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
After scoring three goals in the club's first five matches of the season, Odubade failed to score again	again	ADV	until	ADP	 until
On several occasions countries were desperately attempting not to cause a devaluation but to prevent one. So states were	were	AUX	striving	VERB	 striving
" Graeme Virtue of The Scotsman called the League's reunion a " coup " for the series: "	"	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
The American ships responded by shelling Jean Bart, an incomplete French battleship forced to sail from Saint Nazaire in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
" Andersen biographer Alison Prince believes the tale to be a parable representing the different kinds of love. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
According to the International Herald Tribune, merchandise sales in China were expected to increase by 60 percent in 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A sufficient interspersion of the wood with the mycelium of the woodwasp is crucial for its hatching, as the	the	DET	fungus	NOUN	 fungus
On 23 August, he made his debut in a 0 – 1 home loss against the Philadelphia Union,	,	PUNCT	coming	VERB	 coming
Since two interstates can not have the same designation in the same state, one of the I 280s had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
He then banked his aircraft and aimed for the second aircraft in the formation, continuing the attack and scoring	scoring	NOUN	hits	NOUN	 hits
The blue coloured plumage, particularly the ear coverts, of the breeding males is highly iridescent due to the	the	DET	flattened	VERB	 flattened
Future construction of buildings for the College of Medicine will include a new space for the Medical Library outside of	of	ADP	Green	PROPN	 Green
Bethe, H. A.; Rajaraman, R. " Three body Problem in Nuclear Matter ", University of Southern	Southern	PROPN	California	PROPN	 California
It was suggested by Berthe van Regemorter that in the St Cuthbert Gospel this design represents Christ (as the	the	DET	central	ADJ	 central
In March 2006, Mills and McCartney travelled to Canada to bring attention to the country's annual seal hunt	hunt	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At that time, M 57 designation was originally used in Charlevoix County from Boyne Falls at M 13 (	(	PUNCT	now	ADV	now
Quarterback Manuel completed two of those three pass attempts, gaining 37 yards and advancing deep into Virginia Tech territory	territory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He then retired and took up a television and modelling career in the United States. After returning to Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Anderson was added to the cast in a bid to add more " sex appeal " to the show.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Brundage had been successful in a number of track and field events while at Illinois. In 1910, as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Summers though had travelled to Australia to extend his boxing campaign, and in the spring of 1914 Dyer decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
The structure of the song is complex and, unlike other Malagasy musical styles, parallel thirds are not predominant	predominant	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
He attended the London premiere of Elgar's First Symphony, in 1908, and dined with the composer afterwards	afterwards	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Upon returning home, Craig was unable to maintain the level of performances that he displayed in the previous Australian	Australian	ADJ	summer	NOUN	 summer
Already by 1769 – 71, both Austria and Prussia had annexed some border territories belonging to the Commonwealth.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Saltonstall sent further reinforcements, but Abenaki raids in the area continued until 1727, when Grey Lock apparently tired	tired	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The temple's traditional identification with Saturn is purely hypothetical and has not generally been accepted. Volubilis also possessed	possessed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Moving through Saranac Lake, the business and tourism anchor for the area, NY 86 is well marked,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Barbara Broccoli chose David Arnold to score Tomorrow Never Dies on a recommendation from prolific James Bond films composer John	John	PROPN	Barry	PROPN	 Barry
The statement also criticizes the doctrine for failing to recognize the will of God: God's will should have	have	VERB	precedence	NOUN	 precedence
Midway through the song, Lil Wayne's verse contains a reference to rapper B.G.. Williams is the last	last	ADJ	artist	NOUN	 artist
In general, the output of these blocks can not be used as the input unless it is captured by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
At present, The Blyth Academy is one of three high schools in Blyth Valley. Opened on 1 September	September	PROPN	2000	NUM	 2000
Other sources, however, define it simply as an inability to read in the context of normal intelligence,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Parliament enacted a series of measures to increase revenue from the colonies. Parliament believed that these acts, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
It received mostly positive reviews from critics for its storyline and entertaining cultural references. It was viewed by 9.66	9.66	NUM	million	NUM	 million
By converting 27 of 29 save opportunities prior to the All Star break, Nathan was selected as a reserve	reserve	NOUN	player	NOUN	 player
After completing it, she wrote to a friend: " I had put a good deal of my true	true	ADJ	self	NOUN	 self
The Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction event, during which the non avian dinosaurs became extinct, is the most well	well	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Irruptions (sudden population increases) can occur in some areas after rain or the movement of floodwaters. The	The	DET	black	ADJ	 black
John V. Orth, writing in the Constitutional Commentary, concurs, saying that " If that were so,	,	PUNCT	why	SCONJ	 why
Love Händel made a cameo appearance in the season two episode " Thaddeus and Thor. " In this episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Falling back up to 31 miles (50 km) in some places, they took up positions along a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Solutions to this problem included the pop up Picket Hamilton fort — a light pillbox that could be lowered to	to	ADP	ground	NOUN	 ground
She received her first kiss from him, but her infatuation with him began to wane as she questioned whether	whether	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
According to Meguro, the songs " Pursuing My True Self " and " Reach Out to the Truth "	"	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
" We had the greatest time in those markets " said Al Joulani. In September 2014, the North	North	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
In 1961, the city attempted to thwart blockbusting by erecting road barriers in Cascade Heights, countering the efforts	efforts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mainer took jobs at local radio stations to increase the visibility of his relative's ensemble, recording classics such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Ferguson was zealous in execution of this assignment, raising nearly 1,100 men. However, he angered many colonists	colonists	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
He also received assistance in collecting sources from a college friend, Middleton, and a Dr. Lembke. In	In	ADP	contrast	NOUN	 contrast
Olds himself shot down one of the seven, for which he and the other aircrew were awarded Silver Stars	Stars	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
From the late 1930s Kenneth Clark became an unlikely but influential champion of Moore's work, and through his	his	PRON	position	NOUN	 position
This included a church in Smithfield and the Natural History Museum; in the latter's case, Campbell believed	believed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Having anticipated this decision, the enraged Strachan had resigned a year earlier to open Trinity College as a private	private	ADJ	Anglican	ADJ	 Anglican
The delay allowed another developer to announce an agreement to acquire the property. In March 1999, Chicago based	based	VERB	developer	NOUN	 developer
A full scale, 40 feet (12 m) version of the tower was built in the hangar;	;	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
In his debut game with the Falcons, Hester caught 5 passes for 99 yards, helping lead the Falcons	Falcons	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The trail was usable until 1939, due to the continuous recession of the Portage Glacier. The final party	party	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They filed for divorce in September 1981; she would later get all of his Senate pension income. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
The defensive operation led to the destruction of the SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Regiment 48 " General Seyffardt " due to	to	ADP	tactical	ADJ	 tactical
" Spacey also said that the hardest part was not laughing through takes, with Baldwin and Pollak being the	the	DET	worst	ADJ	 worst
The game's first level depicts the protagonist repelling terrorist attacks on Washington, D.C., including the President's	's	PART	limousine	NOUN	 limousine
It featured the 2.4 L LE5 Ecotec engine with variable valve timing, making 171 hp at 5,600 rpm and	and	CCONJ	163	NUM	 163
His wife divorced him and he returned to Berlin. In May 1914, two months before war broke out	out	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Griffin dropped out of college and became, at the age of 19, the youngest ever member of a	a	DET	presidential	ADJ	 presidential
As a nonprofit shelter, the Refuge is run mainly by volunteers who clean litter boxes, change food and	and	CCONJ	water	NOUN	 water
This performance also earned him the NL Player of the Week honors for the week of July 5 – 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
DKP systems were first designed for Everquest in 1999 by Thott as part of the creation of a guild called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Henderson describes it as " an uncanny piercing tone that takes off, Eastern sounding beyond the range of the	the	DET	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
After Shepard's squad returns to the Normandy, the team uses the Omega 4 Relay to get to the	the	DET	Collector	PROPN	 Collector
It is the Saskatchewan section of the Yellowhead Highway, and also the Trans Canada Highway Yellowhead section. The	The	DET	main	ADJ	 main
The TV program was never produced, but in 1985, Simon and Schuster published Contact and Warner moved forward	forward	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Detailed government " Creationism teaching guidance " for schools in England was published on September 18, 2007. It	It	PRON	states	VERB	 states
These received similar treatment. It took Cromwell four years to complete the process. In 1539 he moved to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1998, a statue of Oscar Wilde was built at the junction of Adelaide Street and Duncannon Street,	,	PUNCT	adjoining	VERB	 adjoining
Austria's Brigitte Kindler equalised two minutes later from a penalty stroke, flicking the ball beyond Zimbabwean goalkeeper Sarah	Sarah	PROPN	English	PROPN	 English
Their supposed amphibious nature is supported by the discovery of a pregnant Maiacetus, in which the fossilised fetus was	was	AUX	positioned	VERB	 positioned
Two months later he was granted safe conduct out of the country, and flew to exile in Mexico.	.	PUNCT	Immediately	ADV	 Immediately
The Chevron Corporation discovered the Adar Yale field in 1981, shortly before the start of the Second Sudanese Civil	Civil	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
Alekhine's games have a higher percentage of wins than those of any other World Champion, and his drawn	drawn	VERB	games	NOUN	 games
According to the " optimistic " historiographic tradition, Louis continued Casimir the Great's policy of preserving the unity	unity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chandler then took his son to see a psychiatrist called Dr. Mathis Abrams, and during the three hour session	session	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In 1937 – 38 she was reconstructed to serve as a dedicated training ship for naval cadets at the Arsenale	Arsenale	PROPN	di	X	 di
Although they were eliminated in the Champions League semi finals by the eventual champions, Inter Milan, Messi finished	finished	VERB	the	DET	 the
Smyrna provided the main shipyard and base for the Aegean, with a secondary one at Stadeia, while the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful	beautiful	ADJ	former	ADJ	 former
Lyell and Hooker agreed that a joint publication putting together Wallace's pages with extracts from Darwin's 1844 Essay	Essay	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1954, Shostakovich wrote the Festive Overture, opus 96, that was used as the theme music for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In some areas, it may be an insufficiency of suitable nesting sites that is the factor limiting barn owl	owl	NOUN	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
In addition, the patient should ideally be free of pain, paraesthesia, able to chew and taste and	and	CCONJ	be	AUX	 be
The Meermin was built for use as a slave ship in the VOC's African trade; between 1658 and	and	CCONJ	1799	NUM	 1799
Marion gave in, and put him in for a home game on May 6 against the Philadelphia Athletics.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
" Ramsey Isler of IGN reiterated his own enjoyment of the premise of the episode, but went on to	to	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
In the early 21st century the service sector was the country's largest, followed by industry (mining and	and	CCONJ	manufacturing	NOUN	 manufacturing
In the United States, DGC issued " Heart Shaped Box " to college, modern rock, and album	album	NOUN	oriented	VERB	 oriented
Some of the last built 747 400s were delivered with Dreamliner livery along with the modern Signature interior from the	the	DET	Boeing	PROPN	 Boeing
Early on September 17, the JTWC began issuing advisories on Tropical Depression 16W. Located within a weak steering environment	environment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Abu Ali Iyad refused to do so, however, and he and his Tiger Cubs stayed put in their	their	PRON	Ajlun	PROPN	 Ajlun
Christie suggested that even if the entire line were not to be built, the first stage between Cronulla,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
At the second Bayreuth Festival Parsifal was performed 16 times; at the last performance on 29 August, Wagner	Wagner	PROPN	himself	PRON	 himself
But I thought they did it very, very well ". Many critics expressed that because of the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Of these various incidents, the English's massacring French prisoners at the Battle of Agincourt and the starvation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tracking northward, it began to lose tropical characteristics. On September 20, the system affected Britain with high	high	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
The video gaming website 1UP.com composed a list of the " Top 5 ' Late to the Party ' Games	Games	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Behind him a few feet near the corner of C. S. Fly's boarding house was Wyatt. Morgan Earp	Earp	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In March 2009, the Navy renewed the contract with Lockheed to build its second LCS, the Fort Worth	Worth	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Some areas of the state resisted the change. Notably, in 1956, when nine black students in Sturgis	Sturgis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They arrange a date, Chandler unsuspecting that it is a plot to get revenge. After convincing him to	to	PART	wear	VERB	 wear
To verify these assumptions, the NATD filmed hundreds of takeoffs and landings aboard Akagi in October – November 1938	1938	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The station is on the South Wales Main Line from London to Swansea, 111 miles 68 chains (180.01	180.01	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
This rarefaction wave travels back up the tube (image 2). The rarefaction is reflected off the sloping	sloping	VERB	end	NOUN	 end
He was 8th in 1962 and runner up in 1963. Clint Castleberry was the only freshman in the history	history	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hicks had previously decided to send the Staffords on the second lift to join their battalion fighting in Arnhem,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The Yankees swept the series from Pittsburgh. After pitching a three hit shutout against the Red Sox on August	August	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
In the last instrumental section, Harrison incorporates the conclusion of Lao Tzu's poem, beginning with the line	line	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The newspaper did not publish an edition on 3 April. Al Jamri acknowledged that the reports identified in Bahrain	Bahrain	PROPN	TV	NOUN	 TV
Two days before the program's approval, Nathaniel Davis, the Assistant Secretary of State, told Henry Kissinger	Kissinger	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Fifty women joined the new sorority in the first rush in the fall of 1993. The Kappa Delta Epsilon	Epsilon	PROPN	physical	ADJ	 physical
Even Swift's satire of Wood's character is based on actual evidence and added very little to what Wood	Wood	NOUN	provided	VERB	 provided
These incidents showed that Nakagawa was willing to ignore the laws of war. Following World War II, several	several	ADJ	searches	NOUN	 searches
Following the performance, Carey gained heavy media coverage for her apparent weight gain, leading many to suspect her	her	PRON	pregnancy	NOUN	 pregnancy
The feud is also linked to male virility, as the numerous jokes about maidenheads aptly demonstrate. Juliet also	also	ADV	submits	VERB	 submits
Part of the first generation raised under French colonization, Rabearivelo grew up impoverished and failed to complete secondary education	education	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pennsylvania arrived on 24 October only after a torturous journey, which saw the ship lose all but one of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
' We booted a gang of them into the human sea. " Bruce also recounts that their set had	had	VERB	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
She was launched on 22 March 1921 and commissioned on 30 August 1923, Captain R. R. Belknap in command	command	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In March 2001, Aaliyah finished recording the album after having filmed her part in Queen of the Damned for	for	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Mason, who may have been angry that Lee had not been chosen, refused on the ground that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" The Phillies didn't know the reason for the chants, but in the Mets ' dugout, bench	bench	ADJ	coach	NOUN	 coach
This must go further than the mere " hope " that the beneficiary (again I believe this should read	read	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
He entered the 2006 NHL Entry Draft having been ranked 23rd overall among prospects playing in North America by the	the	DET	NHL	PROPN	 NHL
Since then the school has grown to approximately 350 students. The college eschews federal financial aid and is therefore	therefore	ADV	relieved	VERB	 relieved
In August 1829, Wellington reported to court diarist Charles Greville that Victoria, then ten years old, had	had	AUX	caught	VERB	 caught
Gowing was based at Linacre College. Her appointment, Roy MacLeod wrote, " struck a conspicuous blow for	for	ADP	modern	ADJ	 modern
More than 16.5 million children are in employment. India was ranked 88 out of 159 countries in 2005,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
Zappa said many years later that Wilson signed the group to a record deal in the belief that they were	were	AUX	a	DET	 a
Max is initially highly defensive of her, but after a stern talking to by Abra, and being implored	implored	VERB	to	PART	 to
When the Republicans in June 1896 nominated former Ohio Governor William McKinley for president and passed at his request a	a	DET	platform	NOUN	 platform
Temples in desert areas could be covered by drifts of sand, while those near the Nile, particularly in	in	ADP	Lower	PROPN	 Lower
A different connection is mentioned in the medieval Life of St. Wigstan, which asserts that the " B "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The first principal keeper was James Ewing who looked after the light for the next eleven years. Despite the	the	DET	exceptionally	ADV	 exceptionally
It was Bellerophon's last seagoing service. She was paid off and converted to a prison ship in 1815	1815	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Homs is also home to several large public heavy industries, such as the oil refinery west of the city	city	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Dil Raju acquired the Nizam regional rights for ₹ 140 million, one of the highest prices paid for Nizam	Nizam	PROPN	rights	NOUN	 rights
In the second quarter, Arizona outscored Nevada 21 10. Taking advantage of two Nevada turnovers, an interception	interception	NOUN	thrown	VERB	 thrown
This song's success led to the release of McBride & the Ride's 1991 debut album Burnin ' Up	Up	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Devis is not the sharpest investigator, his heart is in the right place and he is fiercely loyal	loyal	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Suspended between the beams of the bridge were 1 mile (1.6 km) of 30 inch (76 cm	cm	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
They escape Bratislava while being pursued by the KGB, crossing over the border into Austria. Meanwhile, Pushkin	Pushkin	PROPN	meets	VERB	 meets
VAT's positioning in the heavy vehicle market strengthened in 1950 and the company started producing bus chassis. The	The	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Building upon Zhu Xi's concept of the " extension of knowledge " (理學 or 格物致知), gaining	gaining	VERB	understanding	NOUN	 understanding
In a detailed description of the piece, Us Weekly wrote, " The stunning image — captioned ' Where	Where	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
The specimen became the first dinosaur skeleton to be mounted for exhibition in a Canadian museum. Gilmore found that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Since Aberdeen's re emergence as one of the top teams in Scotland, Aberdeen's rivalry with Celtic has	has	AUX	increased	VERB	 increased
Although the Eighth United States Army's US 24th Infantry Division was in Japan and was available to respond to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Pretty on the Inside has had an influence on multiple alternative rock acts, being specifically mentioned by Spinnerette	Spinnerette	PROPN	frontwoman	NOUN	 frontwoman
In 1173, more than two years after the murder of Becket, King Henry II of England decided to	to	PART	fill	VERB	 fill
305 – 306), nor anything like it, recorded. " Citing the etymology of her name,	,	PUNCT	19th	ADJ	 19th
Soon the Southern Illinois Railway and Power company was bought by the Central Illinois Public Service Company. The inter	inter	ADJ	urban	ADJ	 urban
Kannada writings by Jain authors thus used impressive Sanskrit derived verses interspersed with prose to extol the virtues of their	their	PRON	patron	NOUN	 patron
Alonso and Vettel made simultaneous pit stops on the following lap; Alonso retained his lead despite Vettel's pit	pit	NOUN	crew	NOUN	 crew
(Reinforcements from such countries as Australia, Canada, Greece, New Zealand, Turkey, and the United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
A core of around 30 protesters ensured that there were always people staying there (a legal requirement for a	a	DET	squatted	VERB	 squatted
Losses in this action were 20 Japanese and 3 Marines killed. Small Allied naval convoys arrived at Guadalcanal on	on	ADP	23	NUM	 23
In 2000, the organization investigated the case of Raynard Johnson, who was found hanged by a belt from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Vincent Canby of The New York Times called the film " both numbing and impressive. " David Denby	Denby	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The entirety of this routing had previously been part of NY 33, which was truncated westward to downtown Rochester	Rochester	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Among the Naruto reader base, Gaara has been popular, placing high in several popularity polls, and always	always	ADV	making	VERB	 making
The fingerlike pinnae are pinnately divided into short stalked pinnules. However, this interpretation of the frond architecture (	(	PUNCT	pedately	ADV	pedately
These large sections were the fuselage, tail assembly, outer left wing, and the inner left wing.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Directed by German Expressionist filmmaker Paul Leni, the film stars Laura La Plante as Annabelle West, Forrest Stanley	Stanley	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The Kinks embarked on their tour of the US in October 1969. The tour was generally unsuccessful, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Rough terrain west of Masan limited the choice of the positions. The mountain group west of Masan was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The Glee take on Bieber's songs was praised, as were the vocals of cast members Amber Riley and	and	CCONJ	Lea	PROPN	 Lea
Nevertheless, Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip said after the summit that he had discussed Georgia's membership with US	US	PROPN	president	NOUN	 president
Unusually for an aircraft accident investigation, the investigative committee was not provided information as to the identities of the	the	DET	flight	NOUN	 flight
They are more likely to charge the enemy and destroy the enemies in the path. They may or may	may	AUX	not	PART	 not
When his poem " Night Piece " was attacked by William Kenrick in Kapelion, or Poetical Ordinary, possibly	possibly	ADV	out	ADP	 out
The Beatles wrote many songs during their visit to Rishikesh: 30 by one count, and " 48 songs	songs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Those earnings were a record that remained unbroken for nineteen years, which is also the longest amount of time	time	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Johnson himself, however, became much more than a friend; she described him in her letters as a	a	DET	father	NOUN	 father
His model of Sheridan was eventually cast in 1916 and stands in front of the New York State Capitol.	.	PUNCT	Gutzon	PROPN	 Gutzon
For these operations, Barbey was awarded the Navy Distinguished Service Medal. His citation read: The President of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Further inspiration for the album came from Madonna's exploration of other cultures and art, literature, and music	music	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2006, underground cables were installed to form a ‘ mini grid ’ between the farmhouse, workshops and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Before the 1935 – 36 season, the team had been appointed by a committee and the team was coached	coached	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At first they were unenthusiastic, but were persuaded to publish on the recommendation of Fleming's older brother,	,	PUNCT	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Swedish crews lacked the level of professionalism of Danish and Norwegian sailors, who often had experience from service in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another prefecture, the Jinman Bridle Prefecture, was created for the Chuyue tribes living in the southern Dzungar basin	basin	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
I 69 carries the Lake Huron Circle Tour in the Port Huron area and the I 69 Recreational Heritage Route	Route	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Nickelodeon animation president Brown Johnson said " Over the past decade, SpongeBob has become one of the most beloved	beloved	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
The structure of a plant, its branching and leaf arrangement may also be evolved to reduce herbivore impact.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The liner passes the Statue of Liberty and leaves New York Harbor. After some time, a German submarine	submarine	NOUN	cuts	NOUN	 cuts
Another reviewer praised the score, book, direction and, particularly, Porter, before suggesting that, before	before	ADP	opening	VERB	 opening
This was Zappa's home for the rest of his life. Despite being a success with fans in Europe	Europe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Despite the tensions on the set, Cooper produced " one of his best performances ", according to	to	ADP	Thornton	PROPN	 Thornton
On June 12, 2015, Judge Robert E. Morin set the retrial of Guandique for March 1, 2016	2016	NUM	but	CCONJ	 but
The two types of play also feature different arrays of performers. Martial plays predominantly feature young sheng, jing	jing	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They were required to hire an outside auditor to ensure compliance with the terms of the settlement. In 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
To encourage drinking, owners may add electrolytes to the feed, additives to make the water especially palatable (	(	PUNCT	such	ADJ	such
" Rowland debuted " Commander " live at Cathy Guetta's Fuck Me I'm Famous party in Miami,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
A complicating factor was that the battleships could not traverse the Suez Canal fully laden, so they would have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
It was considered the worst flood in the region since Hurricane Diane in 1955, and was caused partially because	because	SCONJ	falling	VERB	 falling
The liver enzymes are normal in 7 – 53%. Late relapses after apparent cure have been reported,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
As a worker of the firm, Crusoe will collect wages, as a shareholder, he will collect profits	profits	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They dictate many aspects of student life, including how to greet others (using the official school greeting "	"	PUNCT	Howdy	PROPN	 Howdy
In the Official Centenary History it was noted that " it is too perhaps too much to expect, even	even	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Pressure from the public and victims ' families prompted the chief coroner of the province to launch an inquiry,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" After his retirement, he began abusing drugs on a regular basis. He went through drug rehab twice	twice	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Red Flag exercises at Wendover were discontinued after 1986. The U.S. Air Force relinquished the remainder of Decker Field	Field	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Forming out of a tropical wave on September 1, 1973, Delia gradually strengthened into a tropical storm as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Already Defense and Foreign Minister, Badr became acting Prime Minister and Interior Minister as well. Despite being Crown	Crown	PROPN	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
Later that year, Michelle Davies became Albion's first female director. She, however, has since stepped	stepped	VERB	down	ADV	 down
The Naval Academy wore maroon socks, caps, and belts, with white pants and jerseys. Both teams	teams	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
It was written by Kesha Sebert, Lukasz Gottwald and Claude Kelly and it was produced by Dr. Luke with	with	ADP	vocal	ADJ	 vocal
Both names were retained, often in separate genera (Ginglymostoma and Nebrius respectively), until they were synonymized	synonymized	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Veteran voice actor Nolan North, who portrays protagonist Nathan Drake in Naughty Dog's Uncharted series, was chosen	chosen	VERB	to	PART	 to
On 4 March 1918, company cook Albert Gitchell reported sick at Fort Riley, Kansas. By noon on	on	ADP	11	NUM	 11
The side judge is positioned twenty yards downfield of the head linesman. He mainly duplicates the functions of the	the	DET	back	ADJ	 back
The script serves as a criticism of people who take such works of pop culture too seriously. Although this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Because of the success of both versions, " I Heard It Through the Grapevine " was the first and	and	CCONJ	last	ADJ	 last
A Company continued to attack against heavy opposition and indirect fire, slowly pushing the Chinese defenders back. Later	Later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On November 19, BBC Radio 3 reviewed the album on its program " CD Review ", which discusses	discusses	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
An iOS (iPad only) port was released on December 15, 2011, and added two features:	:	PUNCT	Complex	PROPN	 Complex
Chinese trade was mostly conducted overland through middle men along the Silk Road; Indian trade, however, also	also	ADV	occurred	VERB	 occurred
The Roman invasion, and possibly the preceding period of involvement in the internal affairs of the south of England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Fought by the Parliamentarians, commanded by Sydnam Poyntz, and the Royalists under the personal command of King Charles	Charles	PROPN	I	PROPN	 I
Browder was still filming Farscape at that time, but had met several Stargate producers on sci fi conventions.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
Ben Gerson of Rolling Stone deemed All Things Must Pass " both an intensely personal statement and a grandiose gesture	gesture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, Parker Lee (Julie Gonzalo) ends her relationship with Logan, and Keith Mars (Enrico Colantoni	Colantoni	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Historically, a number of approaches have been taken to address the problem posed by restriction; these have included	included	VERB	choosing	VERB	 choosing
He moved to São Paulo in 1965 and had a hit single when his song " Louvação " (which	which	PRON	later	ADV	 later
Like her father she played the lute, virginals and (unlike her father) was a fine singer.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
However, they chose to operate their de Havilland Herons from Trondheim Airport, Lade, just a few kilometers	kilometers	NOUN	outside	ADV	 outside
New subsidiary legislation published in the Gazette may be viewed for free on line for five days on the Electronic	Electronic	PROPN	Gazette	PROPN	 Gazette
Naem khao is a salad dish in Lao cuisine prepared using Lao fermented pork sausage, rice, coconut,	,	PUNCT	peanuts	NOUN	 peanuts
Although he had close ties to revolutionary socialism, Castro avoided an alliance with the communist PSP, fearing it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
As Rihanna answers, she converses with a male friend, presumably her boyfriend. As she tells him that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
" Angels with Dirty Faces " was heavily promoted through Cartoon Network's animated television series The Powerpuff Girls.	.	PUNCT	Merchandise	NOUN	 Merchandise
In the 2001 – 02 season, his first in the Premier League, Nolan scored eight league goals,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The current building has received several design awards. In 2000, the American Institute of Steel Construction awarded Degenkolb	Degenkolb	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
" Additionally, he has pledged to write a novella set in the game world. On October 16,	,	PUNCT	2012	NUM	 2012
The Rome treaties were hurried through just before de Gaulle was given emergency powers and proclaimed the Fifth Republic.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Egg tempera was the dominant medium until the 1430s, and while it produces both bright and light colours,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The critically acclaimed episode became the source of the Overlord meme, and features numerous film parodies, mostly of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
In 2004 the World Bank approved his administration's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper, entitled Madagascar Naturellement (Madagascar Naturally	Naturally	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" However, Goss relented, " The voice over tapers off, though, and Levi proves to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
The bill failed, but Johnson persisted in re introducing it every year. In 1824, it passed the	the	DET	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
Heavily veiled, in an inconspicuous place among the mourners from France's political and artistic élite, was his	his	PRON	widow	NOUN	 widow
After the release of her live album Nina Simone at Town Hall, Simone became a favorite performer in Greenwich	Greenwich	PROPN	Village	PROPN	 Village
Exports from Asia transported along the Silk Road included fabrics, carpets, furs, weapons, utensils, metals	metals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Its proposals has largely been rejected by the remaining political parties, as well as the mass media. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was first released on the PlayStation 2 in North America on October 29, 2001. The game is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
In a 2009 interview for The Atlanta Journal Constitution, Hunt discussed working as an independent artist, stating "	"	PUNCT	Creatively	ADV	 Creatively
The first task of the new air force, the backbone of which was provided by 500 former VVKJ officers	officers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The frequency and number of head bobs have particular meanings to other iguanas. Green iguanas are hunted by predatory	predatory	NOUN	birds	NOUN	 birds
It further resolved into four subclades, so Thiele and Ladiges split it into four subseries. B. telmatiaea appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
First introduced in Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain in 1996, he was created by Denis Dyack and Silicon	Silicon	PROPN	Knights	PROPN	 Knights
An initial budget of 50,000 Israeli liras was granted for the project, headed by Aryeh Eliav. On 31	31	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
Guevara returned to the seaside village of Tarara in June for his honeymoon with Aleida. In total, Guevara	Guevara	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
There is partial evidence indicating that SPT may reduce challenging behaviours. Finally, validation therapy is based on acceptance	acceptance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Type 96 guns were controlled by six Type 95 directors, one for every pair of mounts. In	In	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Launched in 1927, the vessels were named Hrabri (Brave) and Nebojša (Fearless). Their design	design	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Butterflies protect themselves from predators by a variety of means. Chemical defences are widespread and are mostly based on	on	ADP	chemicals	NOUN	 chemicals
The song was a commercial success in the United Kingdom, debuting at number one on the UK Singles Chart	Chart	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 86th Reconnaissance Troop arrived in France on 1 March 1945, acclimated and trained, and then moved to	to	ADP	Köln	PROPN	 Köln
The town hosts the headquarters of several British companies and the UK offices of foreign multinationals, as well as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Surplus weapons were donated to Bolivia, Colombia and Tunisia. Tactically, SAWs are either carried with a maneuvering	maneuvering	NOUN	unit	NOUN	 unit
Instead, they reflect the way we actually think, the links between the images are emotional, and simple	simple	ADJ	everyday	ADJ	 everyday
Believed to have been written between 1591 and 1595, the play was first published in a quarto version in	in	ADP	1597	NUM	 1597
Innovations to the mechanical clock continued, with miniaturization leading to domestic clocks in the 15th century, and personal	personal	ADJ	watches	NOUN	 watches
They were clear of Cambridge by Craven Steps, and by the time the crews passed the Mile Post,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
India (2007) and a man with Asperger syndrome in My Name Is Khan (2010). His	His	PRON	highest	ADJ	 highest
This was due to the large size of Florence; the overall wind field reached a diameter of 460 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Drama and fantasy shows are anticipated as are Latin telenovelas, Asianovelas, and anime. Daytime television is dominated	dominated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He collected numerous league awards, winning the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy in 1990 as the league's most sportsmanlike	sportsmanlike	NOUN	player	NOUN	 player
The VOC authorities in Cape Town had sent their chief ship's carpenter, Philip van den Berg, with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The names, but not the identity, of two of them have been recorded, the Postern of St.	St.	PROPN	Lazarus	PROPN	 Lazarus
1UP.com complained that as the game progresses " instead of getting more of the things that work [combat]	]	X	,	PUNCT	,
Nearby Ellis Island was made part of the Statue of Liberty National Monument by proclamation of President Lyndon Johnson in	in	ADP	1965	NUM	 1965
However, historian Peter Hofschröer has written that Wellington and Blücher met at Genappe around 22: 00, signifying	signifying	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although his protests were to little effect, Bayard continued to voice opposition to the majority party's plans for	for	ADP	reconstructing	VERB	 reconstructing
The two buildings of the World Financial Center also suffered damage. The Deutsche Bank Building across Liberty Street from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The cast and crew were well aware of the behind the scenes conflicts and David Calder later recalled that there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
Intrada Music Group released a Special Collection limited edition of Newman's full 23 track score on November 3,	,	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
The Woodward Dream Cruise takes place on Woodward Avenue between Pontiac and Ferndale during August of each year, evoking	evoking	VERB	nostalgia	NOUN	 nostalgia
Despite the lack of a significant theater community at Hampden – Sydney, Colbert's interest in acting escalated during	during	ADP	this	DET	 this
With John von Neumann, he contributed an idea of using implosion to ignite the Super. The model of	of	ADP	Teller	PROPN	 Teller
During development of the design, a flame positioned over his head alongside flaming eyes were considered, but were	were	AUX	cut	VERB	 cut
Mysticeti split from Odontoceti (toothed whales) 34 million years ago during the Eocene. Their evolutionary link to	to	PART	archaic	VERB	 archaic
Towards the end of his reign he supervised the building of at least one royal man of war near his	his	PRON	palace	NOUN	 palace
Mölders was the first of 27 German servicemen to receive this award. The diamonds added to the Knight's	's	PART	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
It was designated the Stabswache (" Staff Guard "). The Stabswache were issued unique badges, but	but	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
Witness Vera Alexander described how he sewed two Romani twins together back to back in an attempt to create conjoined	conjoined	VERB	twins	NOUN	 twins
After the furor in Machecoul died down later in the spring, the former pastor at Machecoul, the non	non	ADJ	juring	PROPN	 juring
UB 5 was initially assigned to the Flanders Flotilla in March 1915 and sank five British ships of 996 gross	gross	ADJ	register	NOUN	 register
They eventually concluded that it was all a hoax, outlining in detail the reasons for their verdict, and	and	CCONJ	giving	VERB	 giving
The English Liberties (1680, in later versions often British Liberties) by the Whig propagandist Henry Care (	(	PUNCT	d.	PROPN	d.
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own the O & ATC was unable to operate the line	line	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The band was known as Godzilla until 2001. Gojira is composed of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Joe Duplantier,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
The poems were largely inspired by Lord Byron, including the long title poem " Tamerlane ", which depicts	depicts	VERB	an	DET	 an
In Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Ridley, in both normal and Meta Ridley forms, appears as a boss	boss	NOUN	character	NOUN	 character
Throughout the whole process, it's been an ever changing target ", he said. The last changes	changes	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The ultimate aim is to land on, or ideally surpass, a line marked across the hill called the	the	DET	'	PUNCT	 '
Between 22 April and 29 May 1943, the 2 / 7th Infantry Battalion, at the end of a	a	DET	long	ADJ	 long
After the early loss of Laura Newton, Taylor was dismissed for the third duck of her ODI career,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Marlins acquired him in the 1992 expansion draft, and he pitched in Florida until he was traded to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
A nativity scene takes its inspiration from the accounts of the birth of Jesus in the Gospels of Matthew and	and	CCONJ	Luke	PROPN	 Luke
" In other words, according to Yuri Savenko, all professional errors and omissions are presented as untouchable by	by	ADP	virtue	NOUN	 virtue
The storm turned to the south, and Hurricane Hunters reported that Able strengthened to hurricane status on May 17	17	NUM	off	ADP	 off
Always tough to play against at the Superdome, the Saints wore down the Detroit defense and New Orleans would	would	AUX	go	VERB	 go
In Rotterdam, he was defeated by Marcos Baghdatis in the first round. Murray reached the semifinals of the	the	DET	doubles	NOUN	 doubles
Critical reaction to " Rosebud " was largely positive and in 2003 Entertainment Weekly placed the episode in second place	place	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" He remembered really enjoying the episode as a child, but felt that it didn't hold up on	on	ADP	repeat	NOUN	 repeat
In Brazil, Décio Colla, the Mayor of the City of São Francisco de Paula, Rio Grande do	do	AUX	Sul	PROPN	 Sul
The task appeared impossible at that time. However, these results also noted that the system might be able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Discussing the storyline, Edmondson commented of his character: " Typically he has been drinking and hasn't warned	warned	VERB	Ric	PROPN	 Ric
Much of his recent work includes photographs from Iceland and Greenland, some with stark images of minerals and rocks	rocks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These were not installed because it was estimated that the conversion would delay completion of the ships by 6 to	to	PART	8	NUM	 8
On 28 August, the Japanese launched their offensive. The Australians, who had initially been outnumbered but were	were	AUX	now	ADV	 now
" Further, under the U.S. federal tax laws, even if labor were considered " property " the gain	gain	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
During the show, Gaga confirmed via telephone, that she would perform " Born This Way " on February	February	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
He was decorated with the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) for this exploit, as well as his "	"	PUNCT	untiring	NOUN	 untiring
These games typically feature special moves that are triggered using rapid sequences of carefully timed button presses and joystick movements	movements	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Angelou's poetry has influenced the modern hip hop music community, including artists such as Kanye West, Common	Common	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Diamonds cut glass, but this does not positively identify a diamond because other materials, such as quartz,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
He was reportedly crushed between his car and a garage door. Despite not taking part in this edition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Miller reportedly snapped " So would I — if I had fibrositis "; Bradman had been discharged from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a part of the promotion for the show, the cast performed at the Grammy Awards on January 31	31	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" They faced league leaders Aston Villa on 13 December 1998, and having taken a 2 – 0 lead	lead	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The valley of the River Hull has been inhabited since the early Neolithic period but there is little evidence of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
To biographer John Earl Bassett, McGregor represents, in part, the author's disdain and fear for parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The independent states within the Commonwealth would share the same monarch in a relationship likened to a personal union.	.	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
When Olga was fifteen, a group of officers aboard the imperial yacht gave her a portrait of Michelangelo's	's	PART	nude	ADJ	 nude
Pi Kappa Alpha was not originally organized as a sectional fraternity; however, by constitutional provision it became so	so	ADV	in	ADP	 in
" Bach wrote the chorale cantata in his second year as Thomaskantor in Leipzig for the Feast of Purification,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Avery Coonley was one of seventeen Illinois schools recognized as a Blue Ribbon School by the United States Department of	of	ADP	Education	PROPN	 Education
Their analyses suggest a phylogeny that differs greatly from George's taxonomic arrangement. Banksia canei resolves as an early	early	ADJ	offshoot	NOUN	 offshoot
Examples of resonant orbits within the scattered disc include 1: 3, 2: 7, 3: 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At the second test in Barcelona, Lotus F1 discovered a critical fault in the build of their chassis that	that	PRON	forced	VERB	 forced
Bustle also cited the same episode as one of the show's worst, calling it " the most nonsensical	nonsensical	ADJ	idea	NOUN	 idea
A number of other athletes had the potential to win medals by virtue of previous strong finishes in international competition	competition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The most catastrophic effects of the season were felt on the United States ' Gulf Coast, where a 30	30	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
In total, the buildings of the castle provided around 1,100 square metres (12,000 sq ft) of accommodation	accommodation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mamie, meanwhile, was delighted in being able to use everything they always had in storage, and decorated	decorated	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
Methamphetamine was discovered in 1893 and exists as two enantiomers: levo methamphetamine and dextro methamphetamine. Methamphetamine properly refers	refers	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the Firth of Clyde, Norse burials have been found on Arran, although not Bute and place name	name	NOUN	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Later versions of the Hunter were fitted with SNEB Pods; these were 68 mm (2.68 in) rocket	rocket	NOUN	projectiles	NOUN	 projectiles
But the voters passed Amendment 64 by a clear majority. That ’ s why we ’ re going to	to	PART	implement	VERB	 implement
UB 11's standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men. After work on UB 11 was	was	AUX	complete	ADJ	 complete
At the same time in 1988, Disney's started entering into Australia's long standing animation industry, by	by	ADP	purchasing	VERB	 purchasing
Bono called the track a " sneak preview " of its pending record. On 9 September 2014, U2	U2	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
This could see the redevelopment of the Arms Park, including a new 15,000 seater stadium at 90 degrees to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
At certain points, the player has to answer questions from the judge, the witnesses, or the prosecutor	prosecutor	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Mills told the inquiry that Morgan was " a man that has written nothing but awful things about me for	for	ADP	years	NOUN	 years
Complete lack of psittacin produces blue colouration, whereas reduced psittacin can produce a colour between green and blue called	called	VERB	parblue	NOUN	 parblue
The first official train ran within the modern day suburban area on 9 December 1885, although the line was	was	AUX	closed	VERB	 closed
" GameSpy's Bernard Dy wrote that the game failed to live up to the Jane's Combat Simulations pedigree	pedigree	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Fronted by chief songwriter and lead vocalist Sean Bonniwell, the band cultivated a characteristically dark and rebellious image reflected	reflected	VERB	in	ADP	 in
As late as the Siege of Charleston in 1780, Loyalists could still believe in their eventual victory, as	as	SCONJ	British	ADJ	 British
Initially, the system had a 12 minute headway on each of the two services. From 3 December this	this	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Admiral Hugo von Pohl replaced him as commander of the fleet. Admiral von Pohl conducted a series of fleet	fleet	NOUN	advances	NOUN	 advances
" Different " (ちがう, Chigau): A girl asks to meet her boyfriend in the park after they	they	PRON	have	AUX	 have
It has a similar buoyant and easy flight. The sexes are identical in appearance although the male averages slightly	slightly	ADV	larger	ADJ	 larger
Sudirman led from the front, wielding a katana. The Allies, whose air support had been cut off	off	ADP	when	SCONJ	 when
At Steinitz's insistence the contract said it would be " for the Championship of the World ". After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
La Ronde, who coincidentally arrived in Boston on 8 June, the same day as Nicholson, was apparently	apparently	ADV	unsuccessful	ADJ	 unsuccessful
The saga relates of how, during an earlier time, Kali Kolsson assisted Haraldr Gille in being recognised as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
Finally, she was glad it was not too " gory " and summarized, " On Body of Proof	Proof	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
" Overall, Gill gave Wonderland 3 out of 5. Local paper the Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph reported that Wonderland	Wonderland	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" Before the Germans could approve this, the Ottomans announced on 11 August that they had purchased the ships	ships	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The result was the History of a Six Weeks ' Tour, published in November 1817. That autumn,	,	PUNCT	Percy	PROPN	 Percy
During the filming of " I Am God ", UPN and Warner Bros. set up a " Veronica Mars	Mars	PROPN	Press	PROPN	 Press
After ending a 17 game winless run, manager Neil Lennon, who had been investigated by the club due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The Commercial Import Program was created in January 1955, immediately upon the transfer of France's remaining direct influence	influence	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
We drank it all night, then headed to the studio – Jeff got on keyboards, Mark starts playing	playing	VERB	electronic	ADJ	 electronic
The arrival in Edo of American Commodore Matthew Perry in 1853 led to the Convention of Kanagawa in 1854,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The five projects under this initiative are; Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, State Route 520 serving downtown	downtown	NOUN	Seattle	PROPN	 Seattle
Ewan McGregor as Obi Wan Kenobi: a Jedi Master and general for the Galactic Republic. Natalie Portman as	as	ADP	Padmé	PROPN	 Padmé
This new road would shorten time between the two communities through Herkimer County. The Paine's Hollow Road opened	opened	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Each software package has a maintainer that may be either one person or a team of Debian developers and non	non	ADJ	developer	NOUN	 developer
Gazan was a second lieutenant in the Coast Guard cannoniers of Antibes at the age of fifteen. In 1786	1786	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During the term, Breckinridge lost four cases, won one, and the justices sent one back for retrial	retrial	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
By 1970, what was the US 309 / PA 29 / US 222 freeway had the PA 29 designation	designation	NOUN	removed	VERB	 removed
It took Stewart a while to enjoy the band's music, as her own tastes ran toward her father	father	NOUN	's	PART	's
According to Imogen's account, her duties included conducting local brass bands, leading hymn singing practice ("	"	PUNCT	fourteen	NUM	 fourteen
The veiled nature of the political references was deliberate; it allowed the work to be acceptable to the censors	censors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Iginla scored five goals in the tournament to lead the Blazers to a second consecutive national championship. He received	received	VERB	the	DET	 the
The outdoors stimulates new ways of thinking and approaching both task- and group related problems. As participants learn they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
Empire magazine voted the films at # 1 on the ' 32 Greatest Film Trilogies '. In addition,	,	PUNCT	six	NUM	 six
Southwesterly vertical wind shear impacted Maury, which led to its tilting to the northeast with height. By early	early	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
In June 2005 SFI went into administration, and sold 98 of its 150 outlets to the Laurel Pub Company	Company	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The flier included the phone number (834) -104 7370, which has the area code of Tamaulipas.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He played a total of 38 times in all competitions during his first season with the club, scoring twice	twice	ADV	as	SCONJ	 as
The Foundation manages the university's endowment, currently amounting to well over half a billion dollars. The endowment	endowment	NOUN	helps	AUX	 helps
A.P. Hill failed to commit any of his reserves to the pursuit of the Seminary defenders, a great missed	missed	VERB	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
A few moments later, Guy Lapointe rifled a low shot that again beat Dzurilla, however this goal was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Head coach Lloyd Carr noted his disfavor with Graham at the start of the season: " Brandon, he	he	PRON	needs	VERB	 needs
Other activities in the area include wildlife viewing, photography, fishing, and visits to the remains of the	the	DET	Childs	PROPN	 Childs
The threat of Hurricane Floyd forced schools, malls, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst to close. In	In	ADP	Connecticut	PROPN	 Connecticut
The battle to recapture Eros results in the discovery of advanced alien technology, including gravity manipulation. Political conflicts	conflicts	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The regenerative brakes were removed in the late 1940s. The two trams ' motors were prone to technical failures	failures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the queen's marriage in 1840, her husband, Prince Albert, concerned himself with a reorganisation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next morning, Nancy admits that the two spending the night together was a big deal, as Jack	Jack	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He had two assistants; but the dissection was disturbed by John Woods, who admitted the public, for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
This was not the case; the Arnolds and their associates all lived in a small area within southeastern Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Colin Williamson (AllGame) said that Killer Instinct Gold was best for players who want " Mortal Kombat on	on	ADP	speed	NOUN	 speed
Raëlians routinely advocate sex positive feminism and genetically modified food. They also have protested against wars and the Catholic	Catholic	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
He asks, " has the gritty vocal of Bonnie Tyler still got what it takes to make you tingle	tingle	ADJ	?	PUNCT	?
Shankly met his wife, Nessie, in the RAF (she was in the WAAF and stationed at the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
In 1857, his committee persuaded the Senate to authorize twelve sloops of war. These entered the navy beginning	beginning	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Similarly, his eldest son, Ibrahim Ismail, was convicted in the 1980s of shooting dead a man in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am	Am	AUX	...	PUNCT	...
They were used to improve both the Ardennes and Vladimir Heavy Draft horses, and to create the Spanish Norman	Norman	PROPN	breed	NOUN	 breed
The Global Times reported that, as of 28 December 2010, 71 people had been injured, and 36	36	NUM	were	AUX	 were
Members of an affected meat ant colony later move to a nearby satellite nest that is placed in a suitable	suitable	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
The spores are ellipsoid, thin walled, smooth, colorless, amyloid, and measure 8 – 9.5 by	by	ADP	4	NUM	 4
Vernon Jamadar, Leader of the Opposition in Trinidad and Tobago, praised Sobers ' " calm dignity in response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
On the east side of town, M 26 and M 38 meet and join in a concurrency after Ontonagon	Ontonagon	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Compared with the other grunge bands of the early 1990s, Pearl Jam ’ s style is noticeably less heavy	heavy	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Star Trek based comics have been almost continuously published since 1967. They have been offered by several companies,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Allison was sacked at the end of the 1975 – 76 campaign, and it was under Terry Venables '	'	PART	management	NOUN	 management
Ward then gave details to the press, but no paper would print the story. He also wrote to	to	ADP	Wilson	PROPN	 Wilson
Rip It Up's Matt Ruys awarded The Experiment four out of five stars, calling it " arguably one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Griffin's arrest was made two days after those of John Tyndall and several other people, over remarks they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
To prevent further piracy in Britain, Irving paid to have the first four American installments published as a single	single	ADJ	volume	NOUN	 volume
McNamara was raised to group captain in 1936, and attended the Imperial Defence College, London, the following	following	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
Each of the main façade's first- and second story windows and the entrance are adorned with white wooden label	label	NOUN	moldings	NOUN	 moldings
In 2001, Railtrack announced that, due to its own financial problems, it would not undertake to purchase	purchase	VERB	section	NOUN	 section
Chesma was turned over to the Sevastopol port authorities before being stricken on 14 August 1907. Before she was	was	AUX	fully	ADV	 fully
The draw had determined that United would play the first leg at home, and after Rooney, Tevez and	and	CCONJ	Ronaldo	PROPN	 Ronaldo
Between 80 and 100 allusions to the Beatles ' story, music and lyrics in the video have been estimated	estimated	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
To pass the time, he read newspapers to stay up to date with the Canadiens as they finished the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Zinc oxide nanorod sensors are devices detecting changes in electric current passing through zinc oxide nanowires due to adsorption of	of	ADP	gas	NOUN	 gas
He had been told to expect at 6: 58: 20 Eastern Time a network announcement for Heidi,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
Making and maintaining friendships often proves to be difficult for those with autism. For them, the quality of	of	ADP	friendships	NOUN	 friendships
The IIHF countered by threatening to withdraw hockey from the Games if the AHA were banned. The IOC suggested	suggested	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It suffered severe pollution and human interference that has diminished the natural order of life in and around the river	river	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another lookalike is Lactarius thiersii, but it has a smaller cap and stem and has mild tasting flesh and	and	CCONJ	latex	NOUN	 latex
Produced by Allen's manager, Charles H. Joffe, the film stars the director as Alvy " Max "	"	PUNCT	Singer	PROPN	 Singer
The popularity of the daytime series led to a nightly syndicated edition being developed; that series premiered on September	September	PROPN	19	NUM	 19
Opener Len Hutton was dropped by Hassett on 25, after flicking the ball behind square leg from Loxton ’	’	PUNCT	s	PART	 s
The system formed on February 11, and moved generally towards the south throughout its life. Vaianu ultimately peaked	peaked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Pedro mounted his bay mare and, in front of his entourage and his Guard of Honor, said	said	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
American artist Jeff Koons submitted a proposal to erect a permanent 150 foot (46 m) sculpture of a	a	DET	playground	NOUN	 playground
The spore print is white. Edibility is unknown for this fungus. Spores are thin walled, smooth,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He considered that Moreno's animosity was rooted in the aforementioned mutiny of Álzaga, as Moreno took part in	in	ADP	it	PRON	 it
At least one extrasolar planet, HD 189733 b, has been claimed to have such a weather system,	,	PUNCT	similar	ADJ	 similar
As was customary, she would have remained in her father's household where her husband would have visited her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Levesque was named Executive Vice President, Talent and Live events in 2011. In this role he oversees the	the	DET	talent	NOUN	 talent
As part of this role, KDOT surveys traffic on Kansas highways in terms of average annual daily traffic (	(	PUNCT	AADT	PROPN	AADT
IGN's Ramsey Isler called the victims ' method of death in " Immortality " " one of the nastiest	nastiest	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
An attorney for 20th Century Fox said that the studio would seek an order to delay the release of Watchmen	Watchmen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Things got progressively better for the Volunteers after Manning assumed the starting role, as they won six of their	their	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
This article won the journal's second annual Postgraduate Essay Prize, and formed the basis of the third chapter	chapter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Some traditional animation on scraps of brown paper are intermixed into the stop motion. Tibbitt said that the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The song is an acoustic ballad in a folk music style, beginning with one guitar and a lead vocal	vocal	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The 2,599 man garrison of Namur under Johann Dominik von Moitelle surrendered on 2 December to Valence and Harville after	after	ADP	a	DET	 a
Women were also allowed to join the armed forces in a non combatant role and by the end of the	the	DET	War	PROPN	 War
He summarized the content of the lyrics, writing " [i] t starts in the past, at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
It had four towers and a gatehouse tower along the walls, with a ditch dug out of the rock	rock	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
On February 14, 2015 (Valentine's Day, or 2 / 14; her USWNT jersey number is	is	AUX	2	NUM	 2
In January 2010, 250 martins were seen at a new location in Bakoumba, and single birds were observed	observed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In June 1984, at the Grand Theatre, Leeds, the Delius Trust sponsored a commemorative production of A	A	DET	Village	PROPN	 Village
With a theme of role reversal, it is conceptually similar to the American comedy film Freaky Friday (1976	1976	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Regina Elena had a crew of 742 – 764 officers and enlisted men. As built, the ship was	was	AUX	armed	VERB	 armed
The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning early on June 19. Following the storm's intensification that	that	DET	day	NOUN	 day
It was on Moscow Radio, on 2 June 1945, that the first accusation directly against Pius XII of	of	ADP	refusing	VERB	 refusing
Nelson gave chase, but after arriving in the Caribbean, spent June in a fruitless search for the fleet	fleet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dunmore sent 25 men of the 14th Foot to the bridge, where they erected a small stockade fort they	they	PRON	called	VERB	 called
The Bayou Music Center stages live concerts, stage plays, and stand up comedy. Space Center Houston is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Joe Copplestone from PopMatters noted that songs on the album such as " Night of Your Life " and "	"	PUNCT	Titanium	NOUN	 Titanium
By the time he was AMC chief, he presided over the Detroit Stake, which included not only all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Horner had written Spock's theme to give the character more dimension: " By putting a theme over Spock	Spock	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Stagg then moved on to coach at the College of the Pacific. Athletic director T. Nelson Metcalf hired Shaughnessy	Shaughnessy	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The song, with Quincy Jones as its producer, won a Grammy for Best Recording for Children for 1983	1983	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In early July 2005, a Real Canadian Superstore in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada, accidentally sold fourteen	fourteen	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
Aside from the second round which went through seven games against the Phoenix Suns, the Rockets easily beat their	their	PRON	Western	PROPN	 Western
The album's lead single, " Can't Get You Out of My Head ", became the biggest	biggest	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
He caught a train for New York, and when he arrived on 28 April 1918, he found his	his	PRON	division	NOUN	 division
Head and body length is 94 to 119 mm (3.7 to 4.7 in) and body mass is 24	24	NUM	to	PART	 to
The company also sought a variety of other markets, including developing countries such as Mexico and China for its	its	PRON	Trilogue	PROPN	 Trilogue
No political clauses were included. Around 17: 00 Prądzyński and Berg arrived in Warsaw, where Krukowiecki generally	generally	ADV	agreed	VERB	 agreed
The Norwegians surrendered an hour later, and the German ships landed their soldiers. Karlsruhe then left Kristiansand with	with	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Zinta's final release of 2003 was Kal Ho Naa Ho, a tear jerking romantic drama set in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
It was claimed that on one occasion he was asked to provide the horoscope of a newborn child, but	but	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
They suspect several inmates, including the assassin Ryōken Hōinbō, but it turns out that prison warden Marī Miwa	Miwa	PROPN	killed	VERB	 killed
The Croatian forces also captured some Serbian prisoners, and the two sides agreed to several prisoner exchanges; most	most	ADJ	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
" In one of the few generally positive reviews, Eric Mink of the Daily News praised the South Park	Park	PROPN	universe	NOUN	 universe
The 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards again saw Barclay nominated for the " Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series " award	award	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Governor Beshear acknowledged that Kentucky would recognize the licenses being issued, but he could not verify the legality of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
From 1892 through 1908, the school was named the Auburn Female Institute, providing collegiate programs equivalent to an	an	DET	associates	NOUN	 associates
" Cope was well aware of his enemies and was carefree enough to name a species after a combination of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
His intention was, he claimed, " to formulate something whose motivations can barely be comprehended, and [	[	PRON	which	PRON	which
The Province staffs a government agent office in Chetwynd for access to licenses, permits, and government programs.	.	PUNCT	Through	ADP	 Through
Promotion was secured in comfortable fashion, as they finished as runners up to runaway champions York City, ten	ten	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
His dissatisfaction became a recurring theme throughout his career; he often felt that the quality of performance of his	his	PRON	material	NOUN	 material
In 1763, there was a revolt in Gaza against the Ottomans. Then, in November 1770, Ali	Ali	PROPN	Bey	PROPN	 Bey
The Indianapolis Museum of Art has a permanent collection of over 54,000 works that represent cultures from around the world	world	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In RJ67, Hubbard then alludes to the devastating effect of Xenu's genocide: And it is very true	true	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Additional damage and one fatality occurred in Okinawa Prefecture in Japan, where at least ¥ 890 million yen (	(	PUNCT	JPY	PROPN	JPY
In her two individual events, she finished seventh in the 50 meter freestyle and eighth in the 100 meter	meter	NOUN	freestyle	NOUN	 freestyle
Jovovich had opted to perform in smaller and more intimate settings, turning down a musical appearance on Saturday Night	Night	PROPN	Live	PROPN	 Live
The entire Mercedes team travelled to London for his burial. In the rest of the season, Caracciola won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
Von Neumann's hydrogen bomb work was played out in the realm of computing, where he and Stanislaw Ulam	Ulam	PROPN	developed	VERB	 developed
He continued inland, travelling northeast through Phyrgia before turning southeast toward Cilicia. After passing the Cilician Gates in	in	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
" He was nicknamed " Automatic Otto " for his consistency and toughness. With Graham at the helm,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He wrote to his brother's commanding officer, Sholto Douglas asking for any news but understanding the Major's	's	PART	attention	NOUN	 attention
" His musical composition piece " Gothic Power " was used in trailers for The Lord of the Rings film	film	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
One day, seven years after arriving in Borneo, Oerip returned from patrol to find his home had been	been	AUX	burned	VERB	 burned
McCool eliminated Hall, and also took her revenge on Ashley by eliminating her, but Kristal was declared the	the	DET	winner	NOUN	 winner
She escaped to France with her family. The mansion where Lalaurie lived is a landmark in the French Quarter	Quarter	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There are several privately produced schematics which are available online or in published form, such as those by Hagstrom	Hagstrom	PROPN	Map	PROPN	 Map
He led all National League players in All Star balloting, with an NL record 5.93 million votes, as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
This more than doubled the next day, and less than a week later it had over 900,000 total views	views	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By 1830, Sherwood's works had drifted away from evangelicalism and her novels and stories reflected more conventional Victorian	Victorian	ADJ	plots	NOUN	 plots
The squadron patrolled the area between Alexandria, the Aegean Sea and the central Mediterranean from 27 to 30 June	June	PROPN	1940	NUM	 1940
1280 – 1305) was a Bulgarian noble of the 13th – 14th century. A member of the Terter	Terter	PROPN	dynasty	NOUN	 dynasty
Captain Ray made detailed plans involving exacting preparations for a movement of major strategic importance and of the most hazardous	hazardous	ADJ	nature	NOUN	 nature
Opeth has sold over 1.5 million albums and DVDs worldwide, including 300,000 collective SoundScans of their albums Blackwater Park	Park	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In certain regards, Bhattacharyya notes, Shaktism has so infused mainstream Hinduism that it has " ceased to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The class was originally numbered 106, but NSB changed the numbering system in 1956, and the class was	was	AUX	renumbered	VERB	 renumbered
Darius spent the winter of 516 515 BCE in Gandhara, preparing to conquer the Indus Valley. Darius conquered	conquered	VERB	the	DET	 the
He returned to 1953 with an aging national team in decline and despite the loss of the Ashes, commentators	commentators	NOUN	felt	VERB	 felt
During the off season, Canucks centre Ryan Kesler underwent hip surgery, sidelining him for the start of the	the	DET	2011	NUM	 2011
The JNA barracks in Našice surrendered on 21 September. The JNA Varaždin Corps surrendered the next day, providing	providing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Foals are born with brown and white striping, with the brown stripes darkening as they grow older. Embryological	Embryological	ADJ	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
All gardens in the lake periphery and houseboats anchored in the lake are approachable through shikaras. The boats are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
The early courtyard was later divided into several smaller patios. The last phase of construction at the Palace dates	dates	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Moreover, people can only be guided by the law if judges apply it correctly. Natural justice must be	be	AUX	adhered	VERB	 adhered
" Furthermore, the king could no longer go to war without the consent of the baronage, nor could	could	AUX	he	PRON	 he
These features do not allow complete digestion of lignified growth. Individuals may often move into new locations foraging for	for	ADP	fresh	ADJ	 fresh
After a lengthy debate, the fledgling colonial government decided to take over its operation. Rather than disappearing like	like	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He called a boycott of the ARU against handling trains with Pullman cars, in what became the nationwide Pullman	Pullman	PROPN	Strike	PROPN	 Strike
The bus routes are divided into three types of service, numbered according to destination: frequent bus rapid transit	transit	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The synagogue was built in 1890. Its architecture is typical of the region, with a square shape and	and	CCONJ	discreet	VERB	 discreet
Fluor Corporation's predecessor, Rudolph Fluor & Brother, was founded in 1890 by John Simon Fluor and his	his	PRON	two	NUM	 two
The state expressed similar sentiments in 1949, deeming the stretch unsafe for commercial traffic. By the 1960s,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The X Men films were well received by fans of the comic books, but there was criticism of the	the	DET	large	ADJ	 large
The historical period for Giselle is not indicated in the story. Paul Lormier, the chief costume designer at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
His religious education was wholly Anglican. At age 10 George took part in a family production of Joseph Addison	Addison	PROPN	's	PART	's
Cassidy's arrangement of " Over the Rainbow " is a popular cover choice by singing competition contestants, with	with	ADP	American	PROPN	 American
The Giants appeared to have a bright future coming off their 1986 championship season as they were one of the	the	DET	younger	ADJ	 younger
His wife's new lover was represented in the episode " The Big Finish? " by the character Brian	Brian	PROPN	Magboy	PROPN	 Magboy
Paton spent the last twenty years of his life in retirement in Jersey in the Channel Islands. In his	his	PRON	working	VERB	 working
By extortionate taxation, it was claimed, Henry had impoverished the land. He had also infringed the liberties	liberties	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was announced that he had a recovery period of about 12 months and would be out for the season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It also became Anggun's first French single to chart on the Swiss Singles Chart, peaking at number 58	58	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
On 10 May 2016, an explosion near Damascus International Airport killed top military commander Mustafa Badreddine. Lebanese media	media	NOUN	sources	NOUN	 sources
In 1938 architect Claude Bragdon reminisced of the excitement he felt when he saw Little Nemo, saying he "	"	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
It is the group's 23rd overall release. Mike E. Clark produced much of Insane Clown Posse's discography	discography	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He finished his career at South Philadelphia High with 1,186 points. He was on the All State Second Team	Team	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A number of progressive bands released singles that became pop hits. The genre has always had its greatest appeal	appeal	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He also recommended the anarchist literature especially Kropotkin's writings rather than Marx's works, which were most influential	influential	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
There is a lesson here for ambitious system architects: the most dangerous enemy of a better solution is an	an	DET	existing	VERB	 existing
Bolton also defeated top division opposition in the form of Everton (3 – 2) and Aston Villa (	(	PUNCT	1	NUM	1
Jack and Joshamee Gibbs discover Barbossa has stolen the Black Pearl again, but Jack planned ahead and cut out	out	ADP	Sao	PROPN	 Sao
Zenithia, also called Zenith Castle, Zenith, or Tenkū jō (天空城, " Heaven Castle ")	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Their first project was to facilitate the development of a video game by throwing a women only game design contest	contest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Crawford, who played as an amateur but was not independently wealthy, received an increased expenses allowance during 1908	1908	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
George Stephanopoulos, the transition communications director, said that " President elect Clinton has complete confidence in Zoë Baird	Baird	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Dorothy gains control of the Flying Monkeys by giving back the group's Magic Biker Cap to Sal Minella.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Shackleton's original intention was to sail down to Cape Town, visiting the main South Atlantic islands on the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
In 1920, a Bund Deutscher Tabakgegner in der Tschechoslowakei (Federation of German Tobacco Opponents in Czechoslovakia) was	was	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
Because of the difficulties of navigating past the mill pools, the Conservators of the River Tone decided to buy	buy	VERB	the	DET	 the
The first post war project on MD 24 was the reconstruction of the highway from Norris Corner to Van Bibber	Bibber	PROPN	starting	VERB	 starting
The conclusion of Crisis on Infinite Earths changed DC Universe continuity in many ways. Following the reboot, Barbara	Barbara	PROPN	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
The upper basin generally receives snow and rain during the winter and early spring, while precipitation in the lower	lower	ADJ	basin	NOUN	 basin
If the item did not sell, the scrip had no value. Also in downtown was the Bank of	of	ADP	Monte	PROPN	 Monte
He recruited a mix of Iroquois and Loyalists estimated to number between two and three hundred by the time he	he	PRON	began	VERB	 began
A colleague, recognising that the young man had talent but lacked technique, recommended him to the Royal Academy	Academy	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Teach rallied his men and the two groups fought across the deck, which was already slick with blood from	from	ADP	those	PRON	 those
The group check each other for black nodules and find none, although Mulder reminds Scully that the nodules disappeared	disappeared	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Duchovny's audition was " terrific ", though he talked rather slowly. While the casting director of the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
By the time the team departed for Australia in late March they had played 74 matches in Britain, but	but	CCONJ	due	ADP	 due
In addition, they directed some skepticism towards the reuse of scenes and characters, with critical opinion divided on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Magliocco calls Aradia " the first real text of the 20th century Witchcraft revival ", and it is	is	AUX	repeatedly	ADV	 repeatedly
However, the Ministry of Defence announced in March 2007 that this so called " Fix to Field " programme	programme	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
When the Company relayed this idea south, the South Africans said they were happy to take the Southern Rhodesians	Rhodesians	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The abandoned hulk of Yūdachi was sunk by Portland, whose guns were still functioning despite other damage to the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
This was due to the Article granting the police force right of access to private property, under the reason	reason	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Escher's artistic expression was created from images in his mind, rather than directly from observations and travels to	to	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Francis, who held the title of " Most Christian King ", also agreed to persuade Henry to relinquish	relinquish	VERB	the	DET	 the
, in 1988. Shinehead's own appearance on the album bolstered his mainstream exposure as he was receiving American	American	ADJ	radio	NOUN	 radio
He thought the script for Numb3rs was " kinda cool ". However, he decided to audition for the	the	DET	part	NOUN	 part
While Hillenburg, Derek Drymon, and Tim Hill were writing the pilot " Help Wanted ", Hillenburg was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
She encouraged and supported his entry into local politics and was to be his constant companion, helper and trusted	trusted	VERB	colleague	NOUN	 colleague
Along this stretch, NY 143 has an intersection with County Route 26 (CR 26, named Larry Hill	Hill	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Walker was born in Syracuse, New York, and was a high school football All American for Henninger High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
Ian Sharp, one of Lennon's art school friends, once made a sarcastic remark about Epstein, saying	saying	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In the 1938 – 39 season, the last year of football before the Second World War, the club	club	NOUN	finished	VERB	 finished
Past this point, NY 26 and NY 41 head due north along the river's west bank into the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
The Game Informer reviewer hoped to see a more effective implementation of.hack's concept in the future. Japanese magazine	magazine	NOUN	Famitsu	PROPN	 Famitsu
Platonic psychology with its divisions of reason, spirit and appetite, also bears resemblance to the three gunas in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Also, of course, the League, lacking its own army, could not coerce any state to adhere	adhere	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A review of the video also commented " Ms. Spears gives us her best Janet Jackson impression (“ Miss	Miss	PROPN	You	PRON	 You
Afterwards he took contact with County Governor Olav Oksvik and the two started working towards implementing the plans. Along	Along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
The idea was first posed by Mark Hammerstone of Palmer Township, a decanter collector who approached Schultz with the	the	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
But in the tiny micro world of EastEnders, even the three mile odyssey from Walford to the West End	End	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This region formed a part of the K ' iche ' kingdom, and a K ' iche ' army	army	NOUN	tried	VERB	 tried
Musial also had the benefit of learning about baseball from his neighbor Joe Barbao, a former minor league pitcher	pitcher	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Jay Z expands on the album's overarching theme of self doubt: " And since no good deed	deed	NOUN	go	VERB	 go
Alternatively, using a type III secretion system, they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell,	,	PUNCT	providing	VERB	 providing
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) are scattered, similar to the cheilocystidia in form and size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While the scientific community had long known of Marsh and Cope's rivalry, the public became aware of the	the	DET	shameful	ADJ	 shameful
Other iron from the castle was sent to build siege engines in Hereford. The manufacturing capability of St Briavels	Briavels	PROPN	Castle	PROPN	 Castle
Following peak intensity, the storm's broad wind field and slow forward motion led to significant ocean upwelling.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
While working on " The Card Cheat ", the band recorded each part twice to create a " sound	sound	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
Transferred to the Grand Fleet afterwards she damaged the German battlecruiser Lützow during the Battle of Jutland and watched Invincible	Invincible	ADJ	explode	NOUN	 explode
In 1997, the age distribution of Bethlehem's inhabitants was 27.4% under the age of 10, 20	20	NUM	%	NOUN	%
For other countries, the percentage of GDP may be even higher, such as the United Kingdom, where	where	SCONJ	is	AUX	 is
In July 1941 Japan sent troops to southern Indochina, thus threatening British and Dutch possessions in the Far East	East	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Shute was preparing to return to Massachusetts in 1727 when King George I died. King George II chose to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
Though the original text has been lost, a reference in Archimedes ' book The Sand Reckoner describes Aristarchus's	's	PART	heliocentric	ADJ	 heliocentric
While Blackbeard quietly returned to Topsail Inlet, Bonnet stayed in Bath to get a " clearance " to take	take	VERB	the	DET	 the
Earned his first bar to the Military Medal at the bloody Battle of Passchendaele. His second bar to the	the	DET	Military	PROPN	 Military
The state highway curves east again at an intersection with its old alignment, Postal Road, in Chester shortly	shortly	ADV	before	ADP	 before
In the first round of the tournament, they defeated the number ten seed Providence 92 – 79 making a	a	DET	Big	PROPN	 Big
At the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Lee was exposed to toxic doses of radiation, which caused a degenerative	degenerative	ADJ	nerve	NOUN	 nerve
Under the Public Health Act 1848 the area of the poor law union became Glendale Rural Sanitary District, which	which	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Following an unauthorized internet leak, the accompanying music video was officially released on 20 September 2012, four days	days	NOUN	earlier	ADV	 earlier
Her anti aircraft batteries opened up immediately but failed to hit the intruder. On the morning of 8 June	June	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gaudí's work is normally classed as modernista, and it belongs to this movement because of its eagerness to	to	PART	renovate	VERB	 renovate
However, the remake was officially canceled in July 2015. Since 2009, there has been a Dirty Dancing	Dancing	PROPN	Festival	PROPN	 Festival
Malaria was eliminated from most parts of the USA in the early 20th century by such methods, and the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
Along the journey the train stopped because of air raids throughout the day and night. The German guards made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The first incarnation of the character was the one created by the first human host to the symbiote, Eddie	Eddie	PROPN	Brock	PROPN	 Brock
Sarah was seen as the driving force behind this bill, creating further ill feeling towards her at court.	.	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
" Washington, in a review for Otaku USA, commended that it " is entertaining overall " and has	has	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
By 1995, the show had won two Peabody Awards and four Parents ' Choice Awards. In addition,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Spring Creek is a southeast flowing, 9 mile (14 km) long tributary of the Sacramento River,	,	PUNCT	receiving	VERB	 receiving
" American paddlefish are filter feeding pelagic fish that require large, free flowing rivers with braided channels, backwater	backwater	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
These techniques for sequencing DNA generate shorter fragments than Sanger sequencing; Ion Torrent PGM System and 454 pyrosequencing typically	typically	ADV	produces	VERB	 produces
At Cyber Sunday, The Miz was voted online by fans to challenge Punk for the ECW Title, though	though	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
O'Reilly said Lindwall was playing in the same manner as when he made his maiden Test century in the last	last	ADJ	Ashes	PROPN	 Ashes
The skin is used to make leather products, the liver oil for vitamins, and the fins for shark	shark	PROPN	fin	PROPN	 fin
High concentrations of oxygen also increase the formation of other free radicals, such as nitric oxide, peroxynitrite,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On August 7, 2012, a pre recorded album titled Begin was released in the United States. The	The	DET	album	NOUN	 album
For this project he was assisted by his aides Domènec Sugrañes, Joan Rubió and Josep Canaleta. The facade	facade	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Two of them were shot down during the attack. While returning to Japan, Vice Admiral Chūichi Nagumo,	,	PUNCT	commander	NOUN	 commander
" It was also reported that of the 50 million viewers who watch it every month, 20 million are	are	AUX	adults	NOUN	 adults
Black Sabbath placed at number 73 on their top list. Boris Karloff enjoyed working with Bava on Black Sabbath	Sabbath	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In March of that year, Murray wrote to Commissioner Richard Alton Graham that the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
The move raised Hussein's suspicions and prompted him to order Abu Nuwar to withdraw the unit, which he	he	PRON	did	VERB	 did
However, by this point in time, the aircraft was no longer earmarked for conversion into the SCNA role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lewisville paid the company $15,000 to come to the city, with a promise of another $5,000 on	on	ADP	completion	NOUN	 completion
Warwick Castle was recognised as Britain's best castle by the Good Britain Guide 2003. Around this time it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The state of Florida stockpiled food for those affected by the storm, establishing depots in West Palm Beach,	,	PUNCT	Miami	PROPN	 Miami
Paesano estimated that each episode has around 25 – 30 minutes of music in it. In approaching the series	series	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Route 287, after the split with Route 6, heads to the northeast, entering the community of Wellsboro	Wellsboro	PROPN	Junction	PROPN	 Junction
Outraged, Danny pummels Maxie for the betrayal and helps Ronnie escape him. Maxie sends his henchmen after Danny	Danny	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" The final chapters 25, 26 and 27 turn to the insects. Chapter 25 looks at caterpillars,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Radio services come from Radio Entreolas, Radio Atardecer, Radio Somos Pichilemu (directed by former Mayor Jorge Vargas	Vargas	PROPN	González	PROPN	 González
With Buc starting cornerback Rod Jones injured, Lomax exploited Bobby Futrell throughout the game. Stump Mitchell rushed for	for	ADP	101	NUM	 101
More roads were built with Congressional appropriations in the 1820s and 1830s connecting Detroit to Port Huron, Saginaw,	,	PUNCT	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
In late 1944, the Australian Government committed twelve Australian Army brigades to replace six US Army divisions which were	were	AUX	conducting	VERB	 conducting
New wave, present in some of No Doubt's later work, continues to be incorporated into Love.	.	PUNCT	Angel	PROPN	 Angel
Zack appears as a young man with spiky black hair, standing 6 feet 3 inches (191 cm)	)	PUNCT	tall	ADJ	 tall
The shows received positive reviews from music critics. Reviewers were impressed by Gaga's vocals, the choreography,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The tests compared the relative merits of the FN 5.7 × 28 mm cartridge and the HK 4.6 × 30	30	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
He held that the book's literary merit was irrelevant because a well written obscene book was even more harmful	harmful	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Scott D. Pierce of the Deseret News dubbed Kim " a teenage Powerpuff Girl ", while Betsy Wallace of	of	ADP	Common	PROPN	 Common
The cheetah has been classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN; it is listed under Appendix I of the Convention	Convention	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Roger Ebert gave a mixed review. " Preston Tucker lacks an ounce of common sense or any notion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Universities, government agencies such as the National Severe Storms Laboratory, private sector meteorologists, and the National Center	Center	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Flight Data Recorder (FDR) information recovered after the crash and released by Brazilian authorities showed that immediately prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Presto spent millions of U.S. dollars developing the game, using the studio's entire staff to complete the project	project	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 27 February of the following year, Chrisye and Yanti had twin sons, Randa Pramasha and Rayinda Prashatya	Prashatya	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In India, a solution was proffered by means of a more holistic approach to the constitutional promise of equality	equality	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time of Bajana's arrival in the Somerset team, the county were struggling to compete in the	the	DET	County	PROPN	 County
Chris sees through the ruse and tells April she can go back, but that remaining his assistant may provide	provide	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In May 1955, Eastwood put four hours ' work into the film Never Say Goodbye and had a minor	minor	ADJ	uncredited	ADJ	 uncredited
Through the various games played and hardships endured, Gawain finds his place within the Christian world. Feminist literary	literary	ADJ	critics	NOUN	 critics
Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger said it was " another strong one ", and said the Leslie character	character	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Many have analyzed Attack on Titan as representing " the hopelessness felt by young people in today's society.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
However, Warren repeatedly stated that she had no intention of running for president. Warren remained neutral in the	the	DET	2016	NUM	 2016
Jens Haugland noted the scheme of Trasti and Meisdalshagen in his diary, and that this caused Bratteli to keep	keep	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
A reviewer in The Musical Times commented on potential difficulties in assembling the wholly amateur chorus for performances beyond daily	daily	ADJ	travelling	VERB	 travelling
A third hallway can be added to the wing which will add 60 beds, and the maternity ward can	can	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The macaroni penguin's predators consist of birds and aquatic mammals. The leopard seal (Hydrurga leptonyx),	,	PUNCT	Antarctic	ADJ	 Antarctic
After the casting of stones, animals are slaughtered to commemorate the story of Abraham and Ishmael. Traditionally the	the	DET	pilgrims	NOUN	 pilgrims
Female hyenas are more flexible than males in their social bonding preferences. The higher ranking adult spotted hyenas tend	tend	VERB	to	PART	 to
He told King Brian all that he had learned, took baptism, and gathered his men to come to	to	ADP	Dublin	PROPN	 Dublin
With GTA, we always had the excuse that the gameplay was untethered — you never had to hurt anybody	anybody	PRON	that	PRON	 that
But they get into trouble at the The Android's Dungeon when, after talking Martin Prince's mom out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
His running speed and " health " (the amount of damage that he can endure before dying) decrease	decrease	VERB	every	DET	 every
They advanced quickly along the main road protected by flank guards; the 36th Jacob's Horse, 11th Cavalry	Cavalry	PROPN	Brigade	PROPN	 Brigade
In 1962 the Esalen Institute was established in Big Sur, California. It was from Esalen and other similar	similar	ADJ	personal	ADJ	 personal
The latter was taken from Avatar ($42.0 million). The opening weekend record, when including previews	previews	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This gene centric approach emphasizes the functional complement of the community as a whole rather than taxonomic groups, and	and	CCONJ	shows	VERB	 shows
The ship departed on 1 September to refuel, but did not return to the Shanghai area. Accompanied by	by	ADP	Ryūjō	PROPN	 Ryūjō
Though the Phillies batted.182 as a team in the series, Bancroft batted.294. Bancroft batted third in the Phillies	Phillies	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In fact, although English fishermen had begun setting up seasonal camps in Newfoundland in the 16th Century, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Divya Parameshwaran was appreciated in her debut role, while Pooja Chopra was credited as being " attractive too,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 18.3 knots (33.9 km / h; 21.1 mph) and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
US military commanders believed the war in Korea was over, and had ordered a number of other carriers out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
There is, however, a small segment of Churches of Christ who oppose the " located minister " concept	concept	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Los Angeles Times writer Soren Baker complimented OutKast's " intelligent hip hop " and commented that " musically	musically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Forty three and Seven: A Short Illustrated History of the First Fifty Years of Teacher Education in Armidale:	:	PUNCT	Armidale	PROPN	 Armidale
Budgets were really tiny, and we shot for ten days and brought the film in for about 8,000 pounds	pounds	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He mentioned that he loved the show. " Upon his approval, Greiner contacted creator Ellin, who agreed	agreed	VERB	to	PART	 to
They are part of the story of African Americans in Los Angeles, and the story of Los Angeles itself	itself	PRON	writ	VERB	 writ
Realistic humanoid automatons were built by craftsman from every civilization, including Yan Shi, Hero of Alexandria, Al	Al	PROPN	Jazari	PROPN	 Jazari
This is the highest heraldic office in England; Garter is chairman of the Chapter of the College of Arms	Arms	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Both singles reached the top 10 of the Swedish singles chart, while the album, which was released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He became convinced that " the Die was cast, the Rubicon crossed. " Thomas Paine in Philadelphia had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
In this condition, he acts to " create an international web that will [access] the ins and	and	CCONJ	outs	NOUN	 outs
Though the position of the Church of Scotland was " unalterably " secured, the Universities (Scotland) Act	Act	PROPN	1853	NUM	 1853
For Minority Report however, his entry was delayed due to his work on Star Wars: Episode II –	–	PUNCT	Attack	PROPN	 Attack
Together, Lenore and Mitt visited all 83 Michigan counties. George was in Washington most of the time and	and	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
Laura departs for England, while John stays on to complete the restoration. Under the assumption that Laura is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Initially, over 2,000,000 acres (8,100 km2) of the California and southwestern coast of Oregon were old growth	growth	NOUN	redwood	NOUN	 redwood
Her name is a play on the two popular automobile brands, the Jordan Motor Car Company and the Baker	Baker	PROPN	Motor	PROPN	 Motor
It then massed with several combat engineers and other division elements to form Task Force Rogers. The task force	force	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
According to Juan Cruz, a former master of ceremonies at the Salon Rosado Benny Moré nightclub in Havana,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The theatre opened with 660 seats and the largest live performance stage in a cinema west of Winnipeg. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
This language permitted the Scots to believe that their ideas would be adopted, while the English could interpret it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
It's this type of diversity in fighting that makes her attractive to players. " Retro Gamer opined "	"	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
They advanced through September and October, taking a few weeks for rest after the formation of Second United States	States	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
The Allentown service plaza was rebuilt between September 2007 and May 2008 while the Hickory Run service plaza was rebuilt	rebuilt	VERB	between	ADP	 between
The road continues through wooded areas alongside the river before it curves northwest away from it and reaches the community	community	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lukas then shipped Oxbow to Saratoga to prepare him to run in the Grade I, $1 million Haskell	Haskell	PROPN	Invitational	PROPN	 Invitational
VanDerWerff praised the " nice sense of visual spectacle ", and Hankinson called it " really fantastic " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Most houses in the area date to the pre 20th century; however in recent times numerous farm buildings have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Fluorine's first ionization energy is third highest among all elements, behind helium and neon, which complicates the	the	DET	removal	NOUN	 removal
In Red Dead Redemption, players mainly control former outlaw John Marston as he sets out to bring his former	former	ADJ	gang	NOUN	 gang
Typical seating capacity is 96 passengers in the motor cars and 112 passengers in the end cars. The class	class	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
That same year, the first KC 135 Stratotanker, christened the " Aroostook Queen ", arrived at Loring	Loring	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" The USA Today story was also titled " How many trees did your iPhone bill kill? " According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On the other hand, the queen ant treats the P. rebeli larvae and pupae as if they were rivals	rivals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
RAAF aircrew training expanded dramatically following the outbreak of World War II, in response to Australia's participation in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gille decided that his proposed ship would need a top speed of 28 to 29 kn (52 to 54	54	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
All four versions were marketed to distinct types of audiences thereby assuring its place as a pop song. Johnny	Johnny	PROPN	Cash	PROPN	 Cash
The scene then cuts to Kermit the Frog, who has been badly beaten, with Fozzie Bear approaching him	him	PRON	about	ADP	 about
Leigh's mother abandoned her efforts to have the case re opened in 1997, citing " exhaustion and survival	survival	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In the " red reality ", Efrem is his newly promoted partner, while Isaiah has been transferred to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the time of its completion, Central Park was the tallest core stiffened building in Australia. The core	core	NOUN	stiffening	VERB	 stiffening
He also scored Revenant Wings, though it primarily consisted of arrangements of his previous work and has not been	been	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Transport of cylinders with a combined weight of less than 1000 pounds requires a manifest, the cylinders must have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The 767 was the first Boeing wide body to be designed with a two crew digital glass cockpit. Cathode	Cathode	NOUN	ray	NOUN	 ray
The character is portrayed as ill tempered, pretentious, and cynical who strongly despises his neighbors for their constant	constant	ADJ	boisterous	ADJ	 boisterous
In early August 2007, upon rumors of Jorja Fox leaving the show, a grassroots campaign started. Thousands	Thousands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the 2003 tournament, England came top of their pool. They progressed to the final beating Wales and	and	CCONJ	France	PROPN	 France
Three main sewers ran from Putney, Wandsworth and Norwood until they linked together in Deptford. At that point	point	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Mark Corwin, who had served as associate director under Carson, took over for him upon his retirement at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Along with musicians	musicians	NOUN	D	NOUN	 D
By the 1990s the Pont du Gard had become a hugely popular tourist attraction but was congested with traffic –	–	PUNCT	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
Raised in Colorado, Marostica is an Army veteran, former high school teacher, and most recently a prominent	prominent	ADJ	real	ADJ	 real
Furthermore, seven shelters were opened as a precaution. Due to the threat of high waves, residents were	were	AUX	warned	VERB	 warned
The Thanet United era saw a run of generally mediocre seasons in the Southern League Southern Division, with financial	financial	ADJ	problems	NOUN	 problems
Hornig's comment was probably intended as a criticism of Raymond Palmer's editorial approach at Amazing Stories and Fantastic	Fantastic	PROPN	Adventures	PROPN	 Adventures
Hurricane Emily was the costliest storm of the season, causing $80.3 million in damage (1987 USD)	)	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The University of Miami, which tied the Hokies, was ineligible for post season play due to sanctions imposed	imposed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
About 10 hours before landfall, the National Hurricane Center issued another tropical storm warning from Titusville, Florida to	to	ADP	Brunswick	PROPN	 Brunswick
In July 2006, she started working with Danja, who contacted songwriters such as Keri Hilson, Jim Beanz	Beanz	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He served as a Boer General during the Boer War, a British General during the First World War and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
" Direct Action and Democratic Values, " Dissent, vol. 13, no. 1, whole no	no	NOUN	.	PROPN	.
American paddlefish begin their upstream spawning migration sometime during early spring; some begin in late fall. They spawn	spawn	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sources disagree on the house's initial construction date, and no records survive of its construction. There is	is	VERB	some	DET	 some
When the race started, I didn't think we were quite as good as we were yesterday (in	in	ADP	practice	NOUN	 practice
Barrow then bought the Paterson Silk Weavers of the Class A Atlantic League, managing them for the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In what follows the dates are as given in the Chronicle, although as noted above, these are earlier	earlier	ADJ	than	SCONJ	 than
Emil's character was derived from a female character named Halua, while Kainé was originally a far more feminine	feminine	ADJ	type	NOUN	 type
Continuing to pull away, Cambridge passed the finishing post 21 seconds and seven lengths ahead of Oxford. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The battleship HMS Warspite and nine destroyers duly appeared on 13 April, although earlier than Commander Bey had expected	expected	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Babylonian king Nabonidus, who was defeated and deposed by Cyrus, is denounced as an impious oppressor of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The secondary armament of the Peresvet class ships consisted of eleven 45 caliber, 6 inch Canet Model 1891 quick	quick	ADJ	firing	NOUN	 firing
These are laid in single straight strands on rocks, corals, aquatic plants, submerged branches and other surfaces	surfaces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The fingers are about one third webbed, and the toes nearly three quarters webbed. The dorsal color depends	depends	VERB	on	ADP	 on
A dark room is spooky, but add a creaking floorboard and rats skittering in the walls and it becomes	becomes	VERB	really	ADV	 really
However, both of the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions of China have their own special flags.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ethnic tensions increased with these threats and with mass migration of people back to their traditional ethnic territories. Many	Many	ADJ	inside	ADP	 inside
On 8 April 2007 Sony Pictures Home Entertainment release a Blu ray version. The Portuguese title of the film	film	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The character was composed of construction paper cutouts and animated using stop motion. When asked three years later by	by	ADP	friend	NOUN	 friend
According to Jocelyn Vena of MTV, Spears portrays " a melancholy movie star who wants nothing more than to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
Former Church members have said that conditions in the Hole worsened in 2006 after several executives had escaped. Security	Security	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Tassi criticized Rocksteady for promising a new character and insisting the identity " would shock and amaze us all	all	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
On Day 56, HouseGuests competed in the " Morphomatic " Power of Veto competition. For this competition,	,	PUNCT	HouseGuests	PROPN	 HouseGuests
In 1986 Peter Isaacson Publications took over the Asher Joel Media Group. Southern Cross was bought by APN News	News	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
It was relegated to secondary roles in 1935 as newer and more powerful Polikarpov fighters entered service. Notably the	the	DET	I	PROPN	 I
Perhaps the most notable feature of Malcolm's death is the account of Marianus, matched by the silence of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They used composite bows and were able to shoot at enemies while riding and facing away from them; this	this	DET	technique	NOUN	 technique
The ground is located just over a mile from York railway station, which is approximately a twenty minute walk	walk	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Then he was appointed principal negotiator for the Treaty of Brétigny, where the English achieved very favourable terms.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
It is in binary form and modulates from D major through B minor to B major. The final movement	movement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The privileges granted came at a cost: Wiglaf and one ealdorman received life interests in estates, and another	another	DET	ealdorman	NOUN	 ealdorman
He or she must satisfy the Presidential Elections Committee (PEC) that he or she is a person of	of	ADP	integrity	NOUN	 integrity
The new theme park features a SpongeBob themed Gerstlauer Euro Fighter custom roller coaster, the SpongeBob SquarePants Rock Bottom	Bottom	PROPN	Plunge	PROPN	 Plunge
In short, Chrysippus made the Stoic system what it was. It was said that " without Chrysippus,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
Icing maps depict areas where icing can be a hazard for flying. Aviation related maps also show areas of	of	ADP	turbulence	NOUN	 turbulence
During the course of their journey, they discover that Ashnard is provoking the war to try and release the	the	DET	dark	ADJ	 dark
It continues the series ' annual Thanksgiving themed episode tradition, and guest stars cast member Jennifer Aniston's then	then	ADV	husband	NOUN	 husband
Despite the solid win, Duquesne made only 47.6% from the free throw line, a trend which haunted	haunted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Tweedy justified the inclusion of the song: I know ninety nine percent of our fans won't like that	that	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The species that Korhonen called EBS B was named A. bulbosa by Helga Marxmüller in 1982, as it was	was	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
Cathy Rainone of WVIT commented that Beyoncé was " fiercer than ever " during the shows. Glenn Gamboa of	of	ADP	Newsday	PROPN	 Newsday
He decides to blow the whistle on the company to Harkin, but as he refuses to appear on camera	camera	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In June 2005, the 2005 WWE Draft Lottery took place, in which wrestlers were drafted and traded between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Air Asia and other low cost carrier flights do not fly out of KLIA main terminal but from KLIA2 which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Since federal funds had been used to produce the show, more segments of the population insisted upon being represented	represented	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The tour ended with two non first class matches against Scotland. Lindwall was rested from the first, which	which	PRON	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
On Saturday and Sunday, Neerja had a massive jump and earned ₹ 50 million (US $740,000)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On August 10, Global Force Wrestling (GFW) founder Jeff Jarrett joined Bullet Club, attacking Hiroshi Tanahashi	Tanahashi	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
The episode was written by Atiha Sen Gupta and Jack Thorne, and was directed by Simon Massey. The	The	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Nkomo was wary of being labelled a " sell out " by his ZANU rivals, particularly Mugabe, so	so	ADV	to	PART	 to
The music video was considered by Spears as " the funnest video I've ever done. " An alternate	alternate	ADJ	footage	NOUN	 footage
Huff began the 2001 season with Durham but was called up on April 13 when Ariel Prieto was sent to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The episode was the third most watched program that night, and second most watched on CBS. In Canada	Canada	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At this point, maintenance of the route shifts from the city of Gloversville to the New York State Department	Department	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The castle's fourth corner forms its gatehouse. Here the classic Edwardian gatehouse design has been transformed into an	an	DET	asymmetrical	ADJ	 asymmetrical
Kościuszko's first funeral was held on October 19, 1817, at a formerly Jesuit church in Solothurn.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
He is best known for his time with the American professional wrestling promotion WWE, where he performed under the	the	DET	ring	NOUN	 ring
More than 19,000 acres (77 km2) have been purchased along Lake Apopka to restore its wetlands, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Weary of constantly being asked for her primary genre, she felt that recording a Christmas album would finally pave	pave	VERB	a	DET	 a
Nearly all his claims have now been proven correct, although some were already known. His original and highly	highly	ADV	unconventional	ADJ	 unconventional
Modern cleaning solutions are highly effective and chromium free. Potassium dichromate is a chemical reagent, used as a	a	DET	titrating	VERB	 titrating
Laozi was not satisfied by simply being noticed by the guard and demanded an explanation. Yinxi expressed his deep	deep	ADJ	desire	NOUN	 desire
The catchment area is 2,220 square kilometres (860 sq mi). The name " Avon " is a	a	DET	cognate	NOUN	 cognate
In some cases several different solar power stations, with separate owners and contractors, are developed on adjacent sites	sites	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Thirteen episodes were produced by Kyoto Animation: 12 regular episodes, and a final recap episode which summarizes Misuzu	Misuzu	PROPN	's	PART	's
The album contained the song " Coming Up ", the live version of which, recorded in Glasgow,	,	PUNCT	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
In spite of the apparent success of the tollway opening, traffic counts and projected toll revenues were initially lower	lower	ADJ	than	SCONJ	 than
Claire is also playable in Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles (2009), which retells the events of	of	ADP	Resident	PROPN	 Resident
The parliament carried the traditions of the General Sejmik of Greater Poland, and insisted on using the Polish word	word	NOUN	sejm	VERB	 sejm
Ivy's bag shows that she has stolen money from Carol and plans on returning to New York. A	A	DET	later	ADJ	 later
Anderson and series composer Mark Snow worked together in post production; after filming, she sent Snow several CDs	CDs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" ComicsAlliance called it " somewhere in the middle " of presenting a better take on the franchise and a	a	DET	reminder	NOUN	 reminder
Zemeckis quickly replaced Stoltz with Fox whose schedule was now more open with the return of Meredith Baxter. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Tod, James (1829). Annals and Antiquities of Rajast ' han or the Central and Western Rajpoot	Rajpoot	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Portions of the present park were used for recreation prior to the park's establishment. Homestead Bayfront Park,	,	PUNCT	still	ADV	 still
The war continued until the Battle of Tippecanoe which firmly ended the Native American uprising and allowed the Americans to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
Little is known about their process apart from that they used Sage IV computers. They also preferred to develop	develop	VERB	for	ADP	 for
He gave it a rating of four out of ten. Nick Keppler, writing for Nerve.com, listed "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Samuel Claiborn of IGN rated the " Desperate Escape " DLC seven out of ten: " Despite Desperate	Desperate	PROPN	Escape	PROPN	 Escape
The battle commenced in the early morning with several assaults on the Confederate left flank by the I Corps and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Reznor also appeared in a documentary called " Sound City " directed by Dave Grohl, in addition to co	co	VERB	writing	VERB	 writing
List's ideas would be transmitted in Germany by a number of prominent right wingers, and adherents to his	his	PRON	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
He gave Ratsimanjaka the fief of Anosiarivo and designated Andriampalimana to rule at Tsirangaina. Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana gave his adoptive son	son	NOUN	Rakotomavo	PROPN	 Rakotomavo
Parliamentarians grew suspicious of monarchist plots and fearful that the group travelling with Fox aimed to overthrow the government:	:	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
" Stir it Up " was later covered by Johnny Nash's band, Rabbit and the Jungles, on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The accompanying music video was directed by Wataru Takeishi. Because the music video was part of the trilogy set	set	VERB	with	ADP	 with
She didn't lie down under the weight of McCartney's fame and wealth, she continued to plough her	her	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
In this film, he stars as Masamitsu Arima, the father of Sayo and a rich village merchant.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Kellan Miller of XXL felt that the song intended to be " a hit to oliberate all other hits forever	forever	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
By the same time, Sebastian Vettel had moved up into sixth place from thirteenth on the grid. Up	Up	ADV	front	NOUN	 front
Robert California (James Spader) challenges office manager Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) to double sales after a	a	DET	rousing	VERB	 rousing
Scotland Yard investigates the crime and concludes it was committed by a drug addict stealing money. The following day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Depp was excited by the possibility of reviving an old Hollywood genre, and found the script met his quirky	quirky	ADJ	sensibilities	NOUN	 sensibilities
The garden of evergeens was designed by H. Russell Butler, Jr. On the chapel's south side are an	an	DET	additional	ADJ	 additional
Gibson and Marshall, who succeeded Westbrook and Field, were also sent back in quick succession by Antill.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Recently, it has been suggested that this gate is actually the Gate of St. Romanus, but the evidence	evidence	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Sport model received the Sport Direct Shift transmission, also found in the Lexus IS F, with downshift	downshift	ADJ	rev	ADJ	 rev
While they did succeed in getting some supplies through, the French suffered heavy casualties, which convinced Langlais to	to	PART	abandon	VERB	 abandon
The Brooke government decided on a complete destruction of oilfields and airfields in Miri. Shell company officials received orders	orders	NOUN	to	PART	 to
During that day Daman passed over Rotuma island while gradually intensifying further. At 0600 UTC, on December 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Lana avoids Sky for several days, but they eventually make up. Lana finds a note in her locker	locker	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The first was completed in 2006, when two artificial outdoor football pitches, indoor athletic training facilities, sports	sports	NOUN	science	NOUN	 science
From quite early in his career, Peter was renowned for his learning, his passion for reading, and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The first slot was double wide and intended to hold the main video card, arranged with an empty area	area	NOUN	the	DET	 the
He also believed that southern Chinese displayed a finer degree of cultivation, social order, literacy, and industriousness	industriousness	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
The works, mostly including champlevé enamels of very high quality, include the Stavelot Triptych, a portable altar	altar	NOUN	reliquary	NOUN	 reliquary
The unpalatability is strongest in the top section, including the lophophore, which is exposed to predators when phoronids	phoronids	NOUN	feed	VERB	 feed
He served with the South African Army during the Second World War and was briefly attached to the British 7th	7th	PROPN	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
Traherne served in this post for ten years although he was not ordained priest until after the restoration of the	the	DET	monarchy	NOUN	 monarchy
Jayma Mays, who plays Emma, one of the directors in that scene, stated in an interview that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
In 1991, Cardinale featured alongside Richard Berry and Omar Sharif in Henri Verneuil's Mayrig (meaning " mother	mother	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It was a failure and disappeared after the first issue. The back cover, " The Man from Mars	Mars	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1995, Slug and Lettuce was rebranded again, this time as a " contemporary English bar ",	,	PUNCT	designed	VERB	 designed
It has a recorded forest area of 38,720 km2 (14,950 sq mi) which constitutes 20.19% of the	the	DET	total	ADJ	 total
They worked to create a low powered model that shared the family characteristics and sound. The approach, seemingly	seemingly	ADV	against	ADP	 against
These lands (or parts of them — both the Habsburg domains and Hohenzollern Prussia also included territories outside the	the	DET	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
The process of buying a reborn can be done to simulate an adoption process, rather than a prosaic sale	sale	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Winning the game requires patience and the ability to accurately time Mario's ascent. In addition to presenting the	the	DET	goal	NOUN	 goal
Two hundred years later, violent storms sank a massive shrine that served as the center of an ocean based	based	VERB	civilization	NOUN	 civilization
Designed by Jesse Hartley and Philip Hardwick, it was opened in 1846, and was the first structure in	in	ADP	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
It was an almost operatic version of the misunderstood 1948 British film. " In 1976, Chéreau staged Wagner	Wagner	PROPN	's	PART	's
At the time, Audrey had a minimum barometric pressure of 945 mbar (hPa; 27.91 inHg).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Al Wazir activated every cell he had set up in the territories since the late 1970s in an effort	effort	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Kronprinz and her sisters fired heavily on the British cruisers, but failed to drive them off. In the	the	DET	ensuing	VERB	 ensuing
By cutting off the corner of the LGV Nord at Lille, it would enable Eurostar trains to save 20	20	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
" Vocally, Bieber's vocals are sung in a lower key compared to previous singles. Referring to the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Williams also started on the offensive line that helped reach 273 rushing yards and 530 total offensive yards in Week	Week	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
On April 24, 1990, shuttle mission STS 31 saw Discovery launch the telescope successfully into its planned orbit	orbit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" She's Out of My Life " was written for Jones by Tom Bahler three years prior. Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	heard	VERB	 heard
Wormull returned home to join Crawley, on much reduced wages, but he failed his medical examination; the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Mary Bamber, after a visit to Russia, opined that there were as many true communists in Liverpool as	as	ADP	in	ADP	 in
There were at least 35 traffic accidents, one fatal, in Grand Falls Windsor due to slick roads.	.	PUNCT	Prior	ADV	 Prior
However, the fledgling breed club held conformation shows, obedience and agility competitions, and entered their dogs in	in	ADP	sports	NOUN	 sports
Maredudd died in 1155 at the age of twenty five and left Rhys as ruler of Deheubarth. Around this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The episode aired on SCI FI and Space in the United States and Canada respectively on April 4, 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The shell did not penetrate the barbette, but it dislodged a piece of the barbette armour that allowed the	the	DET	flame	NOUN	 flame
Curtis had the idea of an episode about van Gogh for " a long while " and was interested in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A few days after Colina formed, the ITCZ spawned another area of convection on January 16 in the northeast	northeast	ADJ	portion	NOUN	 portion
Don't Look Now was produced by Peter Katz through London based Casey Productions and Rome based Eldorado Films.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
When Disney XD premiered the series, it aired the episode, along with the following two, " Interactions	Interactions	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) stands by his requirement that glee club must place at Regionals to continue,	,	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
The most recently discovered human cancer virus is a polyomavirus (Merkel cell polyomavirus) that causes most cases of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is found in most of sub Saharan Africa south to the Cape of Good Hope, including southern Morocco	Morocco	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is referred to in John Steinbeck's novel The Grapes of Wrath. More recently, rock musician Bruce	Bruce	PROPN	Springsteen	PROPN	 Springsteen
They had a flight scheduled the following day, but with filming finishing early, Aaliyah and her entourage were	were	AUX	eager	ADJ	 eager
He says the landing party will consist of himself, Mr. Spock, Dr. McCoy, and " Ensign Ricky	Ricky	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Issue # 1 of " Nothing at the End of the Lane " (July 1999) includes articles about	about	ADP	fan	NOUN	 fan
In addition the tentacles, whose surface area is increased by microvilli (small hairs and pleats), absorb	absorb	VERB	organic	ADJ	 organic
, which then became the frontrunner. Golub, an international real estate investment company headquartered in Chicago, has	has	AUX	closed	VERB	 closed
Forced to make a decision on how to improve the scores and the school's overall performance, Principal Shepherd	Shepherd	PROPN	decides	VERB	 decides
The 6th Division commenced forming in England in February 1917, but was never deployed to France and was broken	broken	VERB	up	ADP	 up
After two weeks of hospitalization and a several weeks of convalescence, he seemed to have recovered fully, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
By 2009, Jenkins was acting as a mentor to Smith. In January 2009 plans were released for Smith	Smith	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The asci – sexual spore bearing cells – have a cylindrical shape, with dimensions of 115 – 125 by	by	ADP	8	NUM	 8
, which locates it elsewhere, by Shechem / Tel Balāṭa. The Itinerarium Burdigalense (333 CE) notes	notes	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Weldy began the season with the Akron Acorns of the Ohio State League. However, he appeared in only	only	ADV	four	NUM	 four
Her 17th birthday at the beginning of the game marks her official ascension into the Adlehyde royal family and departure	departure	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
She later buys fake ultrasound scan photos over the internet, but Summer becomes suspicious about them and discovers they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
J. Pat O'Malley as Colonel Hathi the Indian elephant / Buzzie the Vulture Verna Felton as Winifred, Colonel Hathi	Hathi	PROPN	's	PART	's
Ironically, their win came against the other newly formed team, the Jaguares, a team made up predominantly	predominantly	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Columbus dismissed this notion, stating that with only roughly 200,000 Turbo Man toys being made, the merchandising was	was	AUX	far	ADV	 far
Despite Joseph's opposition, she insists on returning to the psychiatric unit. Faye left her job on 28	28	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
In July, Bobby successfully defended his U.S. Junior title, scoring 8 ½ / 9 at San Francisco.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
It was founded by an Italian company, World Editions, which was looking to break into the American market	market	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Over five years, Raonic compiled a 53 – 30 win – loss record in singles, and a 56	56	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Although Riefenstahl lived for almost another half century, Tiefland was her last feature film. Riefenstahl tried many times	times	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In a letter to Katkov written in September 1865, Dostoyevsky explained to him that the work was to be	be	AUX	about	ADP	 about
" The multiplayer mode was created by Canadian video game development studio Eidos Montreal, known for making Deus Ex	Ex	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Two different waterproofing systems were proposed to the owner by Harry S. Peterson Co. The first system called for a	a	DET	rubberized	VERB	 rubberized
The tusks were staples of the cabinet of curiosities. European knowledge of the tusk's origin developed gradually during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kubrick found that Dr. Strangelove, a $2 million production which employed what became the " first important visual	visual	ADJ	effects	NOUN	 effects
MVP would win the number one contendership for Lashley's TNA World Heavyweight Championship on the February 20 broadcast of	of	ADP	Impact	PROPN	 Impact
The Daddies eventually developed a steady following in the San Francisco Bay Area, where they became a staple of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As the chorus of the song starts, Kesha and her friends start to run around the motel dancing and	and	CCONJ	jumping	VERB	 jumping
By the mid 1980s, a significant shift in lead end use patterns had taken place. Much of this	this	DET	shift	NOUN	 shift
A few item and character names were adjusted, as in the expansion of " Fenix Down " to "	"	PUNCT	Phoenix	PROPN	 Phoenix
After all the members of the group had been interrogated, the survivors were separated and sent to other camps	camps	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Urey then wrote his thesis on the ionization states of an ideal gas, which was subsequently published in the	the	DET	Astrophysical	PROPN	 Astrophysical
Despite labeling some tracks of the record like " Until It's Gone " as cliché, he commented positively	positively	ADV	on	ADP	 on
But it made a lot of difference to me. " Correspondent and author Warren Moscow wrote that after 1940	1940	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
On March 13, Kristin Dos Santos of E! confirmed that the series would be a spin off with	with	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
Charing Cross Road passes between the National Gallery and the church. London Underground's Charing Cross tube station on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In January 1791, Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton submitted a report to Congress proposing the establishment of a mint.	.	PUNCT	Hamilton	PROPN	 Hamilton
Tan's other students include the future generals Jin Tai (金台) and Zong Ze (宗澤) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After World War II began this was increased to 33 depth charges, delivered by one or two rails and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
Damon's role on the show made it his second prime time television appearance following his guest spot on Will	Will	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
At the 2008 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships, Reutter won a bronze medal in the 3000 m with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
There is another flashback to the pilot episode showing Monteith's a cappella performance of " Can't Fight This	This	DET	Feeling	NOUN	 Feeling
Gilchrist scored 241 runs at 48.20 with two fifties. In the ensuing ODI tournament, Gilchrist scored 326 runs	runs	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The track contains no proper vocals, instead using spoken words played at half speed to invoke images of interstellar	interstellar	ADJ	space	NOUN	 space
The depression quickly intensified due to low wind shear and became Tropical Storm Isaac early on September 22 as it	it	PRON	headed	VERB	 headed
49 species of fish and 47 species of mammals are registered in the area of the nature reserve, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Leng described Harrison's slide guitar solo on Lennon's " How Do You Sleep? " as a departure	departure	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Thus, the two species apparently had widely overlapping ranges. Little is known about the extinction of Plesiorycteropus,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" The article also states that Keynes was one of the three most important economists who ever lived, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
He was since styled, as written in the accounts of the Patriarchate of Constantinople: " How should the	the	DET	Patriarch	PROPN	 Patriarch
The composer's lifestyle was in marked contrast to his co creators: " I had short hair, a	a	DET	wife	NOUN	 wife
Clay Walker has released a total of 11 albums, including a greatest hits package and an album of Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	music	NOUN	 music
" After fortifying Belbina, Cleomenes advanced into Arcadia with 3,000 infantry and a few cavalry. However, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He has been noted as being a stereotypical large character villain in the series, described commonly as " the	the	DET	big	ADJ	 big
The city of Morón, located along the northern coast of Cuba, recorded 6.13 inches (155 mm)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
The episode featured recurring guest stars Helms, Creed Bratton, Rashida Jones, Wayne Wilderson, Mike Bruner,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
According to historian Jean Edward Smith, Grant and Garfield had a " guarded relationship ", since Grant promoted	promoted	VERB	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
Along the way, Patricia (Jane McNeill) is killed and Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride) is cornered	cornered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
During the early 20th century, urbanization of the city due to the geographical feature of " Cruesoe's Island	Island	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Decay begins with Gina Cross and Colette Green arriving at the Anomalous Materials Labs at Black Mesa and reporting to	to	ADP	Dr.	PROPN	 Dr.
Nyon is a Tal ' Darim executor who Raynor's Raiders fight in Wings of Liberty for pieces of Xel	Xel	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
One unusual specimen, described by Branch and Farrell (1988), from Summer Pride, East London in	in	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
Conway appears as himself. Conway, a comic veteran, is known for his work on The Carol Burnett	Burnett	PROPN	Show	PROPN	 Show
After studying law, he embarked on a successful career as a lawyer in Constantinople, which brought him to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Letting Go " was written by series creator Christopher Murphey and Matthew Gross, who is best known for	for	ADP	directing	VERB	 directing
It is a Grade II listed building, a national designation given to " buildings of special interest, which	which	PRON	warrant	VERB	 warrant
... In other parts of Denbighshire, in the south west of Meirionyddshire and Montgomeryshire, the inhabitants have imbibed	imbibed	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
When the Scarlet Witch changed reality to one where mutants were the dominant species, Anole was a Junior S.H.I.E.L.D.	S.H.I.E.L.D.	NOUN	operative	NOUN	 operative
The stronger the mean wind, the less likely other processes will be involved in storm motion. On weather	weather	NOUN	radar	NOUN	 radar
Another $4.5 million of funding was also devoted to the project from the state of New York. Planning	Planning	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Also, the track is filled with sand and gravel to reduce the noise when a train is on the	the	DET	track	NOUN	 track
Having erupted in 1995, it is expected that Sakurai's Object's final helium flash will be the first	first	ADJ	well	ADV	 well
Jennifer Cady of E! Online wrote that the bright shiny lights in the video " make [Beyoncé]	]	PUNCT	look	VERB	 look
A detailed description of Domitian's appearance and character is provided by Suetonius, who devotes a substantial part of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
She dominated the ailing composer, who had no say in the subject matter, the voice types or the	the	DET	balance	NOUN	 balance
The hydrodynamic calculations involved were daunting, and ENIAC was used to run a computer simulation of the Super in	in	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Development of Alien Soldier lasted two years and was led by Hideyuki Suganami, who from the start wanted to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Abolition continued to be associated in the public consciousness with the French Revolution and with British radical groups, resulting	resulting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Duméril did not name any Torpedo species; the first author to do so was probably Charles Lucien Bonaparte,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The Australian Board of Control's concern that — after losing money on the previous season's tour by the	the	DET	West	PROPN	 West
These forces are said to be manipulable by the practitioner of LaVeyan Satanism, a trait of the religion that	that	PRON	has	AUX	 has
He was a dynamic teacher and administrator, transforming the status of the institutions in which he worked. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Replacement of the present Article 1 of the Dutch constitution, guaranteeing equality under the law, by a clause	clause	NOUN	stating	VERB	 stating
These names were contributed to a list of a 140 names submitted by the fourteen members nations and territories of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Valverde achieved his fourth career stage victory at the Tour, nineteen seconds ahead of Froome and Wiggins, who	who	PRON	in	ADP	 in
In 1917, all of the Sarajevo conspirators within Serbia's control were tried at Salonika on false charges,	,	PUNCT	except	SCONJ	 except
" Thirty Five Thousand Feet of Despair ", the third song, is the tragic story of an airplane	airplane	NOUN	pilot	NOUN	 pilot
Ian's actions were revealed when Rainie, depressed after a confrontation with Mick Carter and his family, told	told	VERB	Denise	PROPN	 Denise
The circumambulation covers a distance of 14 kilometres (8.7 mi), and is referred as Girivalam. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He initially worked as a bartender and later started working in recording studios in Philadelphia and later Boston and New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The most intense witch hunt was in 1661 – 62, which involved 664 named witches in four counties.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
When local television station KDKA TV showed up, Conway gave a short television interview outside the convention hotel.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Now that he was no longer under Kinkaid's command, Christie renewed his push to get Dealey awarded the	the	DET	Medal	PROPN	 Medal
Due to its small size, only a few islands received significant effects from the hurricane. Saint Barthélemy,	,	PUNCT	Saba	PROPN	 Saba
Contestants who are defeated in the Winner's Defense bouts lose all winnings they have accumulated. All other defeated	defeated	VERB	contestants	NOUN	 contestants
Parsons petitioned the Virginia General Assembly to establish a public ferry across the South Branch Potomac River, thus connecting	connecting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
PlayStation was the brainchild of Ken Kutaragi, a Sony executive who had just finished managing one of the company	company	NOUN	's	PART	's
In a rare comedy turn, she starred in The Baxter alongside writer / director Michael Showalter. The film	film	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
Burying dead afterwards is worst of all. " When disheartened he comforted himself with the thought, " This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In 2007, the new gym was finished. The new gym did not replace the older one, but	but	CCONJ	rather	ADV	 rather
Its introduction has been described as " the most athletic of bassoon lines ". The tenor and alto voices	voices	NOUN	repeat	VERB	 repeat
Travis Estvold of Boise Weekly wrote that she was " horribly miscast as some sort of undersized, warble voiced	voiced	VERB	crime	NOUN	 crime
One set was resplendent and new while the other was old and decrepit. The sets were joined to each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Dixon, unprepared for Rocky's resilience, sends Rocky to one knee in the final round, but the	the	DET	elder	ADJ	 elder
There are 25 – 34 upper and 37 – 43 lower tooth rows; the upper teeth are broad and	and	CCONJ	angled	VERB	 angled
By the time Mission Control issued the wake up call to the crew for flight day two, the spacecraft	spacecraft	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Mandala / Juliana ice cap disappeared in the 1990s. and the Idenburg glacier on Ngga Pilimsit dried up	up	ADP	in	ADP	 in
That same theme prevented its publication in Communist Party governed China, where it was the only completed adventure not	not	PART	translated	VERB	 translated
Although the dog's life is saved, the family begins to feel the strain of their sacrifices and starts	starts	VERB	treating	VERB	 treating
" British company 4dMax employed special 3D scanners to digitize data of the sets and actors which would be used	used	VERB	by	ADP	 by
David Goldfield writes in Agricultural History that the book was the most impressive and balanced attempt to understand the slave	slave	NOUN	's	PART	's
The crown of a King of Arms is silver gilt and consists of sixteen acanthus leaves alternating in height,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Although fragmentary, the remains are similar to the western corella and the galah. In Melanesia, subfossil bones	bones	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He added " The notion of a mother being a surrogate for their daughter is something you can't pretend	pretend	VERB	is	AUX	 is
Every motion was perfect.... The man was Dickson; the little movie, approximately three seconds long, is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Gladys was the strongest storm to threaten the East Coast of the United States since Hurricane Hazel in 1954.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
After his graduation from high school, he attended Fresno State University, where he mostly played shortstop. He	He	PRON	hit.292	VERB	 hit.292
What will be next? Beyoncé's cut off all her hair? Dyed it green? Maybe she's	's	AUX	singing	VERB	 singing
The theory is now sometimes known as Burnet's clonal selection theory, which overlooks the contributions of Ehrlich,	,	PUNCT	Jerne	PROPN	 Jerne
They range in size from 30 to 90 cm (0.98 to 2.95 ft) in length and contain 10	10	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The award is conferred for " exceptional and distinguished service ", without distinction of race, occupation, position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By the middle of the 19th century, a major restoration programme was needed. Under Dean Goodenough, the	the	DET	monuments	NOUN	 monuments
Lindemann notified Naval High Command (Oberkommando der Marine), Naval Groups North and West (Marinegruppen Nord und	und	VERB	West	PROPN	 West
These include: ' Allyn Radiance ' – derived from a prostrate orange and prostrate red forms of G. juniperina	juniperina	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
User programming of display, variable, and function block parameters is provided to control, protect, and monitor	monitor	VERB	the	DET	 the
Pigeon post is thought to have Persians roots and was used by the Romans to aid their military. Frontinus	Frontinus	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
This was later followed by the release of " Of Mice and Men ". Additionally, " Kick the	the	DET	Chair	PROPN	 Chair
Digimon Racing's release fell on April 1, 2004 in Japan; April 30 in Europe; and September	September	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
In the aquatic Belostomatidae, females lay their eggs on the back of the male which guards the eggs.	.	PUNCT	Protection	NOUN	 Protection
In addition to acting, Padukone has written opinion columns and has been involved with women's health and fitness	fitness	NOUN	magazines	NOUN	 magazines
By 1904 rubber vines within 50 miles of Abir posts had been depleting, leading to violent clashes between rival	rival	ADJ	villages	NOUN	 villages
Sporadic fighting and heavy shelling also continued on Hill 111 in the early morning hours, and at 04:	:	SYM	00	PUNCT	 00
Electronic Arts designed the game's digital strategy to coexist with their other shooter, Battlefield 4, and the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
These more massive nuclei can not undergo an energy producing fusion reaction that can sustain the hydrostatic equilibrium of a	a	DET	star	NOUN	 star
Archaeological investigations failed to find any access stairway through the retaining wall to Group E. Pyramid E1 is located on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mike Hale of the New York Times did not miss Sue's presence in the episode, and wrote that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1893 with his wife and young son, he set sail for Durban in South Africa, intending to	to	PART	join	VERB	 join
Jon Hayward was impressed by the " almost photo realistic " quality of the scenery, particularly in Shinjuku Gyoen	Gyoen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This one scored hits on Repulse and she sank at 12: 33. Six aircraft from this wave also	also	ADV	attacked	VERB	 attacked
" While Stanton's daughter, Harriot Stanton Blatch, remembers her grandmother as being fun, affectionate, and	and	CCONJ	lively	ADJ	 lively
Baden Powell also wore shorts, because he believed that being dressed like a Scout helped to reduce the age	age	NOUN	imposed	VERB	 imposed
It is the third largest municipal corporation and the third largest urban agglomeration in the state. Located 322 kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Producer Anthony Nelson Keys chose Baker as director because he felt his experience on such films as A Night to	to	PART	Remember	VERB	 Remember
The original compounds used were 5 iodo 2 ' -deoxyuridine, AKA idoxuridine, IUdR, or (IDU)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The reasons for using titanium were its exceptional strength to weight ratio and corrosion resistance. Emerson ground the blades	blades	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His paper, published in the Physical Review in August 1947 was only two pages long and contained just 12	12	NUM	mathematical	ADJ	 mathematical
Both series are now available on Hulu and Hulu Plus. It is also available (both complete series)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Anxiety disorders are common among children with ASD; there are no firm data, but studies have reported prevalences	prevalences	NOUN	ranging	VERB	 ranging
More care and thought would have made this an admirable offering. " The Mirror ' reviewer stated, "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Like Kiko, the storm deepened rapidly, and was upgraded into a tropical storm at 1800 UTC that day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Daring was sunk by the German submarine U 23 on 18 February while escorting a convoy from Norway. Diana	Diana	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Its portrayal of the conqueror as bisexual was controversial; the film was criticised by some historians for its treatment	treatment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
German Army Group Centre resisted in Prague until 11 May. In the Pacific theatre, American forces accompanied by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
By nightfall, he was suffering from a sore throat and chills, followed by a severe headache and a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
The Nash brothers also owned substantial property in the town, and established a mill on the Eno River,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The 19th century Anglesey historian Angharad Llwyd described the church in 1833 as " a small but stately edifice,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
These Wild Card Avatars have special rules in addition to, or replacing, the normal ones. Reviewers rarely	rarely	ADV	focused	VERB	 focused
It soon became clear that opinion was split: most of the younger izinDuna were opposed to the idea of	of	ADP	any	DET	 any
In the southwest tower was a well, from which water would have been drawn for the household. Along	Along	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a memo dated 1685 a French East India Company official claimed that Singora was finally captured by means of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
On the morning of September 11, 2001, MacFarlane was scheduled to return to Los Angeles on American Airlines	Airlines	PROPN	Flight	PROPN	 Flight
At the time of the announcement, Bethesda had been working on Oblivion for two years (since 2002)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
' I'd like to see Izzie take some culpability. Heigl was nominated for the " Best Supporting Actress	Actress	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In Malaysia, Malay is the language of instruction for most subjects while English is a compulsory subject, but	but	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
Due in part to the school's emphasis on undergraduate research, in rankings for 2008 2009, BYU was	was	AUX	ranked	VERB	 ranked
Courts have also been split on viewpoint based expression in schools, such as religion. A variety of cases	cases	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Excerpts from several different takes of " Like a Rolling Stone " appeared on the Highway 61 Interactive CD ROM	ROM	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Above the hypolimnion is a thin layer, known as epilimnion, where fish survive to some degree. The	The	DET	benthal	NOUN	 benthal
Chaplin's performance of a gibberish song did, however, give the Tramp a voice for the only time	time	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Glee debuted in America on the Fox network on May 19, 2009. Series creator Ryan Murphy planned to	to	PART	include	VERB	 include
The former was his first commercial success since Ishq Vishk. Greater success came to Kapoor later that year when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Scholars have identified a distinctive form of Celtic Christianity, in which abbots were more significant than bishops, attitudes	attitudes	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
After Jack sacrifices himself to the released supernatural demon, Gwen maintains a vigil, certain that he will resurrect	resurrect	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Without a load, the Holt tractor managed a walking pace of 4 miles per hour (6.4 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
Principal photography began on September 24, 1996, and ended on February 28, 1997. The first shooting	shooting	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
On 31 December, he presented to Pope Clement VII a roll of petitions — a series of requests —	—	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
Mr. Burns remained largely ignorant of Smithers ' devoted adoration, much to Smithers ' frustration. Mr. Burns himself	himself	PRON	has	AUX	 has
The album was produced by Kavichandran Alexander, founder of Water Lily Acoustics, and Jayant Shah. It was	was	AUX	engineered	VERB	 engineered
In the second battle, U 38 fired at Effingham, but the torpedoes malfunctioned, (exploding prematurely)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Grove made his Major League debut on May 28, 1940. He pitched in two more games for the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
Richard Eisenbeis of Kotaku, writing a retrospective on the series, praised the relationship between Spike and Faye,	,	PUNCT	especially	ADV	 especially
In 2005, the average age of oil tankers worldwide was 10 years. Of these, 31.6% were	were	AUX	under	ADP	 under
In this episode, when rubbings from the spaceship resurface the FBI hides its investigation from the X Files.	.	PUNCT	Meanwhile	ADV	 Meanwhile
Ubisoft announced the creation of a new division to create the My Coach series on May 21, 2007,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The final engagement took place right in front of the small Texan town and populace, including the Texas Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Of Pandas and People proposes that SETI illustrates an appeal to intelligent design in science. In 2000, philosopher	philosopher	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Punk has done various work with Nerdist Industries. As part of YouTube Comedy Week in 2013, Punk starred	starred	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Coach Graves was convinced, and asked Cade to produce enough of his potion for all Gator games. Gatorade	Gatorade	PROPN	achieved	VERB	 achieved
The Turgesh had been besieging Samarkand, and its commander, Sawra ibn al Hurr al Abani, sent a	a	DET	request	NOUN	 request
" In March 2016, the company confirmed that the game would be released for the Xbox One video game	game	NOUN	console	NOUN	 console
Although Sedna is officially considered a scattered disc object by the MPC, its discoverer Michael E. Brown has suggested	suggested	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 2006, Parliamentary Monitoring Services owned half of Political Wizard and received GB £1.5 million for this share	share	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The share of Nirvana's publishing was purchased by Primary Wave Music, which was founded by Larry Mestel,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The infantry battalions were particularly short of mortars, and ammunition for the Boys anti tank rifle was in short	short	ADJ	supply	NOUN	 supply
The comet would otherwise have gone unnoticed — its sighting during the eclipse was the only observation of it.	.	PUNCT	Photographs	NOUN	 Photographs
She remained on guard ship duty on the Humber until November 1915. Illustrious paid off at Grimsby on 26	26	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
These receptors have been found in various tissues and cell types, including brain and heart Some mitochondrial functions are	are	AUX	performed	VERB	 performed
The band is temporarily on a hiatus that began in January 2016, which is expected to last around 18	18	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
None of them made references to DNA, fingerprint, or blood samples from the murder scene. Sources close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Page 186 Chapter 8: Preserving. Page 209 Chapter 9: Drying and Candying. Page 237 Chapter 10	10	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
Furthermore, they already knew that he could see their messages; Akira's mother explains that the students have	have	VERB	no	DET	 no
Brooke Smith, interviewed by Michael Ausiello, stated that: Smith explained that the script for her final episode	episode	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
There were large encyclopedias published in the Tang. The Yiwen Leiju encyclopedia was compiled in 624 by the chief	chief	ADJ	editor	NOUN	 editor
Winterfest was first held in 2009 and centers around the town's rich ice skating and ice hockey traditions.	.	PUNCT	Winterfest	PROPN	 Winterfest
He was eligible for the 1982 NHL Entry Draft, but listed at five feet, nine inches tall by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Machine Head accepted the offer on the grounds that the band owns 100% of the music. On April	April	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
This meant the British merchant fleet would not be at Germany's disposal for use in evacuations, and planning	planning	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Some observers have suggested that the film served as an inspiration for Sunset Blvd., noting similarities between the	the	DET	outlines	NOUN	 outlines
Homer discovers Fat Tony is there alongside his henchman, Louie, having been released on bail, and unwittingly	unwittingly	ADV	made	VERB	 made
The existing fort is spread over an area of 10 acres (4.0 ha). It was built,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Recorded combat performance was lower, but still over 80 percent at 1,000 m, in the 60s at 1,500	1,500	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The video opens with a clip of a poster in Gary pointing fans toward Jackson's childhood home, at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album's most notable track, " Let the Music Do the Talking ", was in fact a	a	DET	cover	NOUN	 cover
Several days later, Kravis, who had originally suggested the idea of the buyout to Johnson, presented a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Snaut tells Kelvin that since they broadcast Kelvin's brainwaves at Solaris, the visitors stopped appearing and islands began	began	VERB	forming	VERB	 forming
Team Sky then took up the reins through recent Volta ao Algarve winner Richie Porte, protecting their overall leader	leader	NOUN	Bradley	PROPN	 Bradley
As the player progresses through the game new weapons and upgrades can be obtained. As well as the 20	20	NUM	weapons	NOUN	 weapons
After being caught with one of these pictures at work, Haynes left the accounting firm and moved to Southern	Southern	PROPN	California	PROPN	 California
Ujung Kulon is managed by the Indonesian Ministry of Forestry. Evidence of at least four baby rhinos was discovered	discovered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Madlax was produced as a spiritual successor to the studio's earlier project, Noir, and together with El	El	PROPN	Cazador	PROPN	 Cazador
The Sm2 + ions are blood red in aqueous solution. The most stable oxide of samarium is the sesquioxide	sesquioxide	NOUN	Sm2O3	NUM	 Sm2O3
That same year, she played the lead female role in the romance Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana, and	and	CCONJ	followed	VERB	 followed
The spore print is white, and individual spores are spherical to ellipsoid, measuring 7.5 – 9 by 7.5	7.5	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In Messiaen's opera Saint François d'Assise, the saint is represented by themes based on the blackcap's song	song	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The sources are quite thin on this ground, but by 1249 he had brought at least one more church	church	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
" The title is a tribute to his vision. He had a plan and he saw it through.	.	PUNCT	That	PRON	 That
The Chinese had also penetrated the 38th Infantry Regiment's left flank, blocking the regiment's retreat route in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In order to create the beautiful spray of the falls pictured here the city had to open many fire hydrants	hydrants	NOUN	upstream	ADJ	 upstream
Like Goldwater, Bush strongly opposed civil rights legislation in the name of states rights. Yarborough, a leading	leading	VERB	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Small children with moderate to severe TBI may have some of these symptoms but have difficulty communicating them. Other	Other	ADJ	signs	NOUN	 signs
Completion was scheduled for June 1805, but construction did not start until late 1804, and by the time	time	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
" The Legion condemned zero films produced by the MPPDA between 1936 and 1943. A coincidental upswing in the	the	DET	fortunes	NOUN	 fortunes
Two songs were removed from the album version: the interrupted " Late Great Johnny Ace ", and the	the	DET	encore	PROPN	 encore
Its secondary task was to assist the 9th Division in the capture of Lae. The plan was generally known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The following year Macfies were among the Camerons, who were on the right flank at the Jacobite Army at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The word in question was Gilbert's reference to " nigger " (blackface) minstrels, and Carte	Carte	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
While G Company was trying to escape from Hill 464, the rest of the 2nd Battalion was cut off	off	ADP	at	ADP	 at
As a military commander, Vespasian gained early renown by participating in the Roman invasion of Britain in 43.	.	PUNCT	Nevertheless	ADV	 Nevertheless
By early 1942, fierce fighting had broken out between the Ustaše, Chetniks and Partisans in NDH territory.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
He desires to cast Kei in an amateur film he is making for an upcoming film festival. Occupied with	with	ADP	thoughts	NOUN	 thoughts
These NCO quarters became known as " soap suds row ' because many of the NCO wives were former army	army	NOUN	laundresses	NOUN	 laundresses
A recent strong earthquake in the region was the 1979 Montenegro earthquake, measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale.	.	PUNCT	Historical	ADJ	 Historical
Oliphant retired as Professor of Particle Physics in 1964, and was appointed Professor of Ionised Gases. In this	this	DET	chair	NOUN	 chair
On New Year's Eve, Lydia discovers Zoe's true reasons for befriending her and decides to murder her	her	PRON	at	ADP	 at
The two siblings played with each other briefly as members of the Florida Panthers, after Valeri was traded there	there	ADV	on	ADP	 on
It is hosted by Miyuki Sawashiro and Asami Sanada, the voice of Shinku and Jun respectively. The second	second	ADJ	is	AUX	 is
Cao Đài was outlawed during the Khmer Republic and Khmer Rouge regimes, but regained official recognition in 1985 and	and	CCONJ	has	VERB	 has
Amphibian engineer scouts from the 2nd Engineer Special Brigade's 532nd Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment (EBSR) accompanied	accompanied	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Both sexes contribute to the nest building, though the male also stands guard while the female is building the	the	DET	nest	NOUN	 nest
The treaty included ₹ 20 lacs as Chauth for Bengal (includes both West Bengal and Bangladesh) and ₹	₹	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
They put layers and layers of different materials on you and you have two straws in your nose so you	you	PRON	can	AUX	 can
Planning for Operation Trio and the associated Operation West Bosnien in the Bosanska Krajina occurred during two Axis conferences in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Chris Carter of Destructoid, conversely was heavily critical of the Riddler challenges and their requirement for the game's	's	PART	full	ADJ	 full
In his teenage years, Sheen was involved with the West Glamorgan Youth Theatre and, later, the National	National	PROPN	Youth	PROPN	 Youth
Several conditions, including Parkinson's disease, diabetes and so called pure autonomic failure, can cause a loss	loss	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A poor start in the group stages, with two losses in their first five games, had the club	club	NOUN	facing	VERB	 facing
They were filled with a mixture of argon and carbon dioxide at 4.5 standard atmospheres (460 kPa).	.	PUNCT	Eight	NUM	 Eight
JSTOR 458509. Faderman, Lillian (1981). Surpassing the Love of Men. New York: William	William	PROPN	Morrow	PROPN	 Morrow
Initially, they served as the opening act for Nine Inch Nails on the 2000 Fragility v2.0 tour, but	but	CCONJ	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
There was little approval among reviewers for the " canary in a cage " metaphor in the scene between Kurt	Kurt	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The fungus promotes growth of the roots and helps protect the trees against predators and pathogens. It can also	also	ADV	limit	VERB	 limit
In the first leg of the semi final against Beograd in Belgrade, Greaves was sent off for violent conduct	conduct	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
As midnight approaches, they take the rest of the family into the basement. Sam begs Ruby to teach	teach	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The slower, harmonized Trio version of the Dooley song and other traditional numbers struck Proffitt as a betrayal of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Despite this, assessors working for the IUCN believe there are no major threats that could result in a range	range	NOUN	wide	ADJ	 wide
Jolin spent most of 1918 in Copenhagen, where he showed his paintings at an art gallery at Nikolaiplads.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Principal photography began on 7 June 2013. Scenes focusing on Chaitanya and Samantha were shot at Narayanguda in mid	mid	ADJ	June	PROPN	 June
They provided feedback to Sony on what hardware evolutions they would like to see on the PlayStation 4 system.	.	PUNCT	Second	ADJ	 Second
His recess appointment by President Jimmy Carter came on July 27 of that year, as part of a midterm	midterm	NOUN	restructuring	NOUN	 restructuring
Paul is a proponent of Austrian School economics; he has authored six books on the subject, and displays	displays	VERB	pictures	NOUN	 pictures
Her terms accepted, Hepburn was also given the director and co star of her choice, George Stevens and	and	CCONJ	Spencer	PROPN	 Spencer
Fruit bodies have small, bright red cups up to 2 cm (0.8 in) wide atop a slender	slender	ADJ	whitish	ADJ	 whitish
The art director for the series is Nobuto Sakamoto. The sound director is Yoshikazu Iwanami, and the soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
They have written two feature film screenplays: The Optimist for New Line Cinema, in which Seann William Scott	Scott	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" XO " managed to appear on many music charts across Europe and Oceania and it peaked at number 45	45	NUM	on	ADP	 on
One such defendant was the Jehovah's Witnesses, who were involved in a large number of Supreme Court cases	cases	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The 50 50 venture is called Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and is scheduled to launch its first dance, fitness	fitness	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Revere first gave instructions to send a signal to Charlestown using lanterns hung in the steeple of Boston's Old	Old	PROPN	North	PROPN	 North
She carried 1,844.5 tonnes (1,815.4 long tons) of coal, and an additional 267.2 tonnes (263.0 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
It included a clause to ensure that the Selby Canal was maintained with a depth of water of 5 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Dayaks tried to cut through the door of the fort by using axes but they were later defeated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
This combined complex imagery, incorporating classical themes of the goddess Astraea and the revival of the classical golden age	age	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ron goes to April's house and convinces her to come back by telling her about Andy's compliments.	.	PUNCT	April	PROPN	 April
Half Life: Decay, however, indicates that Dr. Gina Cross is responsible for this task. Livingston admitted	admitted	VERB	he	PRON	 he
The enemy assault overran 2 tanks, destroyed 1 and forced another to withdraw. Suddenly M / Sgt.	.	PUNCT	Kouma	PROPN	 Kouma
In addition to British losses in the explosion at the fort, two men had been killed and one wounded	wounded	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Boys are expected to practice extreme discipline during this period known as brahmacharya. Boys are expected to lead a	a	DET	celibate	ADJ	 celibate
" Another characteristic of Smallville ' s Lex Luthor — one that is being developed over the course of the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
The following year the art critic Octave Mirbeau wrote that Van Gogh's suicide was " infinitely sadder loss for	for	ADP	art	NOUN	 art
Prankster Comets, which were featured in the original game and cause variation and tougher challenges in levels, no	no	ADV	longer	ADV	 longer
The film began its limited theatrical run in the United States on March 16, 2012. Drafthouse Films acquired	acquired	VERB	distribution	NOUN	 distribution
He also wrote a book with a cardiologist called Jogging, which detailed the medical benefits of jogging, to	to	PART	which	PRON	 which
The work is integrated into the window bays of the former Nabisco Factory loading dock, as a series of	of	ADP	700	NUM	 700
To the president's concern that this could create precedent for other veterans to come forward, Toby replies "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Compounding the effects of the air attacks, Japan's rice crop of 1945 failed. The resulting shortage of	of	ADP	rice	NOUN	 rice
Hurricane Felix took a similar path as Hurricane Dean, although its effects were not severe; damage on Tobago	Tobago	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It also topped the Adult Top 40, and charted at number two on the Mainstream Top 40, number	number	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
Tupolev initially designed the Tu 95PLO (protivolodochnaya oborona, or ASW), a development of the Tu 95	95	NUM	equipped	VERB	 equipped
On 10 August 1901, they travelled by train to Versailles. They did not think much of the palace	palace	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
GCE was leasing the car from the San Antonio Museum Association. Car 300 was the main streetcar on the	the	DET	WST	PROPN	 WST
It has also been hypothesized that vampire legends were influenced by individuals being buried alive because of shortcomings in the	the	DET	medical	ADJ	 medical
AMC recommended to narrow the competition to compound helicopters, as they were considered the only helicopter configuration at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Instead, he too was arrested, tried, and sentenced to death, quickly commuted to house arrest.	.	PUNCT	Mundhir	PROPN	 Mundhir
[...] Adding the ability to battle it out with friends via Xbox Live is also really exciting.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
They may also spend money on the work of amateur and professional artists, both directly and at auction.	.	PUNCT	Furry	ADJ	 Furry
The trial proved successful, and he signed on non contract terms with the club on 18 December 2012.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Operational squadrons during the time of its operation at Loring included: 69th Bombardment Squadron (B 52, 1952	1952	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Substantial variations observed between AADT and ASDT are normally attributed to the fact that the motorway carries significant tourist traffic	traffic	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Its organic content varies from 15% to 55%, averaging over 40%. Correspondingly, its mean	mean	ADJ	calorific	ADJ	 calorific
On each face of the head is a dial, and the head is surmounted by a globe on a	a	DET	short	ADJ	 short
1922), Andrew E. (b. 1927), and Edward L. " Ed " (b. 1930)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The full distribution of Nothomyrmecia has never been assessed, and it is unknown how widespread it really is.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
As Peter and Lois are having sex, she yells out George Clooney's name, so Peter realizes that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Eagle rays, smaller sharks, and octopus are occasionally taken. Larger sharks tend to be more sluggish and	and	CCONJ	take	VERB	 take
NY 3 has had 14 suffixed routes over the years; however, all of them except for one only	only	ADV	existed	VERB	 existed
5. In 2000, he hosted Saturday Night Live. Fellow wrestlers Triple H, The Big Show,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Ultimately, during tests conducted by Rolls Royce at Derby, an RM.17.SM (the high altitude version of the	the	DET	Merlin	PROPN	 Merlin
Oli Welsh of Eurogamer wrote that the music matched the game's themes of " hidden depth ". Welsh	Welsh	NOUN	heard	VERB	 heard
Examinations of vertebral growth ring count gave a maximum male age of 73 years and a maximum female age of	of	ADP	40	NUM	 40
During eruptions, these blasts occur as often as every few minutes. The term " Strombolian " has been	been	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Melina was body painted by artist Mark Greenawalt for a modeling photo shoot in 2007 where she posed with her	her	PRON	WWE	PROPN	 WWE
Concussion may be under diagnosed because of the lack of the highly noticeable signs and symptoms while athletes may minimize	minimize	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Four trains per hour ran from Putney Bridge to Earl's Court, two continuing to High Street Kensington.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
While time flows automatically and a day cycle repeats about every ten minutes in real time, players can adjust	adjust	VERB	the	DET	 the
The game is divided into two types of sections: courtroom sessions, where the player cross examines witnesses and	and	CCONJ	tries	VERB	 tries
He reminded me of a master who gets the whole school to and from a picnic without losing his reason	reason	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Another grant of land was of land at Deverel, Wiltshire to Glastonbury Abbey while he was archbishop. Wulfhelm	Wulfhelm	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
They told Polygon that tablets were " inherently social ", " less alienating to new players ", and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
) Wells expanded on this by splitting up the phonological category into " systemic " differences (those of inventory	inventory	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The route intersects MD 911 (First Street) and the Wootton Parkway. MD 355 intersects MD 660 (	(	PUNCT	Dodge	PROPN	Dodge
The wooden hulled USS Galena's most novel feature was her armor of interlocking iron rails. The New Ironsides	Ironsides	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Due to a requirement stipulated by the Bhutanese government that all foreign tourists, with the exception of Indian nationals	nationals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When Gretzky was 14, his family arranged for him to move to and play hockey in Toronto, partly	partly	ADV	to	PART	 to
A marina was started in 1979 by dredging the upper harbour and laying pontoons. Light industry and car parks	parks	NOUN	occupy	VERB	 occupy
Scale models, computer generated imagery, and a reconstruction of the Titanic built at Playas de Rosarito in Baja	Baja	PROPN	California	PROPN	 California
From 8 December 1944 to 23 February 1945, the division was assigned to XIII Corps and held defensive positions	positions	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
The Journal of Military History (October 2002). JSTOR 3093261. Neustadt, Richard E. (1954)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
For instance, the subjective point of view shot during the Empire exhibition speech used a close up of the	the	DET	microphone	NOUN	 microphone
Johnson spent most of the 1980s and 1990s as a keynote speaker, fundraiser and spending time on his hobbies	hobbies	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The Government had decided that capital allowances would remain, though there would be some reforms, mostly affecting the	the	DET	leasing	NOUN	 leasing
Canada eventually lost in overtime, earning silver and ending their five year gold medal streak. At the conclusion	conclusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Null has been the focus of controversy and a source of debate because of its associated three valued logic (	(	PUNCT	3VL	NUM	3VL
Fort Driant did not fall until after Patton had successfully taken Metz and the majority of forts around Driant.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Jo Caroll Dennison commented that he possessed " great inner strength ", and that his energy and drive was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Large team sizes are an additional difficulty, due to the Olympics ' set limit of 10,500 athletes and coaches	coaches	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In a 2015 post on the website Reddit.com, Ming stated that this was not true and that he started	started	VERB	playing	VERB	 playing
Later in May he was replaced as lieutenant of Upper Normandy by John Talbot, Earl of Shrewsbury, and	and	CCONJ	instead	ADV	 instead
Although the proceeds did not cover the loan, Vanderbilt insisted the debt had been paid in full. Grant	Grant	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Since the gentle one, the wall of battle, was slain, Since the earth covered Aneirin, Poetry	Poetry	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Its population peaked at 8,615,245 in 1939 immediately before the outbreak of the Second World War, but had declined	declined	VERB	to	ADP	 to
For anti torpedo boat defence she carried twenty two 138 millimetre (5.4 in) Mle 1910 guns, which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
During his second visit to South Florida, Ponce de León was killed by the Calusa, and the tribe	tribe	NOUN	gained	VERB	 gained
The Old National Building is located to the immediate south of Literary Hall across West Main Street. Literary Hall	Hall	PROPN	stands	VERB	 stands
Along with Hillary Clinton, he was one of the few senators who attempted to pressure the Bush administration to	to	PART	clamp	VERB	 clamp
During the redevelopment of the Lansdowne Road stadium in 2007 – 10, international rugby and soccer were played there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Shocked by his words, the other sailors force Dick to listen to Sir Joseph's song before they exit	exit	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Although no deep friendship developed with either poet, Tippett came to consider Eliot as his " spiritual father "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Titanic was only designed to float with any two compartments flooded, but it could remain afloat with certain combinations	combinations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was subsequently produced by Seattle Repertory Theatre. In 2012, a revised / reworked version was produced at	at	ADP	Arizona	PROPN	 Arizona
His position as drummer was filled by Marc Bell, who had been a member of the early 1970s hard	hard	ADJ	rock	NOUN	 rock
The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the	the	DET	Tesseract	PROPN	 Tesseract
The Oscorp Industries website contained puzzles that revealed two in game documents, two video updates featuring Connors and a	a	DET	following	VERB	 following
Training partner and friend Wallace Spearmon took first place with 19.91 s — his time and Gay's 19.93 s	s	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
After passing about 50 km (30 mi) north of Juan de Nova island, Ionia progressed southeastward and	and	CCONJ	approached	VERB	 approached
In quantitative research, statistics are used to draw inferences from this sample regarding the population as a whole.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Khe Sanh actions would draw North Vietnamese forces away from the offensive into the cities, but Giáp considered	considered	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Several frames of character sprite animations were removed to reduce the amount of RAM usage. Most notably, the	the	DET	tag	NOUN	 tag
Carboxysomes are bacterial microcompartments that contain enzymes involved in carbon fixation. Magnetosomes are bacterial microcompartments, present in magnetotactic	magnetotactic	ADJ	bacteria	NOUN	 bacteria
Here Edward was forced to accept severe limitations to his financial and administrative freedom, in return for a grant	grant	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On August 18, 2009, the episode was released as part of a DVD set called The Simpsons:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Field assumed command of " Milne Force ", a task force which exercised operational control over all Allied air	air	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The non supercharged 2.4 L Cobalt SS also lost its Super Sport designation for the 2008 model year and was	was	AUX	renamed	VERB	 renamed
This caused downtown to decline. Developers constructed new residential subdivisions both within and outside the town boundaries to the	the	DET	east	NOUN	 east
" In the song, he states that he would " open every cell in Attica / send them to	to	ADP	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
The form of the poem is that of progression by association, so that the movement of feeling is at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next day, a submarine sighted an Italian fleet 500 miles (800 km) away; the Allied	Allied	PROPN	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Most of the scenes involving cruelty toward animals were simulated. For example, during the Tatar raid of Vladimir	Vladimir	PROPN	a	DET	 a
South east Dorset, including the lower Frome valley and around Poole and Bournemouth, comprises younger Eocene deposits,	,	PUNCT	mainly	ADV	 mainly
The British definitively gained control of Canada with the surrender of Montreal in 1760. The fort, which had	had	AUX	always	ADV	 always
His innovations included bringing in more modern tunes, encouraging congregational singing, and accompanying the services with a guitar	guitar	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The helmet's creation can be dated to the late 2nd or early 3rd century from the use of a	a	DET	particular	ADJ	 particular
Leibovitz said, " Nobody wanted [Ono] on the cover ". Lennon insisted that both he and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
In 1856, Arthur courted Ellen Herndon, the daughter of William Lewis Herndon, a Virginia naval officer.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
From the time of Constantine on, Roman emperors appointed themselves as the protectors of Christians of Persia. This	This	DET	attitude	NOUN	 attitude
" Cross Country Canada defines this para Nordic classification as " Impairment in the lower limbs and trunk with minimal	minimal	ADJ	trunk	NOUN	 trunk
This company, under the joint leadership of Arnold and Allen, captured Fort Ticonderoga and Fort Crown Point.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
[...] ' Discipline ' evinces Reznor's desire for some sort of framework [...] In relative	relative	ADJ	terms	NOUN	 terms
Drowned World Tour 2001 was captured with a 14 camera High Definition shoot. It is presented in an aspect	aspect	NOUN	ratio	NOUN	 ratio
The NASA employees ask Barney to be an astronaut, and when Homer realizes what the proposal entails, he	he	PRON	steps	VERB	 steps
Prior to the 1973 – 74 NHL season, Henderson spoke to John Bassett, owner of the World Hockey	Hockey	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
After the Washington Conference came the Quebec Conference in August 1943. Once again, Ismay attended along with Churchill	Churchill	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The original stadium was by the contemporary capital press described as having " international proportions ". The venue was	was	AUX	planned	VERB	 planned
As the character was never directly referred to by this name, its canonicity is unresolved. Featured in After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
The brand new light cruiser Arethusa had been crippled earlier in the battle and was under fire from the light	light	ADJ	cruisers	NOUN	 cruisers
It includes the US number one single, " I'm Your Angel " (duet with R. Kelly)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He was appointed Minister of Internal Affairs and Justice. The same year he was made a Queen's Counsel	Counsel	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lucas said he originally wanted to use a full time digital Yoda, but the attempts did not work well	well	ADV	enough	ADV	 enough
Just as in nature, a cultivated plant's ' diet ' may include insects and other prey items,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
When the episode was originally broadcast in the United States on the WB network on February 27, 2001,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Dąbrowski always associated independent Poland with a Polish Army, and offered his services to the new power, which	which	PRON	promised	VERB	 promised
Adair oversaw the abolition of the practice of incarceration for debt, and sanctioned rigorous anti gambling legislation. Legislators	Legislators	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
There were no fatalities amongst the 45 passengers and four crew but the aircraft was damaged beyond repair and written	written	VERB	off	ADP	 off
As Zollinger climbed up, his feet sank several times through a thin surface crust into a warm layer of	of	ADP	powder	NOUN	 powder
Both parties agreed to seek the direct intervention of the British government, among which, the British Governor of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As the highway approaches the lake, it makes a curve to the north. There, it intersects with	with	ADP	County	PROPN	 County
Relations between NASA and North American deteriorated over assignment of blame. North American argued unsuccessfully it was not responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
At the opposite end of the parish is part of the 580 acre East Malling Research Station. This began	began	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Bloomsbury invested £10 million in an attempt to keep the book's contents secure until 21 July, the	the	DET	release	NOUN	 release
In the fifteenth century university colleges had been founded at St John's College, St Andrews (1418)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Unlike the United States military, the ADF does not class cyberwarfare as being a separate sphere of warfare.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As the Soviets approached Berlin, Hitler's efforts to organize the defence of the city became ever more meaningless	meaningless	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1813, Louis XVIII issued another declaration while at Hartwell. " The Declaration of Hartwell " was even	even	ADV	more	ADV	 more
Highway 35 begins at a trumpet interchange with Highway 401, and is concurrent with Highway 115 for 18.9 km	km	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Opportunities for female employees of the Fair were limited, and she found the work unrewarding compared to her reporting	reporting	NOUN	days	NOUN	 days
Tourette's was classified by the fourth version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM IV	IV	PROPN	TR	PROPN	 TR
Its final version was released on February 9, 2015, with " Hold Tight " and " Joan of	of	ADP	Arc	PROPN	 Arc
WGBH had never made a theatrical film before, but " decided to try its luck on the big screen	screen	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It's right there in the title, so you'd think they'd realize what they lost when they	they	PRON	killed	VERB	 killed
U. inflata's ability to thrive in a variety of locations that it has been introduced to represents an ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Izsha reunited with Kerrigan following the latter's de infestation and subsequent return to the Swarm. She served as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
During this time he was involved in a dispute in which Equity threatened to expel Laurence Olivier as a member	member	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy, a Death Eater and son of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy (Helen McCrory)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The meeting paved the way for the ban on the NSDAP to be lifted on 16 February. Hitler was	was	AUX	barred	VERB	 barred
He also noted that Kills ' personality, although similar to that of Pink and Lady Gaga, was "	"	PUNCT	enough	ADJ	 enough
The reappearance of these vampires forces Marceline, Bubblegum, Finn, Jake, and Peppermint Butler (voiced by	by	ADP	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
Statutory emergency fire and rescue services are provided by the West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service which operates a fire	fire	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
Meanwhile, the Democrats settled on their nominee, Major General Winfield Scott Hancock of Pennsylvania, a career military	military	ADJ	officer	NOUN	 officer
The knives Arthur throws were actually shot out of a nitrogen gun; James did throw them in a separate	separate	ADJ	shot	NOUN	 shot
Bart's best friend Milhouse Van Houten has a crush on her, but despite dropping unsubtle hints about his	his	PRON	feelings	NOUN	 feelings
It was adopted by the crew of Royal Australian Navy frigate HMAS Canberra as their ' anthem ' in 1993	1993	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Sabina then followed her into the road and was hit by a Volkswagen Polo travelling at high speed; both	both	PRON	survived	VERB	 survived
St Hill possessed a presence which compelled attention when he was batting. James wrote: " Fires burned in	in	ADP	St	PROPN	 St
Today, ancient Taoist thought incorporated into the ancient Chinese religion is one of five religions officially recognized in the	the	DET	People	PROPN	 People
" To promote Enema of the State, MCA Records released three singles in support: " What's My	My	PRON	Age	NOUN	 Age
The only such motherboard the ASTRA group could find at that time was the MSI K9A2 Platinum, which has	has	VERB	four	NUM	 four
In the semi finals, Al Talaba met Al Zawra ' a for the third time in a row and	and	CCONJ	won	VERB	 won
A new command center was established at the city of Kratié and the timing of the move was propitious.	.	PUNCT	President	PROPN	 President
When he died at the age of 78, the Daily Telegraph, Guardian and Times published his obituary,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The couple had two children, but Fanny Workman was not a motherly type; they left their children in	in	ADP	schools	NOUN	 schools
Plans to develop new buildings and road links to the site were challenged by residents four years later; they	they	PRON	believed	VERB	 believed
Climate change has reduced the number and size of glaciers around the world. Many Yosemite glaciers, including Merced	Merced	PROPN	Glacier	PROPN	 Glacier
Two series were announced: StarCraft: Frontline, which is a series of short story anthologies that spanned four	four	NUM	volumes	NOUN	 volumes
Following the war, he devoted more time to Republican politics and quickly rose in the political machine run by	by	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
" Team deathmatch " follows the same principle, albeit grouping the players into teams to do so. Capture	Capture	VERB	the	DET	 the
Their debut album, Talk, followed in March 1981, which reached No. 44 on the Kent Music	Music	PROPN	Report	PROPN	 Report
Affeldt spent the entire 2007 season in the bullpen, where he was used as a lefty specialist. Affeldt	Affeldt	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
Shiva learns that the potion which made his throat turn blue was actually undiluted Somras, which can be lethal	lethal	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
October began with a 1 – 1 draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, after which the team recorded four	four	NUM	straight	ADJ	 straight
However, he criticises it for its episodic content being a " tease ". In relation to the story	story	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Humphrey Carpenter's sprawling narrative, a " complete life ", built on what Stock began; unlike Stock	Stock	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1685 Louis revoked the Edict of Nantes, which had previously granted various rights to French Protestants; the	the	DET	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club commented that " 4 sees [Beyoncé] stretching out vocally, particularly on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The emperor was engaged in a harsh campaign to assert his claim over lands contested by Wilhelm, Duke of	of	ADP	Jülich	PROPN	 Jülich
The 18th century Enlightenment values of reason and science coupled with new voyages to distant lands instigating another phase of	of	ADP	encyclopaedic	ADJ	 encyclopaedic
The local school where she studied in 1931 – 35 has a commemorative plate. In Arkhangelsk, regular shooting	shooting	NOUN	competitions	NOUN	 competitions
In addition to domestic surveillance, the 610 Office is allegedly involved in foreign intelligence. Hao Fengjun, the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
Home Secretary Kenneth Baker welcomed the Woolf Report and pledged to end " slopping out " by 1994, and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
With many 9th century Tang era merchants avoiding the weight and bulk of so many copper coins in each transaction	transaction	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The coastal plain of the Atlantic seaboard gives way further inland to deciduous forests and the rolling hills of the	the	DET	Piedmont	PROPN	 Piedmont
Later another North Korean T 34 tank and supporting infantry pressed to within 10 metres (33 ft) of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Of the whole length from Egersund to Flekkefjord, there are 46 tunnels, totaling 8.8 km (5.5 mi	mi	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Casualties were heavy throughout the squadron, Hannibal suffering more than 140 men killed and wounded and the rest made	made	VERB	prisoner	NOUN	 prisoner
In another world, Willie attempts to help Homer, but is again struck in the back with an axe	axe	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to the 11th century architectural treatise, Yingzao Fashi, the Great East Hall closely corresponds to a seventh	seventh	ADJ	rank	NOUN	 rank
Its skeleton suggests it was a deliberate climber that visited the ground to travel. The diet of Archaeoindris was	was	AUX	mostly	ADV	 mostly
He returned from the DL on April 6, allowing four runs (three earned) in four plus innings	innings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mizuta's favorite song from the soundtrack that he wrote is " Caius's Theme ", which he rewrote	rewrote	VERB	four	NUM	 four
In April, Murray parted acrimoniously from his coach Pato Alvarez, complaining about his negative attitude. Murray then	then	ADV	reached	VERB	 reached
Changeling sits with other late period Eastwood films in which parenting — and, the search for family — is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
During Darwin's lifetime, many geographical features were given his name. An expanse of water adjoining the Beagle	Beagle	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
There were no normal people in it. Everyone you met was a screwball and since that time I learned	learned	VERB	my	PRON	 my
Word of this change did not reach the Prime Minister. Whitlam announced the request for a half Senate election	election	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
While the federal government declined to act, in 1913 the privy council found that the provincial legislature did not	not	PART	have	VERB	 have
Free body diagrams can be used as a convenient way to keep track of forces acting on a system.	.	PUNCT	Ideally	ADV	 Ideally
Researcher Vincenzo Puppo, who, while agreeing that the clitoris is the center of female sexual pleasure and believing	believing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The history class is presided over by Kirana, a radical feminist lecturer who questions everything about Muslim society.	.	PUNCT	Budur	ADJ	 Budur
Shooting test, which requires specific scores dependent on the category of license applied for: For the B and	and	CCONJ	C	NOUN	 C
He was not assisted in his musical development by Bud, his older and better known brother, but both	both	PRON	played	VERB	 played
This system formed as a non tropical low within a pre existing area of heavy thunderstorms along a stationary front	front	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
This planet is currently the closest extrasolar planet to its star ever photographed: the observed separation is roughly the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Just as a right hand does not fit easily into a left handed glove, a right handed phospholipid generally	generally	ADV	can	AUX	 can
... Moreover, Jaws whet corporate appetites for big profits quickly, which is to say, studios wanted every	every	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Raynolds sited and oversaw the installation of dozens of lighthouses in the Great Lakes area, where he served as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game was shown on Fox Sports World in the United States. In Turkey, the match was broadcast	broadcast	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Singer Ajeesh also performed " Yen Iniya Pon Nilavae " live, at the Puthuyugam TV music show " Yugam	Yugam	PROPN	Unplugged	PROPN	 Unplugged
As evidence, he cited the inexplicability of alterations to the theorized roots of both names (represented in the	the	DET	addition	NOUN	 addition
However, brick and concrete structured dwellings received little damage. A number of three story business buildings collapsed during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The highest wind gust was 89 mph (143 km / h), reported in Chincoteague, Virginia.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He taught there as a professor of psychology until he retired in 1979, and was Emeritus until 1996.	.	PUNCT	Asch	PROPN	 Asch
The Writers Guild of Canada has awarded its Canadian Screenwriting Awards to the writers of two episodes. In 2004	2004	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" There have been many alternate versions of this event. One version, which was later portrayed in The	The	DET	Babe	PROPN	 Babe
According to the December 1904 issue of The Baptist Home Mission Monthly, the Baptist Little Cacapon Church contributed one	one	NUM	dollar	NOUN	 dollar
In the case, Mr. Earl was arguing that because he and his wife, in the year 1901,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
Commentators expressed concern about the country's increasing surveillance. In August 2004, the information commissioner, Richard Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Based on this, a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was issued by the JTWC at 0600 UTC. The first	first	ADJ	warning	NOUN	 warning
" He then proposed a plan to tackle crime that included wiretapping, legislation to reverse previous Supreme Court decisions	decisions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tourists can take a walking tour of downtown and locate 17 mermaids while others can be found further afield.	.	PUNCT	Norfolk	PROPN	 Norfolk
He became part of its Syrian regional branch, and actively participated in party strikes, marches and parades.	.	PUNCT	Atrash	PROPN	 Atrash
Early molybdenum steel alloys showed great promise of increased hardness, but efforts to manufacture the alloys on a large	large	ADJ	scale	NOUN	 scale
In November 2011, music blog This Must Be Pop predicted the song as a post Christmas UK hit.	.	PUNCT	John	PROPN	 John
They chose Gillings as the editor, and his fanzine, which had been retitled Science Fantasy Review in 1949	1949	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The governor claimed that the castle also lacked a suitable water supply and accommodation for soldiers, and thus was	was	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
This sacrament, known as Anointing of the Sick, is believed to give comfort, peace, courage and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
The major US contribution came from the work of Henry Nehrling and Theodore Mead, whose hybrids crossed with Dutch	Dutch	ADJ	stock	NOUN	 stock
From 1943 to 1951 Robinson went on a 91 fight unbeaten streak, the third longest in professional boxing history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The film closes with their wedding. Hadas Yaron as Shira Mendelman Chaim Sharir as Aharon Mendelman Ido Samuel as	as	ADP	Yossi	PROPN	 Yossi
" That Billie does not survive the ordeal, however, can be seen as an antithesis to Darwinism in	in	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
She writes that the leading proponents of intelligent design are closely allied with the ultra conservative Christian Reconstructionism movement.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Later in the decade this style, which contained a mix of grunge, punk, metal, rap and	and	CCONJ	turntable	ADJ	 turntable
At about the same time Noether's father retired and her brother joined the German Army to serve in World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
The game was released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Władysław's secretary, Zbigniew Oleśnicki, saved the king's life, gaining royal favor and becoming one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was held in poor conditions for 54 days. Following the fall of Fort St. Jean, the British	British	PROPN	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
The chapel is considered by historian John Robinson to be " one of the supreme achievements of English Perpendicular Gothic	Gothic	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Further complicating the situation, potholes in the Kuito airport strip slowed aid deliveries. Overall chaos reduced the amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Her design was heavily modified by the Soviets and she was completed in 1932. During World War II she	she	PRON	supported	VERB	 supported
In 2011, non Hispanic whites were involved in 72.3 percent of all the births. Minnesota's growing minority	minority	NOUN	groups	NOUN	 groups
On 13 September she shelled Ottoman troops near the ruins of ancient Tripoli. The following month, the Ottomans	Ottomans	PROPN	agreed	VERB	 agreed
Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg (The Welsh Language Society) was formed in 1962, in response to fears that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Contador, meanwhile, described himself as " very happy with how I'm feeling ", though he described	described	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Two 12 inch shells pierced her armoured deck and exploded in an ammunition room at 10: 35. This	This	PRON	started	VERB	 started
Set fifty years after Simon Belmont vanquished Dracula's curse, Harmony of Dissonance focuses on his grandson Juste Belmont	Belmont	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The writers found that they had to adjust the characters they had written to suit the actors, and the	the	DET	discovery	NOUN	 discovery
Mongrels has attracted anger from production company Fit2Fill which claimed the BBC " ripped off " their 2001 Channel 4	4	NUM	sitcom	NOUN	 sitcom
According to Lewis and Kahn, Icke set about consolidating all conspiracy theories into one project with unlimited explanatory power	power	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Times commented on the effectiveness of Mold: " Mold preserves all his pace and break in bowling,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
To ensure the snakes attack the passengers without being provoked, he has one of his henchmen disguised as an	an	DET	airport	NOUN	 airport
Shortz was the first guest star the producers of The Simpsons approached. Long later asked Reagle to make puzzles	puzzles	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The presence of the nitrogen fixing bacteria and the annual accumulation of leaf litter from the trees also alters the	the	DET	nutrient	ADJ	 nutrient
On June 8, 1893, LaBelle and French provided the county commissioners with a complete plan for the new	new	ADJ	courthouse	NOUN	 courthouse
" A documentary about the development of Mojang and Minecraft was released in December 2012. Titled Minecraft: The	The	DET	Story	PROPN	 Story
Of the original land, 230,000 acres (93,000 ha) of prime timberland remained under the tribe's control	control	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A team of five people was formed on September 1998, including Matsuno and the principal persons in charge of	of	ADP	graphics	NOUN	 graphics
Both were released as singles, peaking at No. 1 and No. 3 respectively on country charts;	;	PUNCT	both	PRON	 both
In April 1903, Roosevelt and Burroughs explored Yellowstone National Park and its surrounding areas together. In late 1905	1905	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
IGN's Matt Risley rated " Dinosaurs on a Spaceship " 7 out of 10, noting that it "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
" Furthermore, Aleksander Myshlayevsky published a " List of how many shots were fired from mortars and cannon at	at	ADP	Viborg	PROPN	 Viborg
A prime goal was the building of a reservoir — supplied from the river — on Armidale hill overlooking the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
The creek's source is just under 1,840 feet (560 m) above sea level. There are 14	14	NUM	coal	NOUN	 coal
In another match, Triple H defeated Ric Flair in a Last Man Standing match. The event's card	card	NOUN	consisted	VERB	 consisted
Burger King accredited the reintroduction of the Big King as helping the company regain a limited domestic same store comparable	comparable	ADJ	sales	NOUN	 sales
Saumarez publicly represented the battle as a victory, declaring that he had " compleatly [sic] succeeded in	in	ADP	disabling	VERB	 disabling
" He had " preset notions " about successful development because of the team's good experience with Mega Man	Man	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Its Digital Library section supports a database with more than 25,000 dissertations presented in the university, as well access	access	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Warner Bros. Records hastily wanted to save the album from dropping off the charts, and decided to release "	"	PUNCT	Hollywood	PROPN	 Hollywood
After filing complaints, in collaboration with the Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Beijing University	University	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Perutz's work, inspired by Geoffrey Pyke and part of Project Habakkuk, was meant to test the viability	viability	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mining land in various stages of reclamation also occurs to the south of the stream, on McCauley Mountain.	.	PUNCT	Scotch	PROPN	 Scotch
Developed under the name " Project Mercury ", the Game Gear was first released in Japan on October 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
More " militant " variants of Cornish nationalism however claim that because of historical constitutional peculiarities regarding the status of	of	ADP	Cornwall	PROPN	 Cornwall
No. 486 Squadron was disbanded in October 1998, having transferred its C 130 maintenance functions to Nos.	.	PROPN	36	NUM	 36
This, however, was not able to cope with the shortage of small arms; 1.5 million infantry weapons	weapons	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Cox served as the Director of the National Tropical Botanical Garden (NTBG) for seven years, and as	as	ADP	of	ADP	 of
When Noel subsequently took his turn to record his vocals for " Don't Look Back in Anger ",	,	PUNCT	Liam	PROPN	 Liam
Mary Shelley was born as Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin in Somers Town, London, in 1797. She was the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Gonzaga University and Law School were founded by the Italian born priest Joseph Cataldo and the Jesuits in 1887.	.	PUNCT	Whitworth	PROPN	 Whitworth
If the Hipparcos estimate were accurate, some astronomers contend, then stars in the cluster would have to be	be	AUX	fainter	NOUN	 fainter
" Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half out of four stars, calling it " three quarters	quarters	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is distinctively easier to get around using Armenian than Georgian in this region; indeed, foreign visitors claim	claim	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The ambience of the place presented it as place to relax and enjoy the scenic view of the environs.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 2011, 88% of Year 11 students achieved 5 A * - C passes, and 73%	%	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
Brian Posehn, Ashley Johnson, Scott Porter, Martha Plimpton, Dave Fennoy, Corey Feldman, Billy West	West	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The series ended on March 25, 2010 with a total of 201 episodes. In Japan, Aniplex distributes	distributes	VERB	the	DET	 the
Apte had tried making a film based on the story but was not successful. Sachin Khedekar had seen the	the	DET	play	NOUN	 play
When President Kennedy first chartered the Moon landing program, a preliminary cost estimate of $7 billion was generated	generated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Subsequently, they talked " to the directors and writers of the other Phase 3 movies on an almost weekly	weekly	ADJ	basis	NOUN	 basis
Fort Risban, located on the coast on the Avenue Raymond Poincaré at the port entrance, was built by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Band members Richard Wright and David Gilmour have each cited Wish You Were Here as their favourite Pink Floyd album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The same scenario was proposed for type II DCS recorded after sawtooth diving profiles or multiple repetitive dives. The	The	DET	arterial	ADJ	 arterial
Arriving in London, Irving joined the staff of American Minister Louis McLane. McLane immediately assigned the daily secretary	secretary	NOUN	work	NOUN	 work
In order to compete on the coast the HBC had to take large, long term financial losses. The	The	DET	main	ADJ	 main
At the centre of this suite is the Bow Room, through which thousands of guests pass annually to the	the	DET	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
Nearly detached from the Gulf of Mexico by barrier islands, San Antonio Bay does not support a large shipping	shipping	NOUN	industry	NOUN	 industry
" Anarchist scholar Vernon Richards speculates that were it not for the desire of Freedom editor Thomas Keell (himself	himself	PRON	staunchly	ADV	 staunchly
Gikow stated that the episode they created was an example of the writers and producers ' skills as educators as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
In the earliest section of the first Finnhorse studbook, 105 of the stallions listed were chestnut and only 8	8	NUM	were	AUX	 were
Other scientists caution that this new study has not been confirmed, and point out that Martian climate models have	have	AUX	not	PART	 not
Unlike the television series, it would not be produced by ABC Studios (known then as " Touchstone Television	Television	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Then I would work back to the script and the story and make the movie. " The script was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
20th century artists born or active in the region are Romolo Venucci, Jakov Smokvina, Vladimir Udatny, Antun	Antun	PROPN	Haller	PROPN	 Haller
Webber remained in third, and Hamilton's retirement meant he slipped to fourth. In the World Constructors '	'	PART	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
He has taken part in a number of charity football matches, most notably captaining the winning Soccer Aid 2010	2010	NUM	team	NOUN	 team
Wright coins the term " progress trap " to describe the phenomenon of turning " cleverness into recklessness. "	"	PUNCT	Comparisons	NOUN	 Comparisons
Nydalen also serves as a bus hub. Storo opened as a tram station as part of the Grünerløkka –	–	PUNCT	Torshov	PROPN	 Torshov
From the Jagdfliegerschule in Werneuchen, he detached two squadrons and placed them under the command of Jagdgruppe 20 based	based	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Shortly before Monteux took up the conductorship the autocratic founder and proprietor of the orchestra, Henry Lee Higginson,	,	PUNCT	died	VERB	 died
Beth attempts suicide by using a shard of broken mirror to cut her wrist, but Maggie and Lori manage	manage	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Rock endorsed Reigns ' eventual victory, but the crowd still booed both him and Reigns. The Rock	Rock	PROPN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
The battle clearly showed the difference between galleons and galleys, the transition in warfare, along with the introduction	introduction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He encourages her to go through clearing, and she gets a position doing a similar course at the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Jerzy Radziwiłowicz as Julien Müller. Anne Brochet as Madame X. Bettina Kee as Adrienne, the sister of Madame	Madame	PROPN	X.	PROPN	 X.
She descenced into the aisle and took off the robe to reveal the bodysuit. After being lifted from the	the	DET	tank	NOUN	 tank
On May 16, 1926, he replaced Bughouse Fables with Parlor, Bedroom & Sink Starring Bunky, a	a	DET	strip	NOUN	 strip
Who's just a jerk, and a kind of a loud one. But a fun character. Nice	Nice	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Martin and Hewlett have since spoken negatively of their experiences creating the film. Talalay blamed some of the film	film	NOUN	's	PART	's
She considers classical music training as an asset in playback since it " keeps one's voice fit and fresh	fresh	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
For example, working with a United States based software engineer, RNC produced the T3 (Talking Tactile Tablet	Tablet	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In his third season with the Canadiens, Olmstead won the Stanley Cup for the first time. Earning 45	45	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
It was written by co executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz and directed by supervising producer Stephen Williams.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Humans exposed to as little as 0.01 mg / m3 or less in air exude a foul garlic like odor	odor	PROPN	known	VERB	 known
Production on the second season of Enterprise began on June 24, 2002, on a location shoot for the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In 1915 Muñoz Rivera proposed granting Puerto Rico greater autonomy without requesting independence from the United States, and equal	equal	ADJ	rights	NOUN	 rights
He hoped to finish in the top five. Astana turned in their strongest team time trial performance in the	the	DET	Vuelta	PROPN	 Vuelta
Beharall's pre season preparations were ruined by an injury which made him miss the start of Carlisle's season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Heather Phares of Allmusic commented that Breakout's title expresses its " purpose nicely " though the music was not	not	PART	drastically	ADV	 drastically
Koubek also helped co design Metropolitan Square, a 12 story hotel and office building complex that occupies the entire	entire	ADJ	block	NOUN	 block
Von Kármán put Parsons in touch with Herbert T. Rosenfeld, President of the Southern Californian chapter of the American	American	PROPN	Technion	PROPN	 Technion
American Gangster grossed over $266.5 million worldwide at the box office, with international grosses making up 51 percent	percent	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In response to the U.S. forces, the British sent a force of three warships and 1000 men. The	The	DET	British	ADJ	 British
Speaking upon the change in musical direction, Ewen clarified: " What I'm now doing now is really	really	ADV	me	PRON	 me
The filmmakers went to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and U.S. Customs early on with the script and	and	CCONJ	told	VERB	 told
Only Karofsky refuses to participate, but when he sees the positive reaction the crowd has to the routine,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
" Hearst had never previously accepted roles where she was asked to play herself, stating that it was a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
However, such private schools were often necessary given the large populations and scale of some parishes. They were	were	AUX	often	ADV	 often
However, Croyle's high school career ended abruptly in the first game of his senior season against Glencoe High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
Priscus, however, also negotiated with and assisted Heraclius in the overthrow of Phocas, and was entrusted with	with	ADP	command	NOUN	 command
, was the son of Newark merchant and churchwarden. Ogden began to serve in northwestern New Jersey in 1770	1770	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
When UB 5 joined the flotilla, Germany was in the midst of its first submarine offensive, begun in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
The stand runs along the Borough Road side of the pitch, and is a low rise seated stand with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
For instance, if a line consists of two identical wires that have a resistance of 25 mΩ / m	m	VERB	each	PRON	 each
In feral sheep, rams may fight during the rut to determine which individuals may mate with ewes. Rams	Rams	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eventually Ashley tells David that he wants to die, and David agrees to carry out the killing. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Artists moved from department to department, such as Rodchenko from painting to metalworking. Gustav Klutsis, who was	was	AUX	head	NOUN	 head
Injury to the cervical trachea usually affects the anterior (front) part of the trachea. Certain medical procedures	procedures	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Víðarr does so, and then Loki toasts the Æsir before beginning his flyting. Víðarr is referenced in the	the	DET	Prose	PROPN	 Prose
An abridged version was presented Off Off Broadway in 1978 by Equity Library Theatre. In March 1994 a staged	staged	VERB	concert	NOUN	 concert
Troubles emerged soon after Abu Bakr's succession, when several Arab tribes openly revolted against Abu Bakr, who	who	PRON	declared	VERB	 declared
The fossil genus Nycticeboides lacks the rounded lingual face of the protocone seen in? N. linglom and possesses additional	additional	ADJ	cuspules	NOUN	 cuspules
Of the 56 persons aboard both coaches, 28 were killed, including both drivers. May 13, 1972	1972	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
In February 2002 Fantastic Light was voted the Eclipse Award for American Champion Male Turf Horse in the Eclipse Awards	Awards	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to the main game itself, there is also a competitive battling mode accessible from the menu screen	screen	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Interrogation and beatings resumed in the hospital; McCain gave the North Vietnamese his ship's name, squadron's	's	PART	name	NOUN	 name
The Chongzhen Emperor (r. 1627 – 44) had Wei dismissed from court, which led to Wei's	's	PART	suicide	NOUN	 suicide
Cycling Weekly expected that the race would be dominated by " punchy all rounders ". The riders expected to	to	PART	perform	VERB	 perform
During the 1960s, it was converted into a freeway in stages. Afterwards, it was extended to end	end	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Nora was the fourteenth named tropical cyclone and seventh hurricane of the 1997 Pacific hurricane season. The September storm	storm	NOUN	formed	VERB	 formed
Glasgow emerged as the focus of the tobacco trade, re exporting particularly to France. The merchants dealing in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
Hassett and Australia were in difficulty in the Third Test at Old Trafford. Hassett made 38 as Australia scored	scored	VERB	221	NUM	 221
In the second round, Wanderers and Oxford both scored six goals, defeating Southall and 105th Regiment respectively.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Religious and cultural sentiments were cited as the reason. Microsoft stated, " Microsoft constantly endeavors to bring the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
Two films featuring Olivier were released in 1960. The first — filmed in 1959 — was Spartacus, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The teams then move to a backstage area, and are permitted 10 minutes to study the Bible for information	information	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
This applies particularly to acidic or nutrient poor soils. Other mycorrhizal associates include Leccinum scabrum and Cantharellus cibarius.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Contemporary writers credited Bertram Bracken as director, as do some modern sources, including the American Film Institute.	.	PUNCT	Others	NOUN	 Others
She was further dismayed when James refused to help when the Catholic King of France, Louis XIV, invaded	invaded	VERB	Orange	PROPN	 Orange
The album's third and final single was the jazz funk number " Evidence ", released on May 8	8	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The depression was the first tropical cyclone threat to south Florida since Hurricane Andrew nine months prior, although officials	officials	NOUN	noted	VERB	 noted
Gautama reduces the curse on his " faithful wife " and she is redeemed when she joins the Gautami (	(	PUNCT	Godavari	PROPN	Godavari
Grim Fandango is an adventure game, in which the player controls Manuel " Manny " Calavera (calavera being	being	AUX	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
He became president of the Norwegian League of Nations Society, and although the Scandinavian nations with their traditions of	of	ADP	neutrality	NOUN	 neutrality
This task was essentially consistent with the line expected to be reached by the main thrust of the JNA advancing	advancing	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Service 415 links the Cowhill and Nimble Nook areas of Chadderton with Middleton and Oldham, while services 81 and	and	CCONJ	81a	NOUN	 81a
The next month, he spoke in favor of a bill calling for an increase in the money supply by	by	ADP	allowing	VERB	 allowing
Despite the injury, Bure was allowed to play the next night against the Sharks. He had to be	be	AUX	helped	VERB	 helped
This was to be used in larger aircraft such as the Avro Manchester. Although the Peregrine appeared to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
Producer Kevin Feige first publicly mentioned Guardians of the Galaxy as a potential film in 2010 and Marvel Studios announced	announced	VERB	it	PRON	 it
" Konjam Neram " was shot in segments in Ephesus and Pamukkale. Shooting in Ephesus took six hours.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Micheľ's first UEFA Champions League matches came in the 1998 – 99 season, including Manchester United's 5	5	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Teller was one of the first prominent people to raise the danger of climate change, driven by the burning	burning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
How players perform in each mission is ranked at the conclusion of the level as a grade from " A	A	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Gertie the Dinosaur first appeared as part of McCay's vaudeville act in early 1914. It appeared in movie	movie	NOUN	theaters	NOUN	 theaters
In October 2012, the music video for Coldplay's song " Hurts Like Heaven " was released. The	The	DET	video	NOUN	 video
The list was re opened between 1957 and 1961, when 44 applications were received, of which 15 were	were	AUX	accepted	VERB	 accepted
Adrenarche is independent of ACTH or gonadotropins and correlates with a progressive thickening of the zona reticularis layer of the	the	DET	cortex	NOUN	 cortex
Records of flocks from further south near Mahabalipuram have been questioned. In the 1800s, adjutant storks were extremely	extremely	ADV	common	ADJ	 common
Although he enjoyed college life, he did not find it easy: his Western clothing and accent made him	him	PRON	stand	VERB	 stand
When Comedy Central committed to sixteen new episodes, it was decided that four straight to DVD films — Bender	Bender	PROPN	's	PART	's
Such effects are removed by homogenization from the raw climate record by comparing urban stations with surrounding stations. While	While	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Turkic soldiers were later promoted to higher ranks as commanders and generals. The surname of Li, belonging to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
76Ge is the least common with a natural abundance of approximately 7%. When bombarded with alpha particles,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Norris denied his guilt and swore that Queen Anne was innocent; one of the most damaging pieces of evidence	evidence	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Though the term derives from the humorous (or comic) work that predominated in early American newspaper comic strips	strips	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I 295 was built between the Big Timber Creek and Route 42 in 1958. In 1960, the section	section	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After this point, their mother suckles them with decreasing frequency; they are usually weaned by 16 weeks.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The resulting thirty seconds of footage took weeks to render; the department used every spare computer they could find	find	VERB	to	PART	 to
McCain got the Indian Economic Development Act of 1985 signed into law, and the following year worked on early	early	ADJ	attempts	NOUN	 attempts
The fastest time from either sessions counted towards their final grid position. Schumacher clinched his tenth career pole position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Caught up in the conflict were Caim and Angelus, a human and a dragon who had made a pact	pact	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
This total includes a full complement of 20 essential and nonessential amino acids. Analysis of the free amino acids	acids	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The site is also the burial ground of many who died of cholera during the gold rush years. Chimney	Chimney	PROPN	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
Ultimately, 43 different organizations and people donated $29,000 (USD) to the Vietnam Red Cross. The	The	DET	country	NOUN	 country
On 13 September a token force including a troop from No. 4 Commando was dispatched to West Africa.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Since 1966 the Games have been held each year on the Friday after Spring Bank Holiday. Events have included	included	VERB	the	DET	 the
He has been characterized, according to historian Edward G. Lengel, in many different ways: " charismatic hero	hero	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The largest stunt sequence in the film was the tank chase, which took around six weeks to film,	,	PUNCT	partly	ADV	 partly
They travel to Germany to investigate the murder of a Dr. Schlossburg, whose lab is found to house a	a	DET	mummified	ADJ	 mummified
Diệm's political career began in July 1954, when he was appointed the Prime Minister of the State of	of	ADP	Vietnam	PROPN	 Vietnam
The mansion's stone walls are 2 feet (0.6 m) thick; the individual building stones are "	"	PUNCT	field	NOUN	 field
By 1995, Metrovías took over the Subte under a $395 million plan. Discussions on the need to	to	PART	build	VERB	 build
Gopal says the woman is an impostor, but she and her uncle produce evidence which convinces even Gopal's	's	PART	police	NOUN	 police
Anglo American law generally requires a corporate body to seek official government sanction, usually in the form of a	a	DET	charter	NOUN	 charter
" In March 2008, McCain credited the surge strategy with reducing violence in Iraq, as he made his	his	PRON	eighth	ADJ	 eighth
Meanwhile, pop singer songwriter Cher encounters her biggest fan: Jack (Sean Hayes); and Karen (	(	PUNCT	Megan	PROPN	Megan
After two appearances the evening of June 28, 1967, Mansfield, her lover Sam Brody, their driver	driver	NOUN	Ronnie	PROPN	 Ronnie
The team finished with a record of 87 wins and 36 losses, but finished in second place behind the	the	DET	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
Np (V) is also readily absorbed by concrete, which because of the element's radioactivity is a	a	DET	consideration	NOUN	 consideration
The film also began a revival of the historical epic genre with films such as Troy, The Alamo,	,	PUNCT	King	PROPN	 King
Surtr is attested in the Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the	the	DET	Prose	PROPN	 Prose
It was officially opened to the public as Deptford Park on 7 June 1897. In 1886 he dedicated an	an	DET	acre	NOUN	 acre
The Democrats ' success continued down the ballot. They elected a county sheriff, William M. Lennox; clerk	clerk	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Apart from telecom, BSNL also provides broadband internet service. There are two government hospitals, 34 private hospitals	hospitals	NOUN	&	CCONJ	 &
After graduating from Oregon Normal School (now known as Western Oregon University) in 1932, she spent some	some	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Crudup plays Osterman in flashbacks as a human and is replaced for his post accident scenes with a motion capture	capture	NOUN	CG	PROPN	 CG
The electors of Cardinal Rolando, immediately after proclaiming him Pope, attempted to place upon him the purple mantle	mantle	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
It received a 3.9 / 7 rating / share in the key adults 18 – 49 demographic. The director	director	NOUN	's	PART	's
Ocean produced most of Channel Orange and was assisted by Malay, who also played guitar, bass, keyboards	keyboards	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 19 June 2013, Wizkid and his management were invited by men from the Nigerian Police Force for questioning	questioning	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Actor Tom Wright explained the episode's popularity saying it resounded with viewers because it had no outright moralizations or	or	CCONJ	specific	ADJ	 specific
Salvatori became acquainted with O'Donnell in college; when O'Donnell was given a job offer to score a colleague's	's	PART	film	NOUN	 film
Yar's death in the episode was the result of Crosby asking to be released from her contract, although	although	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
As with electricity, the natural gas distribution network is also now all island, with a pipeline linking Gormanston	Gormanston	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Havelock continued to write about politics, however, and his political and academic work came together in his ideas	ideas	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
EastEnders: E20 was conceived by executive producer Diederick Santer as part of EastEnders ' 25th anniversary celebrations. Described	Described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Foreign policy: Brown remained committed to the Iraq War, but said that he would " learn the lessons	lessons	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Disney chairman Jeffrey Katzenberg commissioned Beauty and the Beast as an animated musical with a strong heroine, and hired	hired	VERB	first	ADJ	 first
A shot of a military commander on horseback addressing his troops appears before the second chorus which again features a	a	DET	guitarist	NOUN	 guitarist
Lashley was selected to compete against Vince's representative, Umaga, in Hair vs. Hair match, a match	match	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
While this was going on, she was being flung between two male hoofers, proving, if nothing else	else	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Aristagoras therefore openly declared his revolt against Darius, abdicated from his role as tyrant, and declared Miletus to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Consequently, the carts were poorly constructed of green wood, and the teams were driven by civilians who were	were	AUX	at	ADP	 at
The first body was found when several people on board a sailboat, crossing under the Sunshine Skyway, saw	saw	VERB	an	DET	 an
It had not fully filled with water when it sank and the increasing water pressure caused trapped air pockets to	to	PART	implode	VERB	 implode
A large French assault at the end of November broke the allied lines, forcing a general retreat towards Genoa	Genoa	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Williams said she knew the rape scene in particular would be controversial, but she felt it was essential to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2001, sociologist Dean Rojek estimated that detainees generally worked six days a week, " in total silence	silence	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The First Test was played on Collins's home ground, the Sydney Cricket Ground and Collins had reason to	to	PART	feel	VERB	 feel
" Jackson's brothers Jackie, Tito, Jermaine and Marlon (credited as The Jacksons) are featured as	as	ADP	background	NOUN	 background
Items that were produced by the company are known as " Duncan glass " or " Duncan Miller glass.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He states the ride is " too intense to take back to back trips. It rattles our nerves,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, beginning in 2005 Square Enix produced a collection of media centered on the game and world of Final	Final	PROPN	Fantasy	PROPN	 Fantasy
Hubworlds operate differently depending on the version of the game being played; the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions	versions	NOUN	feature	VERB	 feature
On September 3, 2003, Take Two officially announced a release date of October 15, 2003 for the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
In " The Substitute ", Terri returns to take care of a sick Will. They have sex,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
C. pallidus can biodegrade the explosive compound RDX (hexahydro 1,3,5 trinitro 1,3,5 triazine), suggesting it might be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The article came to the attention of Charles Kuralt of the CBS TV program On the Road with Charles Kuralt	Kuralt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
There was also a notable group of war poets who wrote about their own experiences of war, which caught	caught	VERB	the	DET	 the
Alucard is also the protagonist of the DLC Revelations, taking place shortly prior to the events of the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These units had been disbanded soon after the war as part of the demobilisation of the Australian military; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
According to New York, a new painting for the album, " The Priest ", was completed by	by	ADP	Condo	PROPN	 Condo
By February 1895, the courthouse contractor considered the courthouse finished. On February 27, 1895, county officials	officials	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
He had been interested in the Ottawa job in 1991, but he chose not to wait for the Senators	Senators	PROPN	to	PART	 to
" Several neighborhood associations opposed rezoning the building, expressing concern that the new building would be used as a	a	DET	hotel	NOUN	 hotel
It also included reconstructions of some of the archaeological discoveries, including a number of Iron Age round houses and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In acute liver failure, it is unclear whether lactulose is beneficial. Furthermore, it may lead to bloating	bloating	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
After its perihelion passage, it reappeared in the morning sky, and developed an extremely long tail. It	It	PRON	extended	VERB	 extended
The tributary Little Mahanoy Creek starts in Frackville and its watershed has an area of 11.6 square miles. No	No	DET	mining	NOUN	 mining
She has been a finalist in the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards on at least four occasions	occasions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Usher goes and dances with her during the chorus. In the beginning of the second verse, the laser	laser	NOUN	scene	NOUN	 scene
Several times the mysterious Boo makes gestures of affection to the children, but, to their disappointment, he	he	PRON	never	ADV	 never
The globe, however, almost certainly spent many years in the Tower before its transfer to Petworth House,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Volleyball, athletics, table tennis and other sports were also popular. The club with most members was PKS	PKS	PROPN	Polonia	PROPN	 Polonia
They had a beam of 22.4 m (73 ft) and a draft of 7.91 to 8.58 m (	(	PUNCT	26.0	NUM	26.0
She derided the show's need to place The X Files logo in the teaser, but ultimately concluded that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The day after the final Arsenal and Chelsea submitted claims for wrongful dismissal of Adebayor and Mikel, respectively,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Mount Hood is Oregon's highest point and a prominent landmark visible up to 100 miles (160 km)	)	PUNCT	away	ADV	 away
When you're working with someone for the first time, there's a kind of shyness that everybody has	has	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
First touched upon by actress Mila Kunis at the 2009 Comic Con in San Diego, the episode was written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Kiedis felt that as a musician, he was becoming somewhat lackluster. The short European leg ended in early	early	ADJ	November	PROPN	 November
The book was first published on 8 May 2007. The book is a biographical monologue by Lois Griffin discussing	discussing	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Jo and Ellen team up with the Winchesters again in " Abandon All Hope... ", where they help	help	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the intervening years of 1975 – 2001, subtropical storms were either named from the traditional list and considered	considered	VERB	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The victory against Charlton was to spark a 13 game unbeaten run for Westley's Stevenage, and a 6	6	NUM	–	SYM	 –
In the 2013 – 14 season, Dover reached the play off final for the second successive season and defeated	defeated	VERB	Ebbsfleet	PROPN	 Ebbsfleet
" ACT UP / DC asked Mason to resign his post if he failed to meet their demands to restore	restore	VERB	access	NOUN	 access
Replying to the inquiries, MacVeagh wrote that there would be no change in the diameter, thickness, or	or	CCONJ	weight	NOUN	 weight
Despite this temporary halt in hostilities, Henry's seizure of the Vexin proved to be a second long running	running	NOUN	dispute	NOUN	 dispute
The " All Africa " record of man eating generally is considered to be not Tsavo, but incidents in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Combined with 36 assists, his 94 points came within two of Art Ross Trophy winner Jaromír Jágr as the	the	DET	league	NOUN	 league
Media in the Eastern Bloc was an organ of the state, completely reliant on and subservient to the communist	communist	PROPN	party	NOUN	 party
This was too large to fit in the Pupin Physics Laboratories. Fermi recalled that: We went to Dean	Dean	PROPN	Pegram	PROPN	 Pegram
Tor's first three novels sold more than one million copies by April 2009. Overall, the Halo series	series	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
During his presidency, Argentina aligned with the United States, and had special relations with the country. Menem	Menem	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
The player character automatically moves to the right of the screen through procedurally generated landscapes. The player taps the	the	DET	screen	NOUN	 screen
After the loss in New Hampshire, Goldwater focused his efforts on California, remarking that it was " the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Despite being designed to fire at trajectories with a steep angle of descent, howitzers can be fired directly,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
In mid September, the V Squadron was transferred to the Baltic, under the command of Prince Heinrich.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
On 17 August, the French capitulated, and were permitted by the Emperor to leave the city with banners	banners	NOUN	flying	VERB	 flying
He was also a member of Canada's gold medal winning team at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Joseph has	has	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1758, Carl Linnaeus gave the great white shark its first scientific name, Squalus carcharias. Later,	,	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
Turkey hosts two of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World: the Mausoleum in Halicarnassus and the Temple of	of	ADP	Artemis	PROPN	 Artemis
In 1975, Dr. William H. Cade discovered that the parasitic tachinid fly Ormia ochracea is attracted to the song	song	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Conyngham was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia, in July 1914 and launched in July	July	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Later on September 29, Norman degenerated into a remnant low pressure area. In anticipation of the storm,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
At this time, the China Meteorological Administration assessed Lucille to have been a stronger system, attaining typhoon status	status	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He was arrested after the Nazis came to power in 1933 and is believed to have been executed in April	April	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In January 2007, M. L. Narasimham of The Hindu included Malliswari on a list of films that have had	had	VERB	an	DET	 an
The council was to meet at the Inn or at Ferguson's home right up until December 1869, when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Moreover, many officers considered America's oil embargo an unspoken declaration of war. With the harsh oil sanctions	sanctions	NOUN	imposed	VERB	 imposed
This is perhaps most strongly manifested in his apparent ambivalence regarding the vow of celibacy required of Catholic priests.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
In the 1774 version, the scene ends with the " Dance of the Furies " (No. 28	28	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
" St Michael's Church is set in a churchyard in the countryside of Anglesey, north Wales, about	about	ADV	1.4	NUM	 1.4
The sound mixing process was supervised by A. Krishnan and Siva Ram. It was processed by N. C. Sen	Sen	PROPN	Gupta	PROPN	 Gupta
The bow and arrow is another weapon that was used by the ancient Maya for both war and hunting.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The investment in creative and cultural industries are considered a significant component of EU growth in the Lisbon Strategy and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In Hindu mythology, Mount Kailāsa is conceived as resembling a Linga, representing the center of the universe.	.	PUNCT	Gaṇa	NOUN	 Gaṇa
Widely distributed across Europe, A. phalloides forms ectomycorrhizas with various broadleaved trees. In some cases, the death	death	NOUN	cap	NOUN	 cap
Spain had claimed ownership of the territory, which comprised part of the present day U.S. state of Texas,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Type Ia and Ib diamonds absorb in both the infrared and ultraviolet region of the electromagnetic spectrum, from 320	320	NUM	nm	NOUN	 nm
In her final episode, " Preemptive Strike ", Ro returns to the Enterprise as a Lieutenant after spending	spending	VERB	a	DET	 a
This last segment in Michigan between M 239 and the state line opened when Indiana completed an 18 mile (	(	PUNCT	29	NUM	29
" Flop Starz " carried several references to the music industry and several genres (the title itself is as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Littleton's artwork is in the collections of museums worldwide, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Museum	Museum	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
These clumps have around two to 30 eggs each with no larvae present. With this said, certain Myrmecia	Myrmecia	PROPN	species	NOUN	 species
The Germans were able to slow the British advance and then launched an armoured riposte. This initially gained ground	ground	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
Released in early 1997, the song " Eye ", which appeared on the soundtrack to David Lynch's	's	PART	Lost	PROPN	 Lost
Ottman used a sample of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Requiem as the basis for the music in scenes featuring Nightcrawler	Nightcrawler	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Perhaps the most obvious housing incarnation of this era has been the council house. These have been a subject	subject	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hill attached ' R ' Company to the French forces to ensure the bridge was not captured. German forces	forces	NOUN	soon	ADV	 soon
In 1955, having shot three films, Cagney bought a 120 acre (0.49 km2) farm in Stanfordville	Stanfordville	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The whole project evidently had Russian connivance, if not actual support, since its success would conduce to the	the	DET	elimination	NOUN	 elimination
The latter was presented at UCLA's Royce Hall. Copeland's role was modified especially for her, and	and	CCONJ	included	VERB	 included
However, in 991, Pietro II Orseolo became the Doge and spent his reign pushing the boundaries of the	the	DET	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
Penguin Putnam wanted to delay publishing the novel in order to release it concurrent with the anticipated film release.	.	PUNCT	Warner	PROPN	 Warner
In addition, Laurent won a number of accolades for her portrayal of Shosana including Austin Film Critics Association Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
However, populations have been declining in many parts of the world. These declines were first noticed in North	North	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
He was appalled to find that the Armored Force's tanks were armed with nothing heavier than a 37 mm	mm	NOUN	gun	NOUN	 gun
In addition to Mad Max and Just Cause 3, " a standalone expansion of theHunter featuring dinosaurs, titled	titled	VERB	theHunter	PROPN	 theHunter
The Royal Adelaide Hospital runs a small scale program that desensitises patients to the ants venom. Patients are given	given	VERB	an	DET	 an
The expedition lacked governmental or institutional support, and relied on private loans and individual contributions. It was beset	beset	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In 2011, the theatre won a British Construction Industry Award Conservation Award. The theatre itself is said to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Because what is very clear is that legislation in the name of " gender equality " does not actually make	make	VERB	men	NOUN	 men
While there's an interesting story which is told really well, you will be left with the lingering feeling	feeling	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The highest position it reached was third, which occurred in its fifth week of release. The largest number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He struggled and found the ripcord and deployed his parachute. Exhausted, he landed in a garden and lay	lay	VERB	there	ADV	 there
His tenure as the first Veterans ' Bureau director was characterized by corruption and scandal. Forbes was considered the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Some evidence of this has been observed in specific eurozone markets. Low levels of inflation are the hallmark of	of	ADP	stable	ADJ	 stable
In 1995, her mother filed for divorce. The following year Dunst began attending Notre Dame High School,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game have sold 1.4 million units. Following the release of	of	ADP	Marvel	PROPN	 Marvel
(1981). Al imārāt al ʻarabīya as šāmila fi Jazīrat al ʻarab. (1983). Mudakkirāt	Mudakkirāt	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
To counter the effects of his several aches and pains, Pinfold has taken to dosing himself with a powerful	powerful	ADJ	sedative	NOUN	 sedative
Compounding the loss of men to reinforce 21st Army Group, on 3 July the 115th Infantry Brigade was withdrawn	withdrawn	VERB	from	ADP	 from
During December 1914, O'Leary saw heavy fighting with the Irish Guards and was Mentioned in Despatches and subsequently promoted	promoted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The French Pierre Joseph Proudhon is regarded as the first self proclaimed anarchist, a label he adopted in his	his	PRON	groundbreaking	NOUN	 groundbreaking
Peart attributes her death to the result of a " broken heart " and called it " a slow suicide	suicide	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
He took over Luo Castle from his cousin Liu Zhang after the people pleaded for his guidance (although he	he	PRON	lost	VERB	 lost
Part of the description includes a series of toasts. The toasts begin with Odin's toasts, described as	as	ADP	for	ADP	 for
Sambandar refers the town as " Kazhi " in his verses. It was called Shiyali during British rule,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Females typically give birth to litters of one to six pups in shallow nursery areas, such as coastal bays	bays	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
After announcing pre tax loss of £22.3 m for the financial year 2001 – 02, the club formulated	formulated	VERB	plans	NOUN	 plans
Marquis also houses regularly themed events and contests. Gilbert's Cafe, a coffeehouse located on the ground floor	floor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 2008 Lethal Lockdown match was the seventh bout on the card, between Team Cage (Christian Cage,	,	PUNCT	Matt	PROPN	 Matt
At this point, it was clear that nurses could not be trained quickly enough to keep abreast of both	both	CCONJ	civilian	ADJ	 civilian
Most of the team at Blizzard Entertainment responsible for StarCraft returned to work on Brood War. Development on Brood	Brood	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
She forbade heavy tilting of the sort that led to the death of her husband in 1559; and she	she	PRON	developed	VERB	 developed
For Smallville's ninth season, Welling served as a co executive producer. He returned as Clark Kent for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also enjoyed seeing Tom succeed with his concert, and claimed the Li'l Sebastian funeral scene was surprisingly powerful	powerful	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
He returned to the stage for a final time in 1745 as Cardinal Pandulph in his play Papal Tyranny in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Garrick also opened the temple and garden to the public on special occasions. Each May Day, seated on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was decided that vampires and their clothes would turn to dust after they died. This was done for	for	ADP	practical	ADJ	 practical
In addition to Stratocasters, Hendrix also used Fender Jazzmasters, Duosonics, two different Gibson Flying Vs, a	a	DET	Gibson	PROPN	 Gibson
Gorman also attended the following year's meeting of the NHA owners in which the final vote to suspend the	the	DET	league	NOUN	 league
The change of command ceremony took place on July 9, 2007, at the Tampa Convention Center. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The film would reportedly feature a scene with Kumar watching a cricket match, but whether the match was between	between	ADP	India	PROPN	 India
Many passengers associated with the gold diggings were unwilling to let go of their gold and money belts, as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The letter describes a council to be held at Brentford to mediate between the kings of the East and West	West	PROPN	Saxons	PROPN	 Saxons
" Despite a lopsided start in the early 20th century, the Terps and Midshipmen were evenly matched for most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
An introduction to Jamaica was made in 1844 in an attempt to reduce the rat population. Despite its failure	failure	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Harbaugh told him that it was Smith's call to make. Smith chose to play, and finished the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
South Pacific countries and dependencies that are more than 10 percent Mormon include American Samoa, the Cook Islands,	,	PUNCT	Kiribati	PROPN	 Kiribati
Informed in advance of the speech but not (until one hour before) the content, Khrushchev and his	his	PRON	advisors	NOUN	 advisors
Despite their efforts to appease the Egyptians, the Ptolemies were challenged by native rebellion, bitter family rivalries,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This left the Hokies available for the Gator Bowl, which picked them on the next day. The Clemson	Clemson	PROPN	Tigers	PROPN	 Tigers
Seeing his mediocre shooting percentages (at that point, Parker only hit 65% of his free throws,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The iliac blades are short and wide, the sacrum is wide and positioned directly behind the hip joint,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Johnson dedicated the championship victory to his best friend Reggie Chastine, who was killed in a car accident the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
" The performance took place in a run down warehouse on the university campus and employed multimedia projection to create	create	VERB	visual	ADJ	 visual
After more than 15 years of off and on development, and approximately $6 million spent in 18 unused	unused	ADJ	scripts	NOUN	 scripts
HD 2039 does not have a common, collaquial name that is characteristic of stars like Sirius, Procyon,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
There, a local merchant named Sa'Sani intervenes on the party's behalf, revealing herself to be the recipient	recipient	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In June 2013, the Belgian national team's first ever Fan Day attracted over 20,000 supporters; a second	second	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
The practice of using names to identify tropical cyclones goes back many years, with systems named after places or	or	CCONJ	things	NOUN	 things
The technique is extremely useful in current laboratory practice because it provides a rapid and inexpensive access to custom made	made	VERB	oligonucleotides	NOUN	 oligonucleotides
It was demolished in 1929. For a thirty year period, the previously popular glacier was mostly unvisited.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The.hack games are set in an alternate timeline of Earth, in the year 2010. After a computer virus	virus	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
Barattes nickname is " Bêche ", which is French for " Spade ", a reference to his career	career	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sumiyoshi was informed by Hyakutake's staff of the postponement of the offensive to 24 October, but was unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
" Many people praised the film's beginning while criticizing the ending. James Berardinelli praised the acting and considered	considered	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Overall, 36 homes were destroyed and 638 others suffered serious impact, while 45 buildings were demolished and 50	50	NUM	others	NOUN	 others
Bridges trialled at a number of clubs before the start of the 2004 – 05 season, most notably Chesterfield	Chesterfield	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This was out of use for many years following the transfer of Royal Mail's activities to the West of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
Other threatened and endangered species found in the region include grizzled giant squirrel, grey slender loris, sloth bear	bear	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Travelling to the Montana Territory, he became a trader and interpreter in the area surrounding Fort Benton. Observing	Observing	VERB	rampant	ADJ	 rampant
This stonework includes fieldstones not usually associated with Michigan highway bridges. The crossing has remained in service since construction	construction	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
He claimed his 20th victory on the night of 23 / 24 September 1943. He added two more victories	victories	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Also working with Eminem on the video included Dennis Dennehy and Chris Clancy for marketing. The final scene filmed	filmed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It is a puzzle as there are no epigraphic records that ascribe any date for its construction. Considering the	the	DET	huge	ADJ	 huge
In 1935, the Alaska Road Commission tried to force shippers to use the railroad, and raised the toll	toll	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Lately, a monster who is believed by the town's population to be this specter has been attacking the	the	DET	village	NOUN	 village
Spring and autumn are both short and highly variable. Edmonton's growing season is from May 9 to September	September	PROPN	22	NUM	 22
As with previous Talbot and Chrysler Europe models, styling of the T15 was the responsibility of the British design	design	NOUN	centre	NOUN	 centre
Banksia canei seed requires stratification — storing at 5° C (41° F) for 60 days —	—	PUNCT	before	SCONJ	 before
Around 1952, the family was taken by the government's Native Affairs Branch to a new settlement called Lajamanu	Lajamanu	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The European shows were a success, and the reformed line up of Bloom, Roeser, Lanier, Jon	Jon	PROPN	Rogers	PROPN	 Rogers
In its decision, the Supreme Court overturned the Appellate Court and found that Florida does have jurisdiction in the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
At the end of the third season, this team disbands. Rejoined by Foreman, House gradually selects three	three	NUM	new	ADJ	 new
The popularity of his work on Sam and Friends in the late fifties led to a series of guest appearances	appearances	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
When the battle started, the British infantry captured all but one of their objectives, but as the brigade	brigade	NOUN	started	VERB	 started
The Sunday Times ranked Carre's 101st (49th amongst state schools) in the Midlands and 750th nationally based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Although similar individual multi episode DVDs were released, it is now exclusively available as part of The Twilight Zone	Zone	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
It finally arrived from Paris in December. Chopin wrote to Pleyel in January 1839: " I am sending	sending	VERB	you	PRON	 you
He concluded that Sirius was receding from the Solar System at about 40 km / s. Compared to the modern	modern	ADJ	value	NOUN	 value
Merriam, a University of California paleontologist who had led expeditions to the region in 1899 and 1900, encouraged	encouraged	VERB	the	DET	 the
It is the eighth film produced by Pixar, and was co written and directed by Brad Bird, who	who	PRON	took	VERB	 took
The etymology of the Lexus name has been attributed to the combination of the words " luxury " and "	"	PUNCT	elegance	NOUN	 elegance
There was also a prevailing concept of fairness, in which practicing or training was considered tantamount to cheating.	.	PUNCT	Those	PRON	 Those
Of this, 34 million pesos (US $2 million) were allocated for affected persons. On October	October	PROPN	27	NUM	 27
Although they progress through the stages in the same order, individuals in different cultures seem to do so at	at	ADP	different	ADJ	 different
As a child, Harvey was teased for his protruding ears, big nose, and oversized feet, and	and	CCONJ	tended	VERB	 tended
Manche Ch ' ol men grew their hair long; they were forced to cut it short upon their evangelisation	evangelisation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Uematsu has stated that he is a big fan of Celtic and Irish music, and some of his work	work	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
A study of 300 plants on Barro Colorado Island found that the heterozygosity at 5 microsatellite loci varied between 0.12	0.12	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Molotov and Kaganovich replaced their launchers with the more modern 1 N mount during the war. A total of	of	ADP	96	NUM	 96
These pleats assist with evacuating water from the mouth after lunge feeding (see feeding below). The dorsal	dorsal	NOUN	fin	NOUN	 fin
" On March 21, 2012, a resolution " condemning Joseph Kony and his ruthless guerrilla group for a	a	DET	26	NUM	 26
Released on February 4, 2010 via Pitchfork Media, the video made extensive use of fur and taxidermy,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
J. H. Dillon of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company had patented a process in which the lead oxide was	was	AUX	dissolved	VERB	 dissolved
Brailsford has commented that this dissipation in his personal life was at odds with his cautious, calculated approach when	when	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The Cubs traded Evers to the Braves in 1914; that season, Evers led the Braves to victory in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The mean flow as measured at Frenchay is 60 cubic feet per second (1.7 m3 / s),	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson authored a dissenting opinion, which was joined by Associate Justices Hugo Black and Harold	Harold	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
" The book has been compared to economic and political pamphlets of the 17th century, which were frequently used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
This became known as the " 30 per cent solution " setting the " Bumiputra quota " for many items	items	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hardenbergh's design was described as employing both Gothic elements and classical forms that preceded the extreme eclecticism that was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
The network was expanded by the opening of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal in 1802, linking to the River	River	PROPN	Trent	PROPN	 Trent
Mohnke arranged for a court martial panel, which consisted of generals Wilhelm Burgdorf, Hans Krebs, SS Gruppenführer	Gruppenführer	PROPN	Johann	PROPN	 Johann
Walters was awarded the Air Force Cross for his " very active part in all operations " and for training	training	VERB	his	PRON	 his
A corrected location was later transmitted as 41° 46′ N 50° 14′ W, but this too was	was	AUX	inaccurate	ADJ	 inaccurate
It should be noted, however, that Shilts himself never claimed that Dugas was the first. In early	early	ADJ	1991	NUM	 1991
He remained on the staff when Hlinka was fired one year later, under replacement Rick Kehoe, then Ed	Ed	PROPN	Olczyk	PROPN	 Olczyk
The York class cruisers lacked a full length waterline armour belt. The sides of Exeter's boiler and engine	engine	NOUN	rooms	NOUN	 rooms
As of the Census of 2010, the population of Cooper was 1,969 people. Five hundred families were residing	residing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Lisa is anxious to hear what the talking Malibu Stacy has to say, but is disappointed with her sexist	sexist	ADJ	phrases	NOUN	 phrases
On December 9, however, Bradburn's superior, commandant general Manuel Mier y Teran, ordered Bradburn to	to	PART	dismantle	VERB	 dismantle
It may have arrived on its island on rafting vegetation from southwestern Africa via the Benguela Current and the South	South	PROPN	Equatorial	PROPN	 Equatorial
Author Walt Morey owned an estate in Wilsonville and after his death in 1992, his widow sold the property	property	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Over the course of the game, a scientific body called the Academy becomes a new technocratic government. While	While	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She was raised as a Roman Catholic in their farmhouse in East Wickham with her older brothers, John and	and	CCONJ	Paddy	PROPN	 Paddy
A 39 point season in 1940 – 41 with only two PIM earned Bauer his third consecutive appearance on the	the	DET	All	PROPN	 All
Arthur gradually strengthened and peaked as a 60 mph (97 km / h) tropical storm on the following	following	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
South Vietnam's Buddhist majority had long been discontented with Diệm's strong favoritism towards Catholics. Public servants and	and	CCONJ	army	NOUN	 army
Even with its traditional pop culture references and flashbacks, this week's episode could not simply keep me tuned	tuned	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Here, DE 896 turns north to form a concurrency with US 301 / DE 71 on Summit Bridge Road	Road	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When he was eventually promoted air marshal in 1948 the RAAF was made up of approximately 8,000 staff, compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Collectively, the pre – Spirit Lake stages are known as the " ancestral stages ". The ancestral and	and	CCONJ	modern	ADJ	 modern
While appearing at a neighborhood festival, Clash was discovered by Baltimore television personality Stu Kerr, who became Clash	Clash	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Dannemann later stated that Hendrix had taken nine of her prescribed Vesparax sleeping tablets. Intended to be taken	taken	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The BSD project was founded in 1976 by Bill Joy. But since BSD contained code from AT & T	T	PROPN	Unix	PROPN	 Unix
Inscriptions from the temple indicate Thiruvarur as the capital of Kulothunga Chola I (1070 – 1120 CE),	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
On Nihil, the guitars were mixed in last. Durante had recently purchased a triple neck Fender steel guitar	guitar	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Since 1980, most Texas voters have supported Republican presidential candidates. In 2000 and 2004, Republican George W.	W.	PROPN	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
He made 41 appearances during the campaign but was not deemed a first choice player by new manager Eddie Howe	Howe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A new service was started on 27 March 2008, with two direct services to Oslo, using larger Boeing	Boeing	PROPN	737	NUM	 737
Roma's matches were all close affairs, winning their ties up to the semi final by two goal margins	margins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Several months later, his doctor confirms that he is cancer free. During the season finale, he is	is	AUX	approached	VERB	 approached
Cox set up royalty agreements to ensure that the Samoans will share in the revenue. In 1988, his	his	PRON	research	NOUN	 research
At first, Magruder's units were behind Stonewall Jackson's column while marching down the Long Bridge Road,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Gibraltar is largely self governed, with its own parliament and government, though the UK maintains responsibility for defence	defence	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Coastal damages due to storm surge amounted to $10,000, and overall the storm caused $52,000 in damages	damages	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
I 69). Additional segments of I 69 north of Lansing were finished in 1984 and 1987. I	I	PRON	69	NUM	 69
He and Meredith are both lost, both lonely, both former screw ups who got their acts together.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
A rare case of character development taking center stage. " Keegan also wrote positively of the conversation sequence,	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
Pulling away from his surrendered opponent, Féretier then fired on Lord Keith, whose captain, Peter Campbell,	,	PUNCT	realised	VERB	 realised
Only a few months later, on 14 December 1861, Albert died at Windsor Castle. During his final	final	ADJ	illness	NOUN	 illness
Reviewers were more critical concerning the game's sound. Although the musical score was appreciated for its overall quality	quality	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Triumph received a brief refit at Chatham Dockyard in October 1908 and was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet on 26	26	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
An exception to the usual European qualification system happened in 2005, after Liverpool won the Champions League the year	year	NOUN	before	ADV	 before
" Gene Lees, writing for High Fidelity, claimed that John Lennon found it " dull ", and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The Western Ganga Dynasty, contemporaries of the Kadambas, came to power from Kolar but in the late 4th	4th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
It publishes news, video, opinion, reviews, events and style. It is known for music charts	charts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ship was protected by a 100 millimeter (3.9 in) armored belt consisting of Krupp cemented armor,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
The Stone is aligned with an aperture in the roof of the Sanctuary so that a ray of sunlight falls	falls	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" The English variety of plum cake also exists on the European mainland, although " plum cake " there	there	ADV	more	ADV	 more
In terms of total earnings, the United Kingdom ($35.3 million), South Korea ($33.6	33.6	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The selection of Førde was tied to its central location within Sogn og Fjordane, as it was within a	a	DET	two	NUM	 two
During the afternoon of September 13, Octave intensified into a major hurricane, a storm with sustained winds of	of	ADP	at	ADV	 at
The episodes collected in the release form the beginning of the series ' mythology, and are centred on alien	alien	ADJ	abduction	NOUN	 abduction
The nightly menu on board included oyster fritters, diamondback terrapin, duck, and turkey. The company built	built	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Angwin used the same strategy as the Miami campaign, tapping the resources of Bryant, Green, and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
Early on August 16, the eye became better defined, although the feature diminished within a few hours,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The posterior cricoarytenoid muscles, the only muscles that can open the vocal cords, are innervated by this nerve	nerve	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These versions will be able to transfer Pokémon to the upcoming Pokémon Sun and Moon via the Pokémon Bank application	application	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The game's soundtrack is best known for " Melodies of Life, " the theme song of the game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These genera are more distantly related to the other nesomyine genera and even more distantly to the other subfamilies of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She had a beam of 18 m (59 ft) and a draft of 6.28 m (20.6 ft	ft	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The election was to fill the vacancy caused by Willis D. Gradison's resignation to become a lobbyist for the	the	DET	insurance	NOUN	 insurance
School attendance in Cameroon is also affected by child labor. Indeed, the U.S. Department of Labor Findings on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Halogens and chalcogens can also form halochalcogenate anions. Alcohols, phenols and other similar compounds contain oxygen. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
As built, the ship was armed with four 12 in (305 mm) 40 caliber guns placed in	in	ADP	two	NUM	 two
They are all essentially identical. To address a complaint from Lycia and Pamphylia about the " detestable pursuits of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two Serbian monks, Damjan Ljubibratić and Pavle, were dispatched by Patriarch Jovan Kantul to Pope Clement VIII in	in	ADP	1597	NUM	 1597
Bush signed the Immigration Act of 1990, which led to a 40 percent increase in legal immigration to the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Thus, the novel pits evolutionary biology against free will. Eugenides sought to find a compromise between these two	two	NUM	views	NOUN	 views
It was released on August 13, 2008, under Vives ' label Gaira Música Local. The album came	came	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Juster feels that his book still has relevance today, although children's lives have changed since 1961: When	When	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The bar was refurbished in 1979. It was designed by Alberto Pinto with bleached wood, Provençale blue and	and	CCONJ	white	ADJ	 white
The designs were then shipped to " pre visualization " to create moving CGI versions known as " animatics "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Umpire Frank Chester, who was also known for his flamboyance and penchant for making himself visible, at one	one	NUM	point	NOUN	 point
Devotional art before the Reformation included books and images commissioned in the Netherlands. Before the Reformation in the mid	mid	ADJ	sixteenth	ADJ	 sixteenth
Most of the treatment of his film's are like documentaries. Haider was co written by journalist writer Bhasharat	Bhasharat	PROPN	Peer	PROPN	 Peer
He was temporarily succeeded by Trường Chinh, who was deposed and replaced by Nguyễn Văn Linh at the December	December	PROPN	6th	NOUN	 6th
Most scales are lamellar (blade like) and attached with a pedicel, while other forms may be hair	hair	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Together with the incisor shaped (incisiform) lower canines (c1), which are slightly larger and also	also	ADV	procumbent	NOUN	 procumbent
The Twilight Saga: New Moon set records for advance ticket sales, causing some theaters to add additional showings	showings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After three days of intense fighting, the battle ended in a North Korean victory. The United States Army	Army	PROPN	's	PART	's
As it neared Marw, Harith's army had swelled to some 60,000 men as the mawali flocked to his	his	PRON	banner	NOUN	 banner
South of the house is a 17th century sundial base decorated with foliage, grotesque heads and festoons. John	John	PROPN	Selby	PROPN	 Selby
Although he played 26 times for Grays in the 2002 – 03 season, scoring six goals, he was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Five shipyards submitted bids to build one of the two planned ships. Three were privately run corporations: Bethlehem	Bethlehem	PROPN	Shipbuilding	PROPN	 Shipbuilding
Of greater concern, Gunson says, is the " deliberate blurring of responsibility for the coup ". The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
During the New X Men story arc " The Quest for Magik, " Anole and his classmates are sucked	sucked	VERB	down	ADP	 down
This percentage is based on the total amount paid including the tax ($23 out of every $100	100	NUM	spent	VERB	 spent
The Sullivan Trail later became known as the Easton and Wilkes Barre Turnpike, a turnpike that connected Easton and	and	CCONJ	Wilkes	PROPN	 Wilkes
And this is just an example, Tolkien points out, of a minor challenge to the translator. A	A	DET	second	ADJ	 second
" For these reasons he relied first on his assistants August Conradi and Joachim Raff to fill the gaps in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It is not enthusiastic about pursuing insects, but very good at catching those it pursues, as the performance	performance	NOUN	table	NOUN	 table
In turn, 1st Canadian Division commander Arthur Currie was promoted to Lieutenant General and assumed command of the Canadian	Canadian	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
This was known only by Jill, who delivered a package to him at the hospital, a videotape in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Income is affected by the reliability of equipment within the plant and also by the availability of the grid network	network	NOUN	to	PART	 to
According to journalist Martin Popoff, the album was less melodic than its predecessors because of its frequent tempo changes	changes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Simon & Garfunkel first burst onto the national scene when their hit single " The Sound of Silence " made	made	VERB	waves	NOUN	 waves
Pairs may indulge in spectacular displays of calling in unison and posturing. These include " dancing " movements that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Its huge range means that the barn swallow is not endangered, although there may be local population declines due	due	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Today some thirty seven individual panels are attributed to him with confidence. Less is known of his life.	.	PUNCT	Art	NOUN	 Art
After the match, Goldust called Stardust " Cody " and Stardust responded by telling Goldust to never refer to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
This process was aided by switching code to languages with better data typing, including object oriented and scripting languages	languages	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He jumps back in the same window when Flanders tells him the PTA has not disbanded. The episode was	was	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
The first production versions of the AMX 30, named AMX 30B to distinguish them from the AMX 30A prototypes	prototypes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tammany Hall regularly threw beefsteaks as political fundraisers, often enough that it was a large portion of beefsteak business	business	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Alex Singleton lost a yard on first down, but ran it in for a 2 yard touchdown on second	second	ADJ	down	ADV	 down
However, the Malayan Internal Security Act 1960 (" ISA ") was passed in place of the PPSO	PPSO	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Prolonged rain, though not typically life threatening, can undermine stamina and ruin supplies. In March 2015,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
He supervised the school's gamelan and gardening programs and became the chief editor of Swaratama. Soegijapranata wrote editorials	editorials	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" Carol Cooper of The Village Voice called Discipline " the most cohesive deep groove album from La Jackson since	since	SCONJ	Control	PROPN	 Control
With the atomic number 115 in the periodic table the synthetic element is also known as element 115, or	or	CCONJ	eka	VERB	 eka
The 10th Sikh guru, Guru Govind Singh (1666 – 1708), is said to have recited the	the	DET	Sikh	PROPN	 Sikh
" Instead he tried to ensure a peaceful transition. In return, the resistance offered full trials for all	all	PRON	accused	VERB	 accused
He made a habit of placing secessionist flags at prominent locations, looking to start fights with pro Union forces	forces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There is continued debate over the missions of Palladius and Patrick but the consensus is that they both took place	place	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He has stated a similar inability to distinguish between the sexes, claiming to only " see an American.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2012, an estimated 14 wolf packs were living in Germany (mostly in the east) and a	a	DET	pack	NOUN	 pack
The cap surface is smooth, slimy to the touch, often opaque when young but becomes partially translucent so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Closing to investigate, the ships were discovered to be a Batavian squadron of two frigates and a small cutter	cutter	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was written by D. C. Fontana and Gene Roddenberry and directed by Corey Allen. Roddenberry was the creator	creator	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Total tuition / fees: $20,660 for in state and $33,446 for out of state Law School (	(	PUNCT	night	NOUN	night
This system of single use equipment is replaced in Reach by reusable and persistent armor abilities that remain with a	a	DET	character	NOUN	 character
Fangraphs ranked him as the 56th best baserunner in baseball history. In November 2013, Kinsler was traded to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In September 2005, it was announced by Billboard that the remix would serve as the music for the ad	ad	NOUN	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
After a series of night engagements between the leading battleships and British destroyers, the High Seas Fleet punched through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Released by his colleagues on New Year's Eve, Tracy interrogates Mumbles and arrives at a shootout outside Big	Big	PROPN	Boy	PROPN	 Boy
In Illmatic, you find the meaning not just of hip hop, but of music itself: the struggle	struggle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the time, Moorer was serving as Commander Carrier Division Six which included the carriers Essex and Saratoga.	.	PUNCT	Triton	PROPN	 Triton
" The band eventually signed a record deal with Geffen Records. When Geffen Records re released the album,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Whether detention is necessary is a matter solely for the executive's judgment. However, the courts can still	still	ADV	review	VERB	 review
Out of the five types of living beings, a householder is forbidden to kill, or destroy, intentionally	intentionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He does a great job of bringing forth these unknown facts. " Ward Triplet of the Kansas City Star	Star	PROPN	felt	VERB	 felt
A complex character, Barnes, "... rarely forgave a slight or forgot a good turn. Stocky,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
However, when Mountbatten proposed to Jinnah that, in all the princely States where the ruler did not accede	accede	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Summoned again in March 1628, on 26 May Parliament adopted a Petition of Right, calling upon the king	king	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They are exposed in cliffs compassing the falls with a narrow sequence of gravel lying above the oldest lava unit	unit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) General James L. Jones it was not the lack of combat	combat	NOUN	troops	NOUN	 troops
On hearing the news of Magnus's death, Harald quickly gathered the local leaders in Norway and declared himself	himself	PRON	king	NOUN	 king
The generic name probably comes from the combination of the New Latin word cephal, meaning head, and the	the	DET	Greek	ADJ	 Greek
Álmos, according to Gesta Hungarorum, was freely elected by the heads of the seven Hungarian tribes as their	their	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
The sea was turbulent due to a strong gale from the northwest and the chase continued into the evening before	before	SCONJ	Captain	PROPN	 Captain
Under Boyd's purview, the Engineering Experiment Station gained many electronics related contracts, to the extent that an	an	DET	Electronics	PROPN	 Electronics
The NA 236 shared some similarities with the XF 108, although the most obvious differences were the additions of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Judges and judicial officers are appointed non politically and under strict rules regarding tenure to help maintain constitutional independence from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The collection was very successful, debuting at number 1 on the US Billboard Top Music Video chart. The	The	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Johnson maintained his lead at the lap 371 restart and was followed by Earnhardt, Hamlin, Kurt Busch and	and	CCONJ	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
On Frederick's death in 1250, Innocent started to look for a new ruler, one more amenable to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The calf nurses for three years, although lactation usually lasts longer, allowing for extensive mother calf bonds.	.	PUNCT	Short	ADJ	 Short
The " fraud " referred to is the denial of the existence of the trust by the intended trustee of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Furthermore, the crew was not otherwise well prepared for close action, lacking axes, lances, and other	other	ADJ	tools	NOUN	 tools
Hardy lived on his own until 2004 when his legs weakened and he found it almost impossible to walk.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The three episodes of series two were the three most watched programmes on iPlayer, the BBC's video on	on	ADP	demand	NOUN	 demand
He stated in an interview that he began thinking of " when was it that I felt I was really	really	ADV	myself	PRON	 myself
Fleming also used historical references for some of his names and Marc Ange Draco's name is based upon that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
In the end, Sorkin apologized to Cleveland. Cleveland and Sorkin also won the Writers Guild of America Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
MDOT was seeking to rebuild the streets to improve the downtown area around the State Capitol, adding decorative sidewalks	sidewalks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By 1636, under the leadership of the Arminian Archbishop of Canterbury William Laud, the English church was trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
On Hitler's behalf, Himmler formed the Einsatzgruppen and built extermination camps. As facilitator and overseer of the	the	DET	concentration	NOUN	 concentration
Fishing grew in importance on the island during this time, with numerous fish weirs being installed. During the	the	DET	16th	ADJ	 16th
The ship saw extensive service during the First World War; she was present at the Battle of Heligoland Bight	Bight	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Fourth Amendment case law deals with three central questions: what government activities constitute " search " and " seizure	seizure	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Fruit bodies of S. coccinea may grow either solitarily, scattered or grouped together on sticks, twigs, and	and	CCONJ	fragments	NOUN	 fragments
The specific epithet vulpinus is derived from the Latin vulpes meaning " fox ", and in some older literature	literature	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The titles made their debut on 18 March 2010. A new set of opening titles made their debut on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
The unit was in action on D Day over Pointe du Hoc and, later, clearing a corridor for	for	ADP	Allied	PROPN	 Allied
Two days later, Keith was suspended five games for his hit by the League. Sidelined for the remainder	remainder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1932 at the Julien Levy Gallery in New York, the price of Kertész's proofs was set at	at	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
Lam's name appears as part of the title of the original video. Contrary to reports in Western media	media	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While mindful of tyranny, delegates of the Constitutional Convention thought that the single executive would be more effective in	in	ADP	responding	VERB	 responding
" Concluding that " Villains are often the most memorable characters in a Disney animated film, " Roger Ebert	Ebert	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
In 2011, WSDOT calculated that the busiest section of SR 513 was within the University of Washington campus,	,	PUNCT	serving	VERB	 serving
Leslie Crusher was considered as a boy named Wesley prior to the casting call; the gender change was later	later	ADV	made	VERB	 made
In 1793 Bashō was deified by the Shinto bureaucracy, and for a time criticizing his poetry was literally blasphemous	blasphemous	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The route has been progressively widened and extended south since then. During the 1980s, the freeway was extended	extended	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Sometime after Edinorog was completed, an armored ring, 5 inches (127 mm) thick and 15 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
A first, quick look by scientists indicates that this specimen might represent a new species of Archaeopteryx. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He resigned in 1990, saying he wasn't earning his keep, but most observers blamed it on his	his	PRON	uneasy	ADJ	 uneasy
Throughout October 25, banding features developed and the upper level outflow became better established. In response to a	a	DET	ridge	NOUN	 ridge
He kept religious tracts in his shirt pocket where he had previously kept his rabbit's foot, and he	he	PRON	often	ADV	 often
They concluded a truce, which was to last " from the feast of St Martin until the feast of	of	ADP	St	PROPN	 St
Figs. 8, 9, 10 and 39 show White tailed Ptarmigans, of the Rocky Mountains, in	in	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
Downtown Cleveland is centered on Public Square and includes a wide range of diversified districts. Downtown Cleveland is home	home	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The unusually long text, of four lines for the A section and two for the B section, results	results	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Patton would command the Seventh Army in the Sicily landings during the summer, and the 45th would be the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Heavy rainfall on Saint Lucia destroyed about 15% of its yearly banana crop. Damage was heaviest on Martinique	Martinique	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
First made downloadable on 20 February 2008, the series of podgrams is a collection of Fry's writings,	,	PUNCT	speeches	NOUN	 speeches
In 2015, Racz held the designation of Professor and Chairman Emeritus, Director of Pain Services for Texas Tech	Tech	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
The British Olympic Association, in its successful bid for the 2012 Olympic Games in London, recognised Dover's	's	PART	Games	PROPN	 Games
The reactor required an enormous amount of graphite blocks and uranium pellets. At the time, there was a	a	DET	limited	ADJ	 limited
" Jenny Valentish from Time Out awarded the show in Melbourne five stars, calling Gaga " a phenomenal singer	singer	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Although it lost usefulness for average and long distances, the National Roads system has acquired municipal interest: EN13	EN13	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
The American robin begins to breed shortly after returning to its summer range. It is one of the first	first	ADJ	North	PROPN	 North
The fort housed a garrison of 250 soldiers, and was the residence of the governor of the Province of	of	ADP	Cumaná	PROPN	 Cumaná
Many similar experiments were pursued by Dziga Vertov in his 1931 Entuziazm and by Chaplin in Modern Times, a	a	DET	half	NOUN	 half
Although the ontological argument may have been implicit in the works of Greek philosophers such as Plato and the Neoplatonists	Neoplatonists	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The story then shifts to one of Ippo's sempai, Masaru Aoki, who has been boxing for a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
" Total Film observed, " Hidden sounds lead to haunted rooms and tedious occult mythology ". Blackburn directed	directed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Southsea Common was bought by Portsmouth City Council in 1922 and turned into a park, while the west battery	battery	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In search of broader support, Paraná appointed as ministers politicians who had few, or no, links to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Odubade signed for Conference Premier side Stevenage on a free transfer in May 2009. He made his debut for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later, destroyer Meade approached and opened fire on the beached transports and surrounding area. These attacks set the	the	DET	transports	NOUN	 transports
Following the loss of much of Japan's aircraft carrier fleet by 1943, a proposal was floated that would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
For years, Carey's albums had consisted of slow and meaningful ballads, devoid of any guest appearances or	or	CCONJ	hip	NOUN	 hip
Feudal obligations, by which knights held castles and estates in exchange for service, provided troops on a 40	40	NUM	day	NOUN	 day
He had become disgusted by the massive loss of life during the war and was unable to reconcile to it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Młynarczyk was in such bad shape that he was unable to carry his own bags; Smolarek took them for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
During next days, Madonna performed " Hung Up " on TV shows such as Wetten, dass..?	?	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The highways head due east from the state line for seven miles (11 km) before coming to an	an	DET	intersection	NOUN	 intersection
Morison signed a new 2 ½ year contract with Millwall on 5 February 2011, ending transfer speculation about his	his	PRON	long	ADJ	 long
Later attacks got so close that the artillery could not fire without hitting British positions. A platoon was overrun	overrun	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chrono Trigger was also ported to mobile phones, Virtual Console, the PlayStation Network, iOS devices, and	and	CCONJ	Android	PROPN	 Android
The first Jewish newspaper published in Cincinnati was the English language The Israelite, established on July 15, 1854	1854	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Barry dissipated on June 2. In Florida, the rainfall resulted in slick roads, which caused two traffic	traffic	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
Brachiopods have a lophophore, a coiled, rigid cartilaginous internal apparatus adapted for filter feeding, a feature shared	shared	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Each of these plates is flanked by a pair of mesenteries. The septa are secreted by the mesenteries,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Unfortunately, the final script doesn ’ t seem to be a true horror story or the whimsical character study	study	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The NME also placed the track at number 33 in their single of the year list for 2000. Yahoo	Yahoo	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
Over oxidation of this cysteine residue in peroxiredoxins inactivates these enzymes, but this can be reversed by the action	action	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The battle was militarily insignificant, but had an enormous political impact. Travis had succeeded in buying time for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
For their support for the Church and local communities, as well as for their philanthropic efforts, Pope John	John	PROPN	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
She visited many schools, hospitals and gaols and encouraged both Indian and British colonial administrators to improve and fund	fund	VERB	these	PRON	 these
He contrasted the retro, fan made After the Sequel with Sega's efforts to create high quality 3D titles	titles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Boangi and Likeli peoples were forcibly resettled closer to the post at Bosow and in 1903 Abir troops intervened	intervened	VERB	to	PART	 to
He was tasked with conducting the ship's shakedown cruise, which lasted from 26 March to the middle of	of	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The offensive struggles continued into the second half with neither team scoring any points in the third quarter. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
If Betelgeuse were at the center of the Solar System, its surface would extend past the asteroid belt,	,	PUNCT	possibly	ADV	 possibly
Pik Wan Road and Lin Tak Road were also built in 1992 to facilitate transport to newly built areas higher	higher	ADJ	up	ADP	 up
The main camp was located at Castle Mountain, and was moved to Cave and Basin during winter. Much	Much	ADJ	early	ADJ	 early
The album, her first studio release since 2004's It's About Time, was released by Island Records	Records	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Sony Computer Entertainment published The Last of Us on June 14, 2013 for the PlayStation 3. The three	three	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
According to the sheet music published on Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing, the song is written in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cinematics are used to show Samus ' memories to move the story forward and to keep the plot open for	for	ADP	interpretation	NOUN	 interpretation
Dain and Jessica are instantly attracted to the other, though each seeks to hide their feelings. Dain has	has	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
By 1940, Leslie decided his prototype was ready to market, and went to the Hammond Organ Company to	to	PART	demonstrate	VERB	 demonstrate
Teller made valuable contributions to bomb research, especially in the elucidation of the implosion mechanism. He was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Although contained within a single stage set, the production was lavish, with 300 men employed to manipulate the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
It was initially thought that the depression would become a tropical storm before landfall but the winds failed to increase	increase	VERB	above	ADP	 above
S. Saraswathi of Rediff gave the film 3 stars out of 5 and concluded, " Velaiyilla Pattathari [sic	sic	X	]	X	]
On June 18, 1913 a fire burned down most of the building, forcing a new building to be	be	AUX	rebuilt	VERB	 rebuilt
Although she had published in many fields, her expertise was in bankruptcy. In the field of bankruptcy and	and	CCONJ	commercial	ADJ	 commercial
Victoria disliked the trips; the constant round of public appearances made her tired and ill, and there was	was	VERB	little	ADJ	 little
Only the Federal government has the authority to limit the powers of a tribal government, and a non Indian	Indian	PROPN	's	PART	's
Moss was twice widowed, most recently to General William Henry Ashley. Moss was Crittenden's wife until his	his	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
The structure factor is a complex number containing information relating to both the amplitude and phase of a wave.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
During this time he met Florencio Varela and Domingo Faustino Sarmiento. During the 1848 revolution, San Martin left	left	VERB	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
However, the pitch was slightly slower than others in the series, and Larwood was suffering from problems with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The house was looted and burned when the Royalist left and marched south towards Oxford; meeting parliamentary forces at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The magnetic field in the barrier reaches up to 40 nT. The magnetotail continues up to ten radiuses from the	the	DET	planet	NOUN	 planet
Freuchen accompanied the production not only as an actor, but as an interpreter as well. The start of	of	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
The Royal Horse Artillery employed the 13 pounder, while the Royal Field Artillery used the 18 pounder gun.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
The Beau Brummels had taken their name from a term for an excessively well dressed person. The group liked	liked	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The remnants of the powerful typhoon eventually dissipated on October 26. Thousands of people evacuated from northern areas of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" We needed someone to play keyboards for a song I did with Gavin Christopher. We called someone and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Rolling Stone critic Peter Travers gave Begin Again three out of four stars, praising the " subtle magic "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
While carrying a Tellarite Ambassador to a conference on Babel One, the ship is diverted due to attacks on	on	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
The video game Myst tells the story of a special book which serves as a link to a world known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Immigrating to the United States in 1885, he eventually settled in Palm Springs, California in 1903. With	With	ADP	an	DET	 an
As NASA notes in its news article on the June 2010 findings: " To date, methane based life	life	NOUN	forms	NOUN	 forms
" Enter Sandman " was acclaimed by critics. Chris True of Allmusic declared it " one of Metallica ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
In the book, Cochrane considers justice for animals to be " about recognising that the treatment of animals is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Only 500 ghilman under Bishara the Ikhshidid remained steadfast and held firm against the assault, while the Banu Kilab	Kilab	PROPN	simply	ADV	 simply
The proposal for US 666 would extend to Richfield via upgrades to State Route 95 and State Route 24.	.	PUNCT	UDOT	PROPN	 UDOT
The ceiling of the chancel consists of a stone lierne vault with almost 70 carved bosses dating from the 14th	14th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Red Dead Redemption (2010) inspired the team to add more vegetation to " break up the hard edges	edges	NOUN	[	X	 [
Murray was later asked to account for his role in this adventure - but steadfastly claimed (as did Muselier	Muselier	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The colony was formally called French Sudan from 1890 until 1899 and then again from 1921 until 1958, and	and	CCONJ	had	VERB	 had
An athletic all rounder with devastating bowling analyses, he was regarded as one of the finest young cricketers in	in	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
MythBusters also pointed out that conventional weaponry, such as flaming arrows or bolts from a catapult, would have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The stunt also commemorated the 75th anniversary of the incandescent light bulb. Pennsylvania steam locomotive 1361 was placed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Empire magazine ranked The X Files ninth best TV show in history, further claiming that the best episode was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Parts of the Outer Banks received 2 – 5 inches (50 – 125 mm) of rain and winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Both factions, with groups aiming at major supremacy, collaborated with the corresponding political forces in Russia, deepening	deepening	VERB	the	DET	 the
NY 36 was extended again, this time southwestward to Andover, in the early 1940s, but was realigned	realigned	VERB	just	ADV	 just
In 1865 Spruyt was declared insolvent, and he subsequently moved back to the Transvaal. Here the government of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Roberts scored 53 points in 1999 – 2000 before leaving Carolina as a free agent. Returning to Canada,	,	PUNCT	Roberts	PROPN	 Roberts
In the first days of his presidency, De la Rúa sent a bill to the Congress to request a	a	DET	federal	ADJ	 federal
The outside wall of the peridium, the ectoperidium, is covered with tufts of fungal hyphae that resembles shaggy	shaggy	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Crush and other physical injuries cause damage to muscle cells directly or interfere with blood supply, while non physical	physical	ADJ	causes	NOUN	 causes
Edward was born and raised in a large stone house called " Fairfield ", whose location is now within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
The team was formed in August 1995 when Scott Antol signed a WCW contract and was placed with " tag	tag	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
The WFDB consists of independent diamond bourses in major cutting centers such as Tel Aviv, Antwerp, Johannesburg and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
He further offered to halt shooting if Söderbaum became ill. Harlan later reported that Söderbaum was so upset by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
For example, the European Union has prescribed an indicative renewable energy target of 12 per cent of the total	total	ADJ	EU	PROPN	 EU
In January 2010 it was announced that Sorensen had quit the role of Declan and the decision to recast was	was	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
The variable parts of an antibody are its V regions, and the constant part is its C region.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
With the hurricane situated to the southwest of the Hawaiian Islands, Hurricane Hunters conducted several weather reconnaissance missions into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition, 150 Australians served with the Balkan Air Force, principally in No. 148 Squadron RAF.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The video was shot in July 1986 and was released in December 1986. It was produced by David Naylor	Naylor	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Emulating his Russian idols, Berkman tried to make a bomb, but when that failed, he went to	to	ADP	Pittsburgh	PROPN	 Pittsburgh
Pongsona produced a storm surge of up to 6 m (20 ft) at some locations, with 3	3	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Reviewers have also cited Iori as one of the best characters from the games, labeling him as a veteran	veteran	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
Close relatives of the human malaria parasites remain common in chimpanzees. Some evidence suggests that the P. falciparum malaria	malaria	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
... It seems likely what they're doing is putting a very cautious interpretation of strong data. " On	On	ADP	26	NUM	 26
Eggs are laid about 14 days after mating. In the northern population, breeding takes place during the dry	dry	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
The alert advised included residents to " go to shelter immediately ". Localities elsewhere between Broome and Whim Creek	Creek	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Such a demanding schedule, coupled with poor food and little sleep, likely doomed Juba to his early death	death	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Their shells felt short and the two ships turned to port in pursuit, cutting in front of the battlecruiser	battlecruiser	NOUN	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
WSDOT widened SR 18 to four lanes and added new interchanges between SR 167 and the Green River within Auburn	Auburn	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Shell broaches cost more initially, but save the cost overall if the broach must be replaced often because the	the	DET	pilots	NOUN	 pilots
Elwood began a large scale trial of aspirin as a preventive drug for heart attacks. Nicholas Laboratories agreed to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
", a reference to the British singer. Brad Bird, an American director who has worked as executive	executive	ADJ	consultant	NOUN	 consultant
In the general election against Democratic opponent Howard J. McMurray, McCarthy won 61.2% to Democrat McMurray's 37.3	37.3	NUM	%	NOUN	%
There is an intersection with a local road, and the highway begins to turn to the northwest. The	The	DET	elevation	NOUN	 elevation
It has sold 800,000 copies as of May 2014. The Windows PC version has sold over 150,000 copies according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Since the nuclear pores are located in an area of high traffic, they play an important role in the	the	DET	physiology	NOUN	 physiology
For Murray, the episode was " saved " by its small touches, such as when Alice is finally	finally	ADV	convinced	VERB	 convinced
West said in an interview that all of the album's songs had already been written and the title "	"	PUNCT	Something	PRON	 Something
ESPN, NBADraft.net, and DraftExpress.com projected him to be a possible mid to late second round selection. He	He	PRON	worked	VERB	 worked
On 12 May 1926, aboard the airship Norge with Lincoln Ellsworth and Umberto Nobile, Amundsen flew over the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
" My film 10 is a couple of years old now, " explains Kiarostami to film students, "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The 1993 budget contained similar provisions, ruling out the possibility of an income tax, as suggested by one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The rest of Bruxner's parliamentary career was to be on the opposition benches, due largely to the disintegration	disintegration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Following the match against Paris Saint Germain, he was demoted back to amateur level where he played concurrently with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Opel Ampera is eligible to several subsidies and tax breaks available for plug in electric vehicles in several European	European	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
The context that prompted McKellen's decision – overriding any concerns about a possible negative effect on his career –	–	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
He later changed his stance on pacifism and joined the British Army, and as a 2Lt. of the	the	DET	8th	ADJ	 8th
This change was approved by the Highway Commission on August 19, 1952. On July 6, 1964,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 39 mph (63 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The Mendip district was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 and the district council is	is	AUX	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
Later in the year he also scored in victories over Norway and Ireland. He played in all four games	games	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The standardisation measures undertaken by both Urie and Maunsell were soon vindicated by the fact that tenders and other parts	parts	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Detention orders must be reviewed at least once every 12 months by an advisory board which thereafter makes its recommendation	recommendation	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In the last verse, Yankovic substitutes the term " penis " with euphemisms like " wiener " and "	"	PUNCT	Mr.	PROPN	 Mr.
He also carried out studies on education and on human behavior, in a social science tradition. Some of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Woods also related how Hewett would chew on a toothpick, which he always had in his mouth when fielding	fielding	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
On the June 16 episode of Raw, Cena defeated Kane in a stretcher match to qualify for the ladder	ladder	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
" In 2005, Pitchfork Media ranked the album the 84th best of 2000 2004. Herren was overwhelmed with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ruyl also translated Matthew in 1612 to Malay language (first Bible translation to non European language, only a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Barry N. Malzberg (December 1968 – April 1969). Ted White (June 1969 – January 1979)	)	PUNCT	Elinor	PROPN	 Elinor
The science fictions of Shonku are presented as a diary discovered after the scientist had mysteriously disappeared. Ray also	also	ADV	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The only primordial elements rarer than thorium are thulium, lutetium, tantalum, and rhenium, the odd numbered	numbered	ADJ	elements	NOUN	 elements
In 1919 the ground became the home of Manchester's oldest rugby club, Manchester Football Club. When Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	F.C.	PROPN	 F.C.
Sometimes entire stuffed birds were used to make hats. Numbers largely recovered early in the twentieth century mainly due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
A ship with its main battery placed along the center of the ship can focus the same amount of fire	fire	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He was promoted to lieutenant in January 1907 and in October 1913 began the three year officer training programme at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
" John R. Lott has argued that " gun control laws have failed to deliver as promised, " noting	noting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
After two trials, the defendants were found not guilty in 1883. In his first year in office,	,	PUNCT	Hayes	PROPN	 Hayes
The first intersection with another highway that US 412 comes to is with US 281 at Bouse Junction. East	East	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Having learned the truth about Dexter's identity, Arthur (John Lithgow) confronts Dexter (Michael C. Hall	Hall	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Two of the five movements, in the same hand that had copied the score of " Climbing over rocky	rocky	ADJ	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
The highway was later straightened in segments in the late 1950s by the Department of Highways before becoming SR 305	305	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Daniel Ricciardo produced a clean lap to qualify between the two Ferraris in fourth place, behind Sebastian Vettel.	.	PUNCT	Behind	ADP	 Behind
However, when club management heard of this change, they threatened to cancel the group's appearance if Ballard	Ballard	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In his last years, he published a book on a topic of especial interest to him, The History	History	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1954, the sitios of Mahaba, Angomon, Solocan, Kapanranan, and Yabawon were consolidated into the	the	DET	barangay	NOUN	 barangay
" 14.Qc1 Here, Soltis writes that Black could maintain equality by keeping the symmetry: 14... Qc8 15.Bh6	15.Bh6	NUM	Bh3	NOUN	 Bh3
The Glamis road opened in August 1958, and the road from Glamis to Palo Verde was under construction at	at	ADP	that	DET	 that
The windows still have their clear leaded glass but are now boarded up. There are no windows on the	the	DET	south	ADJ	 south
Due to her love for him, Otae willingly joins Gonbe despite being a pure soul. However, due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The woman's husband is of a jealous nature and when Ellen gives him the money, he asks if	if	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Gygax learned about H. G. Wells ' Little Wars book for play of military miniatures wargames and Fletcher Pratt's	's	PART	Naval	PROPN	 Naval
GQ subsequently issued an apology. In 2007, she won a libel suit against Grazia magazine after it claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Success instead came in the Inter Cities Fairs Cup, as Leeds knocked out Sarpsborg (Norway), Dynamo	Dynamo	PROPN	Dresden	PROPN	 Dresden
The switch in positioning is made just east of the state line, where VT 346 crosses over the waterway	waterway	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Whatever the case, the ecclesiastical activities of his immediate descendants, especially the foundations and endowments of Ragnall himself	himself	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
" It is also alleged that the real reason behind the Nazi denouncement was due to the high ranking members	members	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Other of Azazel's psychic children introduced in the episode were the heart stopping Lily, portrayed by Jessica Harmon	Harmon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, Erlewine — the website's senior editor — claimed that New York Dolls	Dolls	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Since the publication of Cullen's and Farson's books, other Ripper authors have argued that their theories are	are	AUX	based	VERB	 based
Drake pursues Lazarevic and then discovers the key to Shambhala, but the train they are traveling on explodes,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
In 2014, the Parties to the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider	Wider	PROPN	Caribbean	PROPN	 Caribbean
Other passengers ripped the door of a nearby railway storeroom from its hinges, to serve as a makeshift stretcher	stretcher	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Doyle imitated a didgeridoo by playing guitar with a wah wah pedal. Tony Catterall of The Canberra Times praised	praised	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
She is a vegetarian, feminist, environmentalist and a supporter of gay rights, and the Free Tibet movement	movement	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The F 4N (updated F 4Bs) with smokeless engines and F 4J aerodynamic improvements started in 1972 under	under	ADP	a	DET	 a
His rapping ability has been noted as " polarizing ", and has contributed to him being named one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, owing to the same problems which plagued the release of the album (namely, Taylor's inability	inability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Scarlett is widowed when Charles dies from a bout of pneumonia and measles while serving in the Confederate Army.	.	PUNCT	Scarlett	PROPN	 Scarlett
Based on Tracy Letts's Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name, Streep received positive reviews for her	her	PRON	portrayal	NOUN	 portrayal
Due to this, " Gangnam Style " soared from number 20 to number one on the October 20,	,	PUNCT	2012	NUM	 2012
The Protomateria is eventually ripped from his body by Rosso the Crimson, leading to Vincent being unable to control	control	VERB	Chaos	PROPN	 Chaos
According to Muslim tradition, Muhammad's wife Khadija was the first to believe he was a prophet. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The RNLAF Apaches are equipped with the Apache Modular Aircraft Survivability Equipment (AMASE) self protection system to counter	counter	VERB	infrared	VERB	 infrared
Smith and Combs operated the newspaper until 1858, when they sold it to James Parsons; he in turn	turn	NOUN	sold	VERB	 sold
Cox sold his remaining interests to the Alloa Shipbuilding Company, (later Metal Industries Group) and retired as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Calves are born precocial, needing to be able to swim to the surface at the moment of their birth	birth	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On her outward voyage in August 1913, Karluk, a brigantine formerly used as a whaler, became trapped	trapped	VERB	in	ADP	 in
There are football teams in the valley including Chew Valley Football Club and Bishop Sutton F.C.. The rugby club	club	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Morris's article provoked a strong reaction from its readers; letters of support flooded into his home. Morris	Morris	PROPN	envisioned	VERB	 envisioned
It was reported in a Japanese newspaper that he had lost all his money on the Yokohama silver exchange.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
A notice beneath the picture read: The ex Kaiser tried to force German Kultur on the world. This	This	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
" American scholar Deborah Burton contends that Franchetti gave it up simply because he saw little merit in it and	and	CCONJ	could	AUX	 could
Preceded by a two day bombardment that included support from naval vessels and Hawker Typhoons, the assault was designed	designed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Implementing the deception operation did not go through entirely without incident. Initially the Soviets were kept in the dark	dark	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Associated Press contributor Gene Bright wrote a positive review of the album but was disappointed with James ' cover of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
When Jim picks up his things to leave for the day, he " accidentally " drops a piece of	of	ADP	paper	NOUN	 paper
Euridice takes this to be a sign that he no longer loves her, and refuses to continue, concluding	concluding	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He is widely regarded as one of the greatest fast bowlers of all time. He also played top flight	flight	NOUN	rugby	NOUN	 rugby
Strong later claimed that Christopher Eccleston took a dislike to him, and outside of their scenes together the pair	pair	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
It was the most popular song from Amor Prohibido on Mexican radio. " No Me Queda Más " was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
She established her reputation with her first novel, Cold Comfort Farm (1932), which won the literary	literary	ADJ	Prix	PROPN	 Prix
Freeman received numerous awards over his long career. In 1980, Freeman received the Burrows Award, the premier	premier	NOUN	award	NOUN	 award
Returning features unique to this version include Special Smash, allowing for unique rules, Stage Builder and Photo mode	mode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The nearby town of Wentworth was an important river port from which wool was shipped to the coast, and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
Thirumavalavan, founder of the Dalit Panthers of India (DPI), and Dravidar Kazhagam's K. Veeramani.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
Blum found his performance in the movie one of his most difficult from an emotional standpoint, as there were	were	VERB	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
Reuters reported that SWAPO demanded the right to establish bases in Namibia. The large size of the PLAN forces	forces	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
But Trotter found another printer and continued publishing the Guardian despite the setback. In the early months of 1905	1905	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
From 1880 Māori MPs in parliament were keen that Māori should be taught in English rather than Māori. At	At	ADP	that	DET	 that
On 5 March 1940, pursuant to a note to Joseph Stalin from Beria, six members of the Soviet	Soviet	PROPN	Politburo	PROPN	 Politburo
These dams and reservoirs limit the recovery of upriver salmon runs to Idaho's Salmon and Clearwater rivers. Historically	Historically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It's now my favorite song on the record. Crappy relationships [make for] a good song.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Aware of a Death Note — a book that allows anyone to murder individuals just by knowing their faces and	and	CCONJ	names	NOUN	 names
Once you're up around the 190s, what's two miles an hour? I don't see what	what	PRON	the	DET	 the
The breeding range includes the United States and Canada east of the Rocky Mountains, but has been occasionally spotted	spotted	VERB	West	PROPN	 West
Between 1989 and 1992, he was an editorial adviser to the Nigerian Medical Journal and in 1997, he	he	PRON	became	VERB	 became
After failing to locate Cortés, the Alvarados returned to Guatemala. In 1525 Pedro de Alvarado sent a small	small	ADJ	company	NOUN	 company
They all sat until a female teacher voice started calling their names. After the teacher called Spears, she	she	PRON	emerged	VERB	 emerged
The only way to " cure " the Arab nations was, according to Aflaq, through a revolutionary movement	movement	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A revamped version of Tyrant also existed in Resident Evil 5 during the game's development, but not in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Genetic and morphological differences seem to suggest that they are cryptic species, but there is still debate whether these	these	DET	merit	NOUN	 merit
She enjoyed her visit, and was impressed with the unusual combinations of foods that worked together saying " the	the	DET	sheer	ADJ	 sheer
The ship was sent to the Malta Dockyard under sail for repair, but they could only make temporary repairs	repairs	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
His steals established a then professional baseball single season record, surpassing the previous minor league mark of 116 set	set	VERB	by	ADP	 by
She was built by the American William Cramp and Sons because Russian shipyards were already at full capacity. Named	Named	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Both groups of Warriors travel the split world in search of each other. As they travel, they retrieve	retrieve	VERB	the	DET	 the
Before the outbreak of war, the USAAF had planned to bomb Japan from Wake Island, Guam, the	the	DET	Philippines	PROPN	 Philippines
Two months later, without referring directly to these remarks, Judge of Appeal V.K. Rajah wrote in a judgment	judgment	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Many of those who survived (monks and common people) this onslaught by the Chinese fled to India,	,	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
From November 1914 to August 1915, Andranik took part in the Caucasus Campaign as the head commander of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The relationship between the town and college were strong enough that the citizens of Washington offered a $50,000 donation	donation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
These involved rules ending a game in extra time early, either when the first goal in extra time was	was	AUX	scored	VERB	 scored
The ELR was released to retail customers in the U.S. in December 2013. Volt MPV5 At the 2010 Auto	Auto	PROPN	China	PROPN	 China
Rather, Jovanović depicts all the town's inhabitants intermingling with ease. Such a depiction was intended to counter	counter	VERB	claims	NOUN	 claims
This was Metallica's second gig. Metallica recorded its first demo, Power Metal, a name inspired by	by	ADP	Quintana	PROPN	 Quintana
The city of Charleston, South Carolina is credited with beginning the modern day historic districts movement. In 1931	1931	NUM	Charleston	PROPN	 Charleston
The selenium cell was used in the photophone developed by Alexander Graham Bell in 1879. Selenium transmits an electric	electric	ADJ	current	ADJ	 current
The performances were reviewed favorably for the most part, the notable exception being Toby Keith's " Red Solo	Solo	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
All of the appointed voting directors serve one-, two-, or three year terms and one year terms thereafter	thereafter	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
As Nico arrives to congratulate him, Petra dying from the dragon's death, George tosses the sword into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later still, the poet Alfred Tennyson left his own tribute on the flyleaf of a copy of Bewick's	's	PART	History	NOUN	 History
Morrowind's soundtrack was composed by Jeremy Soule, a video game composer whose previous soundtracks for Total Annihilation and	and	CCONJ	Icewind	PROPN	 Icewind
Some essays are directed to describing the best sights in the area, such as " Flowery January in Florida	Florida	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
It was subsequently disbanded in August 1946. The 26th Battalion was originally raised in April 1915 as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following the spill, Alyeska created a rapid response force that is paid for by the oil companies, including	including	VERB	ExxonMobil	PROPN	 ExxonMobil
In early 1912, most of the fleet had withdrawn to Italy for repairs and refit, leaving only a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Another study, performed at the Myakka City Lemur Reserve, suggests that this species along with several other closely	closely	ADV	related	VERB	 related
The $1.3 billion Center opened to the public on December 16, 1997 and is well known for its	its	PRON	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
Nazi propaganda often used Kaufman's pamphlet as a justification for the persecution of Jews. When the Nazis required	required	VERB	German	ADJ	 German
Near the end of her 22 month pregnancy, veterinarians discovered that the calf was dead. Ruby's uterus	uterus	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
By 2005 and 2006, McCain was pushing for amendments to the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act that would limit creation	creation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Downtown Dayton is also a large area that encompasses several neighborhoods itself, and has seen a recent uplift and	and	CCONJ	revival	NOUN	 revival
After initially moving eastward, a ridge turned it to the west, and on March 7, the system	system	NOUN	crossed	VERB	 crossed
Scully meets with Frank Briggs, the detective who investigated Tooms ' 1933 murders. Briggs claims that the body	body	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Licensed to Bristol, Virginia, the station serves the twin cities of Bristol in Virginia and in Tennessee.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The two German battlecruisers were stationed in the Mediterranean Sea and were attempting to break out of the strait of	of	ADP	Messina	PROPN	 Messina
They were auctioned off in Los Angeles for $6,000 (£3,700). Hitchcock's notebooks were also	also	ADV	found	VERB	 found
The present track is now 600 mm (1 ft 11 5 ⁄ 8 in) narrow gauge. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Their mission was to secure the left flank of the invasion zone, by occupying and dominating the high ground	ground	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
In the Mediterranean, they are strongly associated with schools of frigate mackerel (Auxis rochei), suggesting that	that	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
In June of that year, a shed to house cricket equipment was constructed at the cost of £13	13	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Rochester Castle was torpedoed but escaped at 13 knots (15 mph) and caught up with the main body	body	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Drivers in Alaska can drive up to 15 hours within a 20 hour period. Drivers in Hawaii are not	not	PART	required	VERB	 required
After a 65 yard run by Bush, White scored for the Trojans, who missed on a two –	–	PUNCT	point	NOUN	 point
Children aged between seven and fourteen were able to vote for their favourite television show from a choice also featuring	featuring	VERB	Blue	PROPN	 Blue
The production of S. spraguei fruit bodies averaged about one per square meter, without much variance during the four	four	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
These guiding principles lasted throughout his career. He was president of the University Musical Club for the year 1910	1910	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A third and final amendment was passed in May 1912 represented a compromise between Tirpitz and moderates in parliament.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The stained glass window of the chapel, with the Spencer crest, dates to 1588, and was brought	brought	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Kirk Miller of Rolling Stone said that " ' My Immortal ' lets Lee wail about her personal demons over	over	ADP	simple	ADJ	 simple
Recent measurements of the cosmic background radiation have resulted in the first evidence for this scenario. However, there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
In her fourth autobiography, The Heart of a Woman, she downplays her singing career and assigns little importance	importance	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In Leipzig, he supplied a simple four part setting. The original autograph parts are kept in the Bach	Bach	PROPN	Archiv	PROPN	 Archiv
It ’ s not quite as wonderful an episode as its immediate predecessor, but it ’ s strong nonetheless	nonetheless	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
They were thus left to fight as individuals without direction. More dangerously, by stopping Re d'Italia, he	he	PRON	allowed	VERB	 allowed
After much discussion with the other senior commanders, Eisenhower decided that the invasion should go ahead on the 6th	6th	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Green lauded Naylor for her " excellent portrayal of Marty's introspection and superb storytelling in the area's vernacular	vernacular	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
It houses nearly 235 sick and elderly and provides residential, rehabilitation, and day care services. The home	home	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
An armed resistance movement of ' forest brothers ' was active until the mass deportations. A total of 30,000	30,000	NUM	participated	VERB	 participated
Clearly in the novel, this is not the case, however throughout, the reader witnesses the Garcia family	family	NOUN	assimilate	VERB	 assimilate
The same month, the Bidens ' daughter Ashley, a social worker and staffer at the Delaware Department of	of	ADP	Services	PROPN	 Services
NIU President John G. Peters said that he had " a very good academic record, no record of trouble	trouble	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Giving chase Braham found himself under attack by a Bf 109 — his presence clearly detected by German radar.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Al MacInnis scored on the play as the Kings vehemently protested the goal should have been disallowed because Murray was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
When Mortimer called a parliament to make his new powers and estates permanent with the title of Earl of March	March	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
With similar properties and lower cost than rhodium, electric contacts are a major use of ruthenium. The plate	plate	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The idea was conceived to answer the question, " What is the largest space colony that can be built	built	VERB	?	PUNCT	?
After studying at Konstfack, Stockholm in 1906 and at the Konstnärsförbundet målarskola (the Artists Association Art School)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The song also peaked at number sixty two on Billboard's Digital Songs chart on July 11, 2009.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The opening scenes were filmed at the festival. Also starring as an older fellow traveller and sage was Larry	Larry	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
It is named after the Hindu saint Baba Maneknath. Parts of Ahmedabad are known for their folk art.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1948, Moore won the International Sculpture Prize at the Venice Biennale. He turned down a knighthood in	in	ADP	1951	NUM	 1951
In 2016, it again retained its two star rating as one of five restaurants in the city with such	such	DET	a	DET	 a
But still faced with heavy artillery and machine gun fire, by 16: 00 the regiment had only managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
When the Hungarian Second Army was disbanded on 1 December 1944 due to a lack of equipment and personnel,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hobart was instrumental in securing the ratification of the Treaty of Paris, which ended the war; according to	to	ADP	McKinley	PROPN	 McKinley
She offered readers the first representation of a female genius. The masculinity, particularly the " energy and decisiveness	decisiveness	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
However, the economic impact of the Korean War, which broke out in June 1950, led to budget	budget	NOUN	cuts	NOUN	 cuts
Bralirwa manufactures soft drink products from The Coca Cola Company, under license, including Coca Cola, Fanta,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Lead white oil colour was the main white of oil painters until superseded by compounds containing zinc or titanium in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Read by Kristoffer Tabori, the audiobook has 28 sides, each side having a unique style of introductory music	music	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Prior to winning the 2009 city council election, Chin had run and lost in the Democratic Party primary election	election	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The incident, in which he fell face first to the ice and had to be stretchered off the ice	ice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The soundtrack also contains the songs " Longing " and " Redemption " by Japanese musician and actor Gackt,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In September 2014, Hamasaki released two recut singles from Colours: " Terminal " and " XOXO " on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The " M " was considered a suitable replacement for the Etendard IV but the Aeronavale would only be able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
More had received far less scholarly attention than Marbury. " The timing and the ground of decision may explain	explain	VERB	why	SCONJ	 why
On 14 June, Westenra staged a concert with RTÉ Concert Orchestra and David Brophy at National Concert Hall in	in	ADP	Dublin	PROPN	 Dublin
Shawn and Gus find a book written by Earl Wyndam; in Peaks, Windom Earle was a psychopathic ex	ex	NOUN	FBI	PROPN	 FBI
He would test her ability to keep secrets by telling her that his life was in danger and she should	should	AUX	tell	VERB	 tell
Evaluated against the Douglas B 18 Bolo, it was found to be considerably more expensive than the rival aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Burns, nicknamed " Oyster " because he sold shellfish in the off season, was described as a "	"	PUNCT	loudmouth	NOUN	 loudmouth
As such, the Calgary Stampede is known around the world. The Stampede draws foreign visitors primarily from the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Wilson, after seeing an early screening of Dustbin Baby, said that it was the best film adaptation of	of	ADP	any	PRON	 any
Priyavrata set off to the cremation grounds with the corpse of his son. On his way, he saw	saw	VERB	a	DET	 a
It is available for download only with no physical release, and as the servers are in Europe, the	the	DET	payment	NOUN	 payment
Additionally, a collection of piano arrangements composed by Nobuo Uematsu and played by Toshiyuki Mori titled Piano Collections Final	Final	PROPN	Fantasy	PROPN	 Fantasy
Typically multiple word pairs across a number of categories, say 48 items divided equally into 8 categories, are	are	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The nearly broke Manders is told to apply for the post of a nurse to an elderly invalid, who	who	PRON	then	ADV	 then
While ministering at a Salvation Army church in Ohio in 1926, Hensley met Irene Klunzinger. He married her	her	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Louis was welcomed by Eleanor's uncle Raymond of Poitiers. Raymond expected him to help defend against the Turks	Turks	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) allows data packets to be used for synchronous voice communications. The data	data	NOUN	packets	NOUN	 packets
These include 11 collections, which form a complete archive of the newspaper strips, except for a single daily	daily	ADJ	strip	NOUN	 strip
In 1964, construction began on I 70 from the western end of the existing highway to the Pennsylvania state	state	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
Meanwhile, Vera was seen emerging from her den for the first time; her single cub, helpless at	at	ADP	only	ADV	 only
Airey had the light cavalry engage in reconnaissance and screening while the rest of the force moved off the transports	transports	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to Bendis, this gives Miles cause to wonder if the traits that lead to criminal behavior are hardwired	hardwired	VERB	into	ADP	 into
" Dark Horse " made a strong impact as a single, authors Chip Madinger and Mark Easter write,	,	PUNCT	reaching	VERB	 reaching
The American alligator was first classified by French zoologist François Marie Daudin as Crocodilus mississipiensis in 1801. In 1807	1807	NUM	Georges	PROPN	 Georges
They used Field's family members and friends in the early years: former Cockroaches such as Field's brothers	brothers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The park is once again a major centre of employment in Trafford, and its regeneration has led to a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Four decades later the battle was among the actions recognised by a clasp attached to the Naval General Service Medal	Medal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The team never trailed in the contest. For averaging 23.0 points, 6.5 assists, 4.5 rebounds and 2.0	2.0	NUM	steals	NOUN	 steals
Lloyd represented the United States at the under 21 level before making the jump to the senior team at the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
Following the adjournment of the 2nd United States Congress, and the completion of his term in 1793, White	White	PROPN	retired	VERB	 retired
One of his flaws was his defective education; he was too proud to avoid exhibiting his ignorance. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
An eventful race saw a safety car period and several mistakes from both Mercedes drivers, leading to Hamilton and	and	CCONJ	Rosberg	PROPN	 Rosberg
In the early 1950s, rock and roll, whose performers initially topped music hall bills, attracted a young	young	ADJ	audience	NOUN	 audience
Maniakes and his army conducted a brutally successful campaign, but before it could be concluded he was recalled to	to	ADP	Constantinople	PROPN	 Constantinople
After performing his song " Bawitdaba ", Kid Rock tells the audience that he is going to pour out	out	ADP	forty	NUM	 forty
Arranging a sleep environment that is quiet, very dark, and cool is recommended. Noises, light,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Neither William nor the citation itself gives a date, but the letter has been assigned to Wilfrid's exile	exile	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
In 1620 the Pilgrims established the English imperial venture of Plymouth Colony, beginning " a remarkable acceleration of permanent	permanent	ADJ	emigration	NOUN	 emigration
Heavy winds and rainfall knocked down billboards and trees in the capital, but no injuries were reported in the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Actress Robyn Lively, the half sister of Blake Lively, guest starred in " Reunion " as Kelsey Winthrop	Winthrop	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Romeo (Daniel Tripett), Montague's only son, is depressed, wishing to fall in love with	with	ADP	someone	PRON	 someone
His subjects were varied and included the Mission San José de Tumacácori, in the Tumacácori National Historical Park near	near	ADP	Nogales	PROPN	 Nogales
Romney campaigned intensively on economic issues and the burgeoning subprime mortgage crisis, while McCain attacked Romney regarding Iraq policy	policy	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They came away satisfied that he was actually imbibing and regurgitating the material and objects as claimed, but remained	remained	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The Labour Party said that it had received letters from a small number of MPs asking why no nomination papers	papers	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
It was also voted as one of Newsweek's favorite technology Web sites and rated in Yahoo! ' s	s	VERB	Top	ADJ	 Top
Owen Lattimore concluded that the whole project relied upon military power to enforce agriculture on a land more suited for	for	ADP	herding	VERB	 herding
His tutor was an Italian priest, Bernard. Nicholas, Archbishop of Esztergom, crowned the eight year old	old	ADJ	Emeric	ADJ	 Emeric
John von Neumann consulted for the Army's Ballistic Research Laboratory, most notably on the ENIAC project, as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The loss of Corfe by one of des Roches ' primary supporters would have weakened des Roches ' standing and	and	CCONJ	power	NOUN	 power
Moralists frowned on breaking the overnight fast too early, and members of the church and cultivated gentry avoided it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
In his book The Technology Edge, published in 1983, O'Neill wrote about economic competition with Japan. He	He	PRON	argued	VERB	 argued
By 1086 he held 29 manors in Shropshire, along with other lands in Staffordshire and Warwickshire. When Roger	Roger	PROPN	's	PART	's
The episode was directed by series regular Rainn Wilson, who portrays Dwight Schrute. This episode marked his third	third	ADJ	directing	VERB	 directing
PBS expressed interest in obtaining the show. Although ABC asserted rights to the name " Our World, "	"	PUNCT	Ellerbee	PROPN	 Ellerbee
The Missouri was the last of the four Iowa class battleships to be completed. She was ordered 12 June	June	PROPN	1940	NUM	 1940
Produced on a budget of $4 million, the film was a massive success, finishing 1967 as the	the	DET	fourth	ADV	 fourth
The Dockworkers sing with Joe in all the versions of " Ol ' Man River ". The Gals back	back	ADV	up	ADP	 up
Leiva and Lezica requested that someone who could act as spokesman for the people should join them inside the hall	hall	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He decided to base his story on a radical idea that all Gods were once human beings; it was	was	AUX	their	PRON	 their
One regional study examined a year of pre teen fluoride poisoning reports totaling 87 cases, including one death from	from	ADP	ingesting	VERB	 ingesting
This core is similar in composition to the Earth, but more dense. Examination of Saturn's gravitational moment	moment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
But this had previously been proposed by Lucretius and Simon Stevin. Cristiano Banti's Salviati also held it could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
In total, Fast Five earned $86.2 million during its opening weekend, an average of $23,655 per	per	ADP	theater	NOUN	 theater
There remains some uncertainty whether the source test or nature test ought to be the determining test. It appears	appears	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Atheists make up around 4% of the population, although this number may include people who practice traditional African	African	ADJ	religions	NOUN	 religions
The post war years were also a period of major bridge building in the state. The Mackinac Bridge opened	opened	VERB	on	ADP	 on
As with the Plastic Ono Band's previous singles, " Give Peace a Chance " and " Cold Turkey	Turkey	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The brighter component is a close eclipsing binary (specifically, a rotating ellipsoidal variable), with a minor	minor	ADJ	dip	NOUN	 dip
Following the peaceful resolution of the incident, Andrea Doria visited Spain. On 16 January 1925, Andrea Doria	Doria	PROPN	visited	VERB	 visited
Gonçalves had been encouraged by Rosas to rebel against the Brazilian government in 1835, with the ultimate aim of	of	ADP	enabling	VERB	 enabling
More specifically, Danforth says: From the Greek nationalist perspective there can not be a Macedonian nation since there	there	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Thus, no force is required to keep the cannonball moving at the constant forward velocity. Moreover, any	any	DET	object	NOUN	 object
In 1972, NJDOT wanted to provide adequate access to the Cape May Peninsula by extending the freeway southeast from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Researchers R. A. Fox and Thom Hatch say that Wooden Leg retracted the claim in later life; this would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
It debuted at number five on the New Zealand albums chart, and was certified platinum by Recorded Music NZ	NZ	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The couple were married on 16 February 1904, after which they rented a house in Graham Street in West	West	PROPN	London	PROPN	 London
Greater Boston has more than 100 colleges and universities, with 250,000 students enrolled in Boston and Cambridge alone.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Accounts of Wright's subsequent departure from the band differ. In his autobiography, Inside Out, Mason says	says	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Mountain nyala are endemic to the Ethiopian highlands east of the Rift Valley, between 6° N and 10	10	NUM	°	NUM	°
The Highlanders continued under Cooper in 2006. After losing their first match of 2006 to the Crusaders, they	they	PRON	then	ADV	 then
Hermine developed from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on September 5. The wave	wave	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
Djajakusuma collapsed on 28 October 1987 while giving a speech in commemoration of the Youth Pledge at the IKJ,	,	PUNCT	striking	VERB	 striking
Sennacherib instated Ittobaal on the throne of Sidon and reimposed the annual tribute. When Abdi Milkutti ascended to Sidon	Sidon	PROPN	's	PART	's
(H2O is about half of the molecular weight of the other two main constituents of the atmosphere — Oxygen	Oxygen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite a strong performance, he was cut from Team USA when the roster was trimmed to its twelve player	player	NOUN	limit	NOUN	 limit
According to Section 23 of the Czech Firearms Act, an applicant may not be granted a license if he	he	PRON	has	AUX	 has
At that point, his empire stretched from the Adriatic Sea to the Indus River. Seeking to reach the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The inaugural European Council, as it became known, was held in Dublin on 10 and 11 March 1975	1975	NUM	during	ADP	 during
MTV News commented that the song contains a theme that is " getting plenty of traction these days – beware	beware	VERB	the	DET	 the
Hughes was also the model for " Old Craw " in John le Carré's The Honourable Schoolboy. The	The	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
The wood thrush has become a symbol of the decline of Neotropical songbirds of eastern North America, having declined	declined	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Karankawa continued to cause difficulties for the Spanish, and in 1785 the interim commandant general, Joseph Antonio	Antonio	PROPN	Rengel	PROPN	 Rengel
In October 1990, Metallica entered One on One Recording's studio in North Hollywood to record its next album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sandia theorized that the overram may have occurred due to inadequate training of some members of the center gun crew	crew	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Such furnaces required several metric tons of wood each day. The baths would have been in operation 24 hours	hours	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Reggie Smith was also named to the Jim Thorpe Award watch list. Nearly all major sports publications had the	the	DET	Sooners	PROPN	 Sooners
" In a separate publishing from The New York Times, David Browne criticized the song's overuse of processed	processed	VERB	vocals	NOUN	 vocals
All of Audioslave's lyrics were written by Cornell, while all four members — as a band — were	were	AUX	credited	VERB	 credited
A meze of fresh and cooked vegetable salads, pickled cucumbers and other vegetables, hummus, ful, tahini	tahini	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ikata is known for its mikans and mikan juice. More than 20 different varieties of mikan are grown in	in	ADP	Ikata	PROPN	 Ikata
In marrying a little Presbyterian parson, who keeps an infant boarding school, so that all her employment now	now	ADV	is	AUX	 is
Photographs of the production showing Rihanna wearing a cream bra and gray skirt were leaked on the same day.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Printed pattern books were not easily obtainable, and a sampler or embroidered record of stitches and patterns was the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Infants are protected while foraging by either leaving them in the nest or by stashing them in a hidden location	location	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He led the conference in sacks during the regular season, and finished with 14. Cornerback Loren Johnson was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
The doctors of both Dual Spires and Twin Peaks have coconuts in their offices. Both Paula's and Laura	Laura	PROPN	's	PART	's
The episode also ranked at first in its time slot. While Andy (Ed Helms) is having a	a	DET	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
To the south and west, the Hamilton Group grades laterally into the Millboro Shale formation in southern West Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Journalist Kembrew McLeod called the music " both agitprop and pop, mixing politics with the live wire thrill of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Canada, " I Can't Go for That " / " You Make My Dreams " debuted at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Beginning on 19 August, various units of the 17th Army began to arrive on Guadalcanal with the goal of	of	ADP	driving	VERB	 driving
Under the Treaty of San Stefano that ended the Russo Turkish War, 1877 – 78 the entire region,	,	PUNCT	except	SCONJ	 except
Hearts decided to sell tickets using their loyalty points system, while Hibs connected their allocation to sales of season	season	NOUN	tickets	NOUN	 tickets
Huge numbers of towns across the country were effectively off limits to African Americans. By the end of the	the	DET	1960s	NOUN	 1960s
In May 1986, Ireland won the Iceland Triangular Tournament at Laugardalsvöllur, in Iceland's capital of Reykjavík,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In 1888, a posse from Kentucky entered West Virginia and killed a leader of the Hatfield clan in the	the	DET	Hatfield	PROPN	 Hatfield
Other court clerks in the U.S. have also refused to issue marriage licenses to same sex couples. The probate	probate	NOUN	judges	NOUN	 judges
The British consolidated their hold on New York City and Long Island during the winter months of early 1777,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Convection gradually increased, and the system intensified into Tropical Storm Itelle on April 9. An eye developed the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The orchestra Shire assembled consisted of musicians from the San Francisco Opera and S.F. ballet. Shire said, "	"	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is the second most popular spectator sports in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
" The origins of the breed are not fully documented, but some evidence points to the ancestors of the	the	DET	Jutland	PROPN	 Jutland
From there, Congress and many other ships were ordered back to the United States. She arrived at Newport	Newport	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Due to the popularity of her main blog, Xiaxue has earned jobs in mainstream media, notably as a	a	DET	columnist	NOUN	 columnist
Due to having failed to come to terms on a contract before October 1, 1998, Luongo was not	not	PART	allowed	VERB	 allowed
Plans exist to build a military base close to the Henoko reef, and military activity also adds the threats	threats	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The song peaked at number three for three non consecutive weeks during the same month. It was certified triple	triple	ADJ	platinum	NOUN	 platinum
On the back of his popularity, he evidently decided to run for this office and was elected Archon Eponymous	Eponymous	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Sheheen's campaign has raised $33,000 as of January 2009, while Ford's campaign raised $6,000.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
By 1930 it had been performed by various ethnic Chinese troupes to popular acclaim and pioneered a body of work	work	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Unfortunately, all of the ship's equipment fails for no reason and the Enterprise's systems break down.	.	PUNCT	Suddenly	ADV	 Suddenly
The maple leaf was later added to the Canadian coat of arms in 1921. From 1876 until 1901,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Trinity Railway Express (TRE) commuter rail service, which connects Fort Worth and Dallas, is provided	provided	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Wez, one of the characters from the 1981 film Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior, is seen	seen	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This is the about same as the annual occupational dose limit in practice at many modern U.S. nuclear facilities.	.	PUNCT	Experts	NOUN	 Experts
The producers spent a lot of time talking with Malick about his vision of the film. Geisler said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The chapels in the south transept had tiles with symbols of Edward the Confessor and the Virgin Mary. The	The	DET	windows	NOUN	 windows
The race was first held in 1829, and since 1845 has taken place on the 4.2 mile (6.8	6.8	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Rwanda has low corruption levels relative to most other African countries; in 2014, Transparency International ranked Rwanda as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hundreds of livestock drowned, and telephone and telegraph services were disrupted in many areas. The storm became disorganized	disorganized	ADJ	while	SCONJ	 while
In the mid 1990s, Parks Canada responded by initiating a two year study, which resulted in management recommendations	recommendations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He ended his season with 197 in an innings victory over Western Australia. Overall, he totalled 710 runs	runs	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Between 1049 and 1067 he was the eighth Shaddadid ruler of Arran (today in western Azerbaijan) from Ganja	Ganja	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They held their first meeting in July, naming themselves the Western Association of Writers. At the meeting Maurice	Maurice	PROPN	Thompson	PROPN	 Thompson
He divorced Hildegard in 1942 and married Irma E. Shuler in 1945. They were divorced in 1962, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Homer bets with Washington, while the others go with Buffalo. As a nervous Homer watches the game at	at	ADP	Moe	PROPN	 Moe
" The main reasons for the extinction of the passenger pigeon were the massive scale of hunting, the rapid	rapid	ADJ	loss	NOUN	 loss
Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) must deal with a visit from his mother Colleen Donaghy (Stritch	Stritch	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Between 1593 and 1595, James was romantically linked with Anne Murray, later Lady Glamis, whom he addressed	addressed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When he attempted a canonical visitation, he had to avoid locations where a resident conservative bishop might make an	an	DET	embarrassing	ADJ	 embarrassing
Winds of 65 mph (100 km / h) was reported on the southwest coast of Newfoundland. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Ó Siadhail & Wigger (1975: 89 – 90) argue that the fortis sonorant is tense (a	a	DET	term	NOUN	 term
With the death of his mother in January 1933, Hordern decided to pursue a professional acting career. He	He	PRON	briefly	ADV	 briefly
Templeton Secondary School was used for Smallville High's interior. During season one, the production team repainted most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
On his 500th league appearance, Heskey scored his first goal for Wigan in a 1 – 0 Premier League	League	PROPN	victory	NOUN	 victory
In 1921 Shackleton went back to Antarctica, leading the Shackleton – Rowett Expedition. On 5 January 1922 he	he	PRON	died	VERB	 died
28,000 years ago. The glacial landscape is well developed, especially on the southern slopes of Mount Tymfi,	,	PUNCT	across	ADP	 across
On 26 March 2005 Nea Salamina played a friendly against the Turkish Cypriot Yenicami at Ammochostos Stadium, defeating them	them	PRON	6	NUM	 6
In this little ballet, scantily clad nuns rise from their graves to dance wantonly in the moonlight. The	The	DET	public	NOUN	 public
The heralds are appointed by the British Sovereign and are delegated authority to act on behalf of the Crown in	in	ADP	all	DET	 all
General of Division Georges Joseph Dufour, the new French commander, pre empted what would have been a costly	costly	ADJ	attack	NOUN	 attack
The reproductive system has some unusual features. The gonads of adult snails are not inside the shell; they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
She added that anyone who watched the video for " Justify My Love ", " knows that a hotel	hotel	NOUN	corridor	NOUN	 corridor
Later, in September, the battalion was transferred to the north to construct defensive positions near Tripoli in Lebanon	Lebanon	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the course of the 19th century, Spain would recognize each of the new states. Only Cuba and	and	CCONJ	Puerto	PROPN	 Puerto
That evening, Olivia has a vision of Peter; the vision tries to break Olivia from the conditioning,	,	PUNCT	explaining	VERB	 explaining
On a broader scale, the Cook Islands Sports & Olympic Association, Rarotonga Amateur Athletics Association, Tauvaine Sports	Sports	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Facing a hopeless situation, the Marquess surrendered the castle on 19 August on relatively generous terms for the garrison	garrison	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Whilst trying to retrieve it, Bart gets trapped in the well. Still smarting from his prank, the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
Historians such as Sidney Toy and Charles Peers published work on the sites, and research continued under Arnold Taylor	Taylor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2013, he was ranked the third best player in the league by ESPN and Sports Illustrated. Paul	Paul	PROPN	prefers	VERB	 prefers
" The Guardian also gave the album three out of five stars, stating that Pearl Jam " are dignified	dignified	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In a counterattack after daylight, K Company and tanks had partially regained control of the ridges overlooking Haman,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Other forms of mimicry have a reproductive component, such as Vavilovian mimicry involving seeds, and brood parasitism,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
She displaced 1,078 metric tons (1,061 long tons; 1,188 short tons) at full combat load. Her	Her	PRON	propulsion	NOUN	 propulsion
Considered one of the " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War ", he was among a group of more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Principal photography was initially set to begin in Miami, but the idea was abandoned due to budget constraints.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Following a succession of poor performances at the start of the 2011 – 12 season, Cooper and his assistant	assistant	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
The proposed cuts targeted a program to fund development of fuel efficient automobiles as well as the program that had	had	AUX	guaranteed	VERB	 guaranteed
It had a slightly larger wingspan, increased takeoff weight and improved armament. The prototype was tested in December	December	PROPN	1943	NUM	 1943
The death of his predecessor caused Peale to write " a frantic letter " to the new Mint Director (	(	PUNCT	Patterson	PROPN	Patterson
Breyer argues that these sources are necessary, however, and in the former case (purpose), can	can	AUX	in	ADP	 in
At the National September 11 Memorial, the names of the Pentagon victims are inscribed on the South Pool,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
The Complete Confection was also promoted through the feature film Katy Perry: Part of Me (2012),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
A spider bites him on the back of his neck, giving him spider powers. He becomes Spider Man	Man	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The second approach, a feminist counterculture, embodies feminine writing to investigate a specifically feminine cinematic language. Some	Some	DET	recent	ADJ	 recent
Abathur accepts that the Overmind's instinctive desire for " true perfection " is impossible for the zerg swarm to	to	PART	achieve	VERB	 achieve
A funeral was conducted two days later at his home on 121 High Street, and his body was buried	buried	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Temporary repairs were effected in Nouméa in New Caledonia. Cormoran finally arrived in Hong Kong on 3 May;	;	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
" A regional schools tour was organised to tie in with the launch of the series, with pupils writing	writing	VERB	short	ADJ	 short
The main event was a standard match for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, in which then champion Jeff Jarrett	Jarrett	PROPN	defended	VERB	 defended
The importance of the Battle of Bardia, lay in the challenge it might represent to the wider field of	of	ADP	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
By contrast, Arsenal won seven previous Shields (1930, 1931, 1933, 1934, 1938, 1948	1948	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
For the opening scene, a " special kind of blood " was placed in and around the actors '	'	PART	eyes	NOUN	 eyes
Sirius A is about twice as massive as the Sun (M ☉) and has an absolute visual magnitude	magnitude	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On July 8, 2014, 2 K Games released a DRM free version of BioShock on the Humble 2	2	NUM	K	PROPN	 K
At the 1000 Lakes in Finland, Mouton finished the first day in seventh place after setting two top five	five	NUM	stage	NOUN	 stage
Yeezus was noted as one of the most anticipated releases of 2013 by major publications, but the lack of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The court noted that the vehicle was traveling on an " undivided two lane road, thus raising the risk	risk	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to the New York Times obituary, " it was estimated after Mr. Rockefeller retired from business that he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Congress, seeking to take some initiative and to capitalize on the capture of Ticonderoga, authorized an invasion of	of	ADP	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
Though she thoroughly enjoyed the experience, she found it difficult to reconcile performing in London with raising two young	young	ADJ	children	NOUN	 children
On the most difficult portion, between Cresta and Rock Creek, three tunnels had to be built at Arch	Arch	PROPN	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
SR 52 is not part of the National Highway System, a network of roads that are important to the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
From here, the highway becomes a surface road that continues past more businesses and homes, angling northeast as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The album was distributed by Sony Music Entertainment Visual Works. The last song of the CD, " ICO	ICO	PROPN	-You	PUNCT	 -You
The other four are: Tockwotten Hill at Fox Point, Smith Hill (where the State House is located	located	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
He scored his first Stevenage goal on his return to the first team in a 3 – 0 win against	against	ADP	Ebbsfleet	PROPN	 Ebbsfleet
Users of 4chan helped to track him down by finding the perpetrator's father's name in the Exif data	data	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Coolbrith was commissioned to write a poem for the Exposition, and in October 1893 she brought with her	her	PRON	to	ADP	 to
The ability of a large number of protein structural motifs to catalyze relevant chemical reactions has played a significant role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The following day, a team of archaeologists from the Suffolk Archaeological Unit carried out an emergency excavation of the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
As a result, the station was declared a heritage site in 1980, when the Secretary of State for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Furious, Triton confronts Ariel in her grotto, where she and Flounder store human artifacts, and destroys the	the	DET	objects	NOUN	 objects
In six home Tests against the West Indies and South Africa in 2005 – 06, Gilchrist managed only 190	190	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
This was supported by the Labor Party and the right winged Conservative Party and Progress Party. The plans from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
A M18 Claymore mine then exploded in front of Alpha Company's command element, killing the radio operator and	and	CCONJ	severely	ADV	 severely
A field study on the southern sandplains revealed an average count of around 286 individual flowers on each spike.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
However, in the 1870s Cunard fell behind its rivals, the White Star Line and the Inman Line.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
The line is single track, and was electrified in 1954 64. The Bergen Line is owned and maintained	maintained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Tim Green went on to help create The Fucking Champs, a mostly instrumental progressive hard rock / math metal	metal	NOUN	trio	NOUN	 trio
It would later be suggested that Roger Tichborne had this same defect, but this could not be established beyond	beyond	ADP	speculation	NOUN	 speculation
Tony Way as Gary, Destiny's owner. Ruth Bratt – various incidental characters. The show took five	five	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Through publications on its website including staff reviews, (non peer reviewed) research reports, and web based	based	VERB	newsletters	NOUN	 newsletters
The secondary companion is a yellow main sequence star of spectral type G5V that is a little smaller (0.9	0.9	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
Eustis was elected to the Massachusetts General Court (the state legislature) from 1788 to 1794, which he	he	PRON	left	VERB	 left
Bianco called the episode a " heady, sometimes too rich mix of song and dance magic, high school	school	NOUN	musical	ADJ	 musical
Rice also introduced legislation to exempt some school fundraisers from sales tax, a measure which he placed on hold	hold	NOUN	pending	VERB	 pending
On a domestic scale, the spade, fork and hoe are the tools of choice while on commercial farms	farms	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Studies have shown that the fungus is sensitive to low concentrations of sulphite (SO32 −), a byproduct	byproduct	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1996, Maguire Thomas Partners split up, leaving the ownership of Commerce Square to Thomas Properties Group Inc.	Inc.	PROPN	alone	ADV	 alone
Cystic fibrosis (CF), a progressive multi system lung disease, has been considered in the search for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Zainab and Masood have been married for 28 years and they're mad about each other - for someone to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
Town and Davis was awarded the contract to construct the building, and completed it ahead of schedule in 1835	1835	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The following season he helped the club to its highest ever league finish of fifth position. In 1987,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Niyama (The five " observances "): Śauca (purity, clearness of mind, speech and body)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
They participated in Music Station Super Live 2014 on New Year's Eve, marking their first television appearance in	in	ADP	seventeen	NUM	 seventeen
By the end of the decade, Lexus ranked as the fourth largest premium car make in the world by	by	ADP	volume	NOUN	 volume
The station, which had stayed on the air via temporary licenses, went off the air on May 30	30	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
She was not considered to have been placed in reserve at this time, however, as it was not	not	PART	possible	ADJ	 possible
B.J., who has already arrived, cuts Cokely's respirator tubes and attacks him with a razor. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It caused widespread damage to a large part of the structure, including the two oldest rooms in the school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With the completion of the new zoo, The Dairy Farmhouse, sheep paddock, and Menagerie were demolished and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In December 1958, during a process of purifying plutonium at Los Alamos, a critical mass was formed in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The final song on the album was " Outside, " a ballad that was written by Carey, Afanasieff	Afanasieff	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
They had a lot to do with our success ", Lemon said after being winning the award. Lemon	Lemon	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
During World War II, he made many personal appearances to advance the war effort, including his last appearance	appearance	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The launch of a fourth monthly title in 1990, the " adjectiveless " Spider Man (with the storyline	storyline	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Gulls have more generalised bills that reflect their more opportunistic lifestyle. Pursuit diving exerts greater pressures (both evolutionary	evolutionary	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Congress responded to rampant discrimination against racial minorities in public accommodations and government services by passing the Civil Rights Act	Act	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Domnall's rise to power in the Kingdom of Dublin took place in 1075, after the expulsion of the	the	DET	reigning	VERB	 reigning
Brown and Donewald spoke at the church, urging them to stop protesting at the strip club and saying,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" In their articles, the champions of each state argued that Pike's account of his route supported their	their	PRON	site	NOUN	 site
At 08: 00, nearing the top of Hill 464, it surprised and killed three North Korean soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Whitney Matheson wrote for USA Today that " Mole Hunt " was " crude and offbeat " but "	"	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
Regardless, speculation arose that Nintendo was instead using the event as an excuse to limit shipment and keep the	the	DET	demand	NOUN	 demand
" Although the sound designers insisted that Bakshi needed to re record the dialogue in the studio, Bakshi persisted	persisted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
About 65 species of medium to large thrushes are in the genus Turdus, characterised by rounded heads, longish	longish	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
There was a weak center that had good outflow. On October 25, the IMD classified the system as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
They form a " Hero Team " along with Benimaru Nikaido and Shingo Yabuki. The Hero Team is taken	taken	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The test comes back negative, but while looking through her medical records, Dr Hartman discovers that Lois '	'	PART	mother	NOUN	 mother
It became a must have book for middle class parents in China. The popularity of Harvard Girl made Liu	Liu	PROPN	a	DET	 a
This air sac leaves distinctive marks or opening on the bones, including a distinct opening in the upper arm	arm	NOUN	bone	NOUN	 bone
Fisichella retired with further brake problems on lap 32. Häkkinen set the fastest lap of the race, a	a	DET	1	NUM	 1
They were supposedly relegated to training duties once the Germans began to deliver Panzerkampfwagen IV medium tanks in 1944,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Within hours of UDI, the UN General Assembly passed a condemnatory resolution, by 107 to two — South	South	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
He said that he discovered this force by reading Creative Mind by Ernest Holmes. However, in August 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The 30th Brigade concentrated west of Selfit in preparation of a follow up advance through the 29th Brigade when it	it	PRON	reached	VERB	 reached
In this episode, as a rebel alien race secretly attacks several groups of former alien abductees, the agents	agents	NOUN	meet	VERB	 meet
Pleased with his achievements, he greets Death as an old friend and chooses to leave with him as equals	equals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Within a month of the Hogwarts Express ' opening, one million riders had ridden the attraction. It had	had	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
A recording of " Severed Hand, " a song that later appeared on the band's next studio album	album	NOUN	Pearl	PROPN	 Pearl
This census reported 1.23 million self identified ethnic Chinese living in the colony, representing 2.03 percent of the total	total	ADJ	population	NOUN	 population
The scattered disc, however, is dynamically active, and is far more likely to be the place of	of	ADP	origin	NOUN	 origin
The Tadcaster brewery was substantially redeveloped and expanded throughout 1974. Courage closed down the Barnsley brewery in 1976 with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
All five series of the original show, plus the " Scary (Halloween) Special ", " Ridiculous	Ridiculous	PROPN	Romance	PROPN	 Romance
Construction on the highway began in 1928, which involved the boring of three tunnels. Previously, the road	road	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Historian Lise Hull has suggested that the creation of castles in Scotland was " less to do with conquest "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The typical cap of peasants from the Šumadija region of Serbia, the šajkača eventually acquired a dual purpose:	:	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
He and several other Cuban gay activists participated in a radio call in show to hear people say homosexuals should	should	AUX	be	AUX	 be
A New York Times profile at the time said that McCain seemed " poised to emerge as a significant figure	figure	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It quickly degenerated into a remnant low, which itself moved slowly southwestward over Texas. The low eventually dissipated	dissipated	VERB	on	ADP	 on
They are mostly built from the same carboniferous limestone used at the castle. The eight towers along the wall	wall	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Brantford further inducted Gretzky into its " Walk of Fame " in 2004. On May 10, 2010,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
A player may not distract or annoy another player by any means, including repeatedly offering a draw (Schiller	Schiller	NOUN	2003	NUM	 2003
The first verse follows on 38 seconds with Rhys accompanied by a basic 4 / 4 beat provided by drummer	drummer	NOUN	Dafydd	PROPN	 Dafydd
This replica is on display at Dorset County Museum in Dorchester. It is taken from the museum twice a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Two hours later, at 5 am, Jadid launched his coup. Not long after, the attack on	on	ADP	al	PROPN	 al
During the Albanian National Awakening (1831 – 1912), the city was a major centre of the movement	movement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Solemnity does not suit them and fanatical monomanias are unimaginable in this context. An ecstatically nationalist Mitică is a	a	DET	contradiction	NOUN	 contradiction
It is a Grade II * listed building, and scheduled monument. The cylindrical stone dovecote has a cone	cone	NOUN	shaped	VERB	 shaped
One of the difficulties he faced in acquiring the best continental art was that the War of the Spanish Succession	Succession	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Just as with its land counterpart, the exact size of the Byzantine navy and its units is a matter	matter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The player monitors phone calls as part of a government surveillance program to find public threats. The player unlocks	unlocks	VERB	chains	NOUN	 chains
Back in Crowborough, after several months ' hard application under the guidance of his tutor, the future Lord	Lord	PROPN	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
The resulting radius can be roughly approximated (within 2% of exact value) by: <formula>	>	X	where	SCONJ	 where
The plan called for protection of the German ships at all costs. The crews were told that if they	they	PRON	ran	VERB	 ran
11). The walls of the nave are now very low or even at foundation level, except one	one	NUM	section	NOUN	 section
The game propounds the conspiracy theory that all of human history is a lie and the human race's development	development	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Of this total, $1.5 million went to Hildale. The United States Department of Agriculture also provided $	$	SYM	100,000	NUM	100,000
He succeeded his father in 1910. He was the only Emperor of India to be present at his own	own	ADJ	Delhi	PROPN	 Delhi
To comply with local railway regulations it was fitted with: a cowcatcher, bell, buckeye couplings, American	American	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
In 1892, the City University of New York gave Shepard a Master of Laws degree and the University of	of	ADP	Omaha	PROPN	 Omaha
When cities attempt to renovate neighborhoods, fans have called attempts to demolish iconic settings from cult films " cultural	cultural	ADJ	vandalism	NOUN	 vandalism
In Portugal, the album reached # 2 in the charts and attained silver certification for over 10,000 sales.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" If, " he said, " beginning one year from now, we were to cut military spending	spending	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Although it surprised jazz listeners upon its release in 1977, Goin ' Home was praised by music critics for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Besides Christianity, ancestral worship is the most practised non Christian religion, involving spiritual intercession; the Mbira Dza	Dza	PROPN	Vadzimu	PROPN	 Vadzimu
Later, this battalion was also amalgamated with the 5th and 8th Battalions, to form the 2nd Brigade Battalion	Battalion	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is a coincidence that his regnal number (III) was the same for both Orange and England.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
On August 26, 2010, on the anniversary of the signing of the Hawaiian Neutrality Proclamation, a bronze	bronze	NOUN	plaque	NOUN	 plaque
Only 18% of the population lives in areas where the power supply is more dependent on burning carbon,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Founded in 1885, it is nicknamed " the Hatters " and affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
In addition, its interaction with the main belt of the Westerlies, by means of merging with a nearby	nearby	ADJ	frontal	ADJ	 frontal
He justified the slowness of the process by saying that he was not simply trying to capture the Williams Wynn	Wynn	PROPN	sisters	NOUN	 sisters
He received an M.A. in history in 1949. McGovern then returned to his alma mater, Dakota Wesleyan,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Joseph Priestley's sons Harry and Joseph chose to leave England for America in August 1793. Finally Priestley himself	himself	PRON	followed	VERB	 followed
" Charlie Don't Surf " featured several notable guest stars, including Matt Czuchry, Ryan Eggold, and	and	CCONJ	San	PROPN	 San
" Disturbia " became Rihanna's fourth number one single on the Hot 100, which tied her at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Although supporters and their opponents closely linked the two movements, temperance received a broader hearing than the efforts toward	toward	ADP	equal	ADJ	 equal
In his first trips abroad, Elgar visited Paris in 1880 and Leipzig in 1882. He heard Saint Saëns	Saëns	PROPN	play	VERB	 play
1973 was the fifth of nine consecutive seasons that Simpson led the team in rushing yards. It was also	also	ADV	the	DET	 the
Retrieved 16 February 2007. United States Air Force (2000). " Brigadier General Douglas J. " Doug	Doug	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
From humble beginnings in a farming family in Ayrshire, he became a successful merchant and politician; he was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Although warm sea surface temperatures of 30° C (86° F) in the region favored development of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Critics consider this new approach to heavy metal the greatest musical accomplishment of the NWOBHM and an important evolutionary step	step	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He had included moments of comedy even in his tragic operas, for example in Un ballo in maschera and	and	CCONJ	La	PROPN	 La
The N114 road (EN 114), in the centre and southeast of the municipality, goes to Peniche	Peniche	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The K – Pg boundary record of dinoflagellates is not as well understood, mainly because only microbial cysts provide	provide	VERB	a	DET	 a
He is once more seen performing a pregnancy scan on Amy which, as before, can not come to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In early September, the city hosts an annual event, Route 66 Days, to highlight its connection to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album achieved worldwide sales of over 2.5 million copies. Four singles were commission in promotion of the album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cast member David Duchovny collaborated with Howard Gordon and Chris Carter for two episodes receiving story credit. New writers	writers	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the Tokyo area, the storm caused widespread power outages and severely disrupted the transportation system. During the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Later that month, Dahl and several thousand Cohos occupied a teen disco in the Chicago suburbs. At the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
During these years, the secondary market transitioned from a niche sub category in which the majority of sellers were	were	AUX	distressed	VERB	 distressed
NY 228 begins at an intersection with NY 224 in Odessa. It progresses northward from NY 224 as the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
At school she had a tough time, since some girls bullied her because they envied her voice. To	To	PART	solve	VERB	 solve
Resident killer whales swim with porpoises, other dolphins, seals, and sea lions, which are common prey	prey	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
BT commented it was Capaldi's best contribution as the character of the Doctor to date. The video had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Frequent brownouts resulting from the overtaxed national power grid produce power cuts to the THB breweries that have negatively affected	affected	VERB	the	DET	 the
According to Viktor Mölders, his brother had saved Georg Küch, one of Werner Mölders ' closest friends,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Although never intended for the low level role, the B 52's flexibility allowed it to outlast several intended	intended	VERB	successors	NOUN	 successors
Blind from an early age and self taught in the law, Chen is frequently described as a " barefoot	barefoot	NOUN	lawyer	NOUN	 lawyer
The two merge and run north into Benzonia, following Michigan Avenue in town. Near the south shore of	of	ADP	Crystal	PROPN	 Crystal
The Maple Leafs hosted the Ace Bailey All Star Benefit Game, which raised over $20,000 for Bailey and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The city's defenders ran out of water on May 8 (according to a report later submitted by Madero	Madero	PROPN	himself	PRON	 himself
New York Times, Books Section (August 8, 1999) Can Civilizations Clash? American Philosophical Society Proceedings	Proceedings	PROPN	vol	NOUN	 vol
In Canada, " Work " debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 at number 98 for the week ending 27	27	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
Until 2014, the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races, but as of the 2015	2015	NUM	race	NOUN	 race
During his final four seasons in the NHL, Conacher lived in Midland, Ontario. He remained in the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
He took 12 catches in the Tests. In recognition of his performances, Tallon was named as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The show was the creation of producer Robert Maxwell and animal trainer Rudd Weatherwax and was televised from September 12	12	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Fearing for Mulder's life, Deep Throat helped Scully gain access to a high containment facility, where she	she	PRON	managed	VERB	 managed
The episode was the highest rated show on the Fox network that week. Since airing, the episode has	has	AUX	received	VERB	 received
Kirk sessions, however, continued to meet largely unhindered, neither sanctioned nor recognised by the Commonwealth. The	The	DET	legal	ADJ	 legal
In a 2000 phone interview for The New York Times, D ' Angelo maintained a neutral attitude towards general	general	ADJ	viewer	ADJ	 viewer
Richard W. Thompson gave spoke in support of Washington as replies at the Second Baptist Lyceum on January 25 and	and	CCONJ	Jesse	PROPN	 Jesse
Horii liked the scenario of the grandfather paradox surrounding Marle. Concerning story planning, Horii commented, " If	If	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
However, surface roots can be large and intrusive and the thin bark readily damaged when struck. Tolerant of	of	ADP	acid	ADJ	 acid
" The Beatles ' producer, George Martin, tells how Lennon " had an inborn dislike of his own	own	ADJ	voice	NOUN	 voice
The games were played on October 1 and October 3, 1946, between the St. Louis Cardinals and Brooklyn	Brooklyn	PROPN	Dodgers	PROPN	 Dodgers
Irons lends a tribal drum sound on the songs " Who You Are " and " In My Tree "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Duke of Clarence referred to Conroy as " King John ", while the Duchess of Clarence wrote to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Whitlock is the son of Raymond and Genny Whitlock. Whitlock was originally going to be named Sergio Nehemiah Whitlock	Whitlock	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These three singles were also R & B Top Ten hits, with " Stoned Love " becoming their last	last	ADJ	No.1	NOUN	 No.1
In December 1776 General John Burgoyne met with Lord Germain, the British Secretary of State for the Colonies and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Mini games to unlock doors, extend bridges, or elevate platforms appear in most levels. On the desolate	desolate	ADJ	planet	NOUN	 planet
These undeniable and documented facts did not coincide with the official published biography that the church had promulgated. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
The loop was also removed during this time. After another major incident occurred in 2009, it was announced	announced	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" Other kudos for the actors were provided by Respers France, who highlighted the " further great acting "	"	PUNCT	seen	VERB	 seen
The graduate students at Syracuse University are represented by the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) while the law students	students	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The New York Times ran a front page story repeating Jordan's charges. The Western Conference's eligibility rules	rules	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
During the era of steam locomotives, the town's primary industry was servicing trains for the Denver and Rio	Rio	PROPN	Grande	PROPN	 Grande
Knight, a notorious strongman and intimidator, was able to have Eazy E release Young from his contract and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Farlotta became a finished spade bit horse who won both stock horse (reining) and western pleasure championships.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The British lost five tanks destroyed and a further 13 were damaged but the tank regiments suffered no losses in	in	ADP	personnel	NOUN	 personnel
Among the seven passengers was John Bozeman. The freight wagons were carrying $80,000 in gold dust and $	$	SYM	1500	NUM	1500
The group that ate only white rice documented 161 crew members with beriberi and 25 deaths, while the latter	latter	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
The Cure's " oppressively dispirited " albums Seventeen Seconds (1980), Faith (1981), Pornography	Pornography	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Henry I refused to allow him to make the journey, but even without a personal appeal from Thurstan,	,	PUNCT	Paschal	PROPN	 Paschal
The designer began with the bridge, which had nearly been completed. Michelson first removed Chekov's new weapons	weapons	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
It was extremely hard work and not very well paid, but it attracted many Maori and European settlers,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The law has been described as an attempt " to legislate against the law of supply and demand ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
He had seen the way landladies in seaside resorts would, sometimes literally, push families out of the lodgings	lodgings	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
One was located forward, and two were placed in a superfiring pair aft, all on the centerline.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
This would require a navigational error of at least 10°, and a complete revision of Morrell's timeline	timeline	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
However, continuous production of the amount of dust observed over the course of Vega's lifetime would require an	an	DET	enormous	ADJ	 enormous
Marlborough's two lines of cavalry had now moved to the front of the Duke's line of battle,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Had the injury occurred a couple of years later he would have been able to have pioneering keyhole surgery,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Krause used the tooth as evidence that marsupials were present on the southern continents (Gondwana) as early as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He sat round and talked for a bit but he wasn't really there. " Waters was reportedly reduced	reduced	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, no damage reports were received there. In southern Baja California, a fisherman slipped off rocks due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
393 – c. 457) mentions that in his time, the Qedar lived near Babylon. There are brief	brief	ADJ	references	NOUN	 references
But the movie blows it. " It praised the directing of Jonathan Frakes and the computer generated special effects	effects	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The bridge of the song features the repetition of the hook " You know you like it like this,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Cohen also functioned as storyboard director, and Springer worked as storyboard artist. The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon	Nickelodeon	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
With Goku being Sun Wukong, Bulma as Xuanzang, Oolong as Zhu Bajie and Yamcha being Sha Wujing,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In all, Felix killed at least 130 people, and damage in Nicaragua totaled C $869.3 million (	(	PUNCT	2007	NUM	2007
While many celebrated Carey's continued musical departure from her adult contemporary past, some felt the album was not	not	PART	as	ADV	 as
Here, the names of Tintin and Milou were retained, although the characters of Dupond and Dupont were renamed	renamed	VERB	Thomson	PROPN	 Thomson
The A.V. Club's Myles McNutt stated that " ' Dwight K. Schrute, (Acting) Manager ' demonstrated	demonstrated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The venue consists of three hills, each tailor made for aerials, moguls and ski ballet, respectively.	.	PUNCT	Above	ADP	 Above
His remaining first class matches were low profile games against Oxford and Cambridge Universities; he played 13 games in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The dilapidated monastery was returned to the Church in the 1990s. The restoration of its church and other buildings	buildings	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The reanalysis added a previously undetected tropical storm in late October to the Atlantic hurricane database (HURDAT).	.	PUNCT	Reanalysis	NOUN	 Reanalysis
In the 1988 playoffs, the Lakers survived two 4 – 3 series against the Utah Jazz and the Dallas	Dallas	PROPN	Mavericks	PROPN	 Mavericks
It was General von Stulpnagel's lot to revive one of the most gruesome deeds. The world will rightfully	rightfully	ADV	be	AUX	 be
The 14 (or possibly 15) peaks over 3,000 feet (914 m), all in Snowdonia,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
It offers over 50 higher educations, taught in Danish or sometimes in English, with vocational education and it	it	PRON	participates	VERB	 participates
The jet, already several hours behind schedule, then suffered further delays taxiing to the runway. The weather	weather	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Several computer games based on the film were released, but not until several years after its theatrical run.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
Ryan McCaffrey of IGN also noted the new enemies as " some of the best " designs and concepts in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The city government recognizes 63 neighborhood associations. The city's most dense commercial areas are primarily located along Interstate	Interstate	PROPN	70	NUM	 70
Identification of candidates for a type Ia supernova explosion is much more speculative. Any binary with an accreting white	white	ADJ	dwarf	NOUN	 dwarf
For 2007, the university expanded its purchase of wind power to 132 million kilowatt hours. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The center turned to the north northwest, and early on June 30 Bret dissipated inland over Mexico. Tropical	Tropical	PROPN	Storm	PROPN	 Storm
This pyramid was most likely the burial place for Itzam K ' an Ahk II, and — seeing as	as	ADP	how	SCONJ	 how
In The Red Badge of Courage, the main character both longs for the heroics of battle but ultimately fears	fears	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Of the students graduating, 50% gained first class or 2: 1 degrees, which is below the	the	DET	national	ADJ	 national
The neckerchief is often worn with the Gilwell woggle. The axe and log logo was conceived by the first	first	ADJ	Camp	PROPN	 Camp
If the wood is crosscut, the red rot is vertically positioned, on which bleached, infested areas contrast	contrast	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Bowfin prefer vegetated sloughs, lowland rivers and lakes, swamps, backwater areas, and are occasionally found in	in	ADP	brackish	ADJ	 brackish
It also has an 18 bed psychiatric area. In 1995, the hospital completed a multimillion dollar expansion and	and	CCONJ	renovation	NOUN	 renovation
The soundtrack was released after the film's release and was acclaimed for " bringing an authentic and subtle flavour	flavour	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Kempelen was inspired to build the Turk following his attendance at the court of Maria Theresa of Austria at Schönbrunn	Schönbrunn	PROPN	Palace	PROPN	 Palace
On 3 March 1975 Amphibious Ready Group Alpha (Task Group 76.4), and the 31st Marine Amphibious Unit	Unit	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Born in 1926, Harper Lee grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama, where she became	became	VERB	close	ADJ	 close
Black finds her home, accompanied by paramedics who take her away. She gives Black the envelope — containing	containing	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Order waged a number of successful campaigns and posed a great danger to the Lithuanian territories. The Order	Order	PROPN	's	PART	's
This was the first time that the name " Humberto " was used as it replaced Hugo (it was	was	AUX	retired	VERB	 retired
In 1930 he played three Five Nations ' matches, missing the England game, and did not score any	any	DET	tries	NOUN	 tries
The label owes itself to the S III's use of the Android OS — the chief rival of Apple	Apple	PROPN	's	PART	's
Lady is significant as Disney's first widescreen animated feature, produced in the CinemaScope process, and was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The Invasion of Normandy, which started on the early morning of 6 June 1944, was in full swing	swing	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
" According to music journalist Charles Shaar Murray, the album " completely changed notions of what a guitar could	could	AUX	sound	VERB	 sound
The Dude meets his bowling friends, the timid Donny (Steve Buscemi) and the temperamental Vietnam veteran Walter	Walter	PROPN	Sobchak	PROPN	 Sobchak
In 2000, construction began on several new duplexes to fill land that was unused, resulting in housing for	for	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Staff writers of TV.com called this character progression for " seemingly one note characters " a strength of the show	show	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They confront each other, then sing a barbed version of the duet " I Don't Want to Know	Know	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
" Treatment of uric acid gravel by phosphate of soda ", Medical Gazette, p. 689, 23 August	August	PROPN	1844	NUM	 1844
The Krittivasi Ramayana, possibly influenced by Jain narratives, portrays Trijata appealing to Sita to we d Ravana and	and	CCONJ	rule	VERB	 rule
Before 1812, while Illinois had a first grade territorial status, Edwards had vast powers to appoint county and	and	CCONJ	local	ADJ	 local
A fourth Beta process building, 9204 4, was authorized on 2 April 1945 and was completed by 1	1	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
These alternatives may reduce the rate of weight loss of bears when on land. One scientist found that 71	71	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The TGS with Tracy Jordan crew have finished taping their fiftieth episode and decide to celebrate. Their boss,	,	PUNCT	Vice	PROPN	 Vice
At the same time, the later part of the century saw the emergence of specialisation and a number of	of	ADP	masters	NOUN	 masters
NY 63 briefly overlaps the east – west trunk road before resuming a northerly, downhill alignment toward the town	town	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A cornerstone of the genre. " Sputnikmusic calls it " a classic in the world of metal ",	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Kuhn played guard on the basketball team and was a shortstop on the baseball team which won a 1921 conference	conference	NOUN	championship	NOUN	 championship
In the absence of suitable plants, the eggs may also be deposited on leaf litter, stones, or	or	CCONJ	even	ADV	 even
On 1 March 1546, he was burnt at the stake in the presence of Cardinal Beaton. Knox had	had	AUX	avoided	VERB	 avoided
Being eager for knowledge, Faramir learned much from Gandalf about the history of the realm and about the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With three singles successfully released, the band decided to abandon their initial plans of issuing " Don't Panic	Panic	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Nevertheless, Seward was pleased that both nations would not meet with Confederate commissioners or recognize the South as a	a	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
As simple ultra vires concerns the exact powers conferred upon government ministers and statutory bodies, statutory interpretation is arguably	arguably	ADV	the	DET	 the
While only P. fimbriata (in Queensland) captures cursorial spiders in their nests, all Portia species steal eggs	eggs	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" The song had a huge impact on Bruce Springsteen, who was 15 years old when he first heard	heard	VERB	it	PRON	 it
According to Wicaksono Adi, in his review for Kompas, Adjeng's writing is her therapy, as it	it	PRON	entails	VERB	 entails
Elsewhere in the lyrics to " Circles ", Harrison contemplates the changing nature of friendship as, over the	the	DET	course	NOUN	 course
After the declaration of independence for the Republic of Macedonia in 1991, several private universities were brought to existance	existance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Republicans nominated Judge Edward C. O'Rear to oppose McCreary. There were few differences between the two men's stands	stands	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In the 56th minute, Cogan had a shot from the edge of the penalty area after out muscling defenders	defenders	NOUN	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
It is about the relationship between three men: Dominic Baciagalupo, an Italian American cook with " the look	look	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the closing days of December 1958, Guevara's task was to cut the island in half by taking	taking	VERB	Las	PROPN	 Las
Kellex's technical director, Percival C. Keith, disagreed, arguing that his company could get it ready and	and	CCONJ	produce	VERB	 produce
Thus, they serve to emphasis the welfare state model of the Constitution and emphasise the positive duty of the	the	DET	State	PROPN	 State
The original Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series started in 1930, and ended in 2004. Launched that same year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Lichtenstein once said of his technique: " I take a cliche and try to organize its forms to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
" In addition, Fonda told The New York Times in 1973, " I'm quite sure that there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
The intake design for Concorde's engines was especially critical. The intakes had to provide low distortion levels (	(	PUNCT	to	PART	to
" Usually, the boys and / or other characters ponder over what has transpired during an episode and convey	convey	VERB	the	DET	 the
Instead it carried the picture of a train station and an engine. " Holiday " was later remixed in	in	ADP	dub	NOUN	 dub
Conroy was the subject of numerous discussions Victoria had with Stockmar on the first day of her reign. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
Postcranial remains of Palaeopropithecus had previously been paired with Megaladapis by Guillaume Grandidier, who viewed it as a giant	giant	ADJ	tree	NOUN	 tree
I think the feeling in the dressing room was that the game had been a bit of a cock up	up	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
When he gets there, he makes small talk with Svea, who owns the boarding house where he stays	stays	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
There is an ancient tree, the Birnam Oak, standing a few hundred metres from the centre of Birnam	Birnam	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Nelson featured arrangements of acoustic guitar, accompanied by piano, played by his sister, Bobbie, as well	well	ADV	complementary	ADJ	 complementary
Naruto Shippūden: Gekitou Ninja Taisen EX 2 marks the first appearance of Orochimaru in a video game set in	in	ADP	Part	PROPN	 Part
In the 1950s and 1960s, a proposal was made to construct a freeway in western Nassau County. The	The	DET	Western	PROPN	 Western
Among his earliest memories were folk songs she sang to him. The household was not rich, but the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
Frank and Roo decide to get married because she is pregnant. Downing said that the serial was approaching sex	sex	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
" In 2007, Rowling described her religious background in an interview with the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant: "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Following Napoleon's defeat in 1814, the islands were ceded to the British in the Treaty of Paris,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
At the New South Wales Championships in January 1997, Thorpe's time of 3 min 59.43 s in the	the	DET	400	NUM	 400
The finds included a moderately large villa at Chew Park, where wooden writing tablets (the first in the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
There are bastions on the north west and north east corners, and two triangular spurs, originally equipped with	with	ADP	cannons	NOUN	 cannons
Two high schools in Wales were used for filming: Fitzalan High School in Leckwith was used on 23 August	August	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Shantayaé Grant of The Jamaica Observer wrote that " acting is spectacular, the emotions are real and this	this	DET	story	NOUN	 story
The fruit bodies are typically found growing in large numbers, sometimes in clumps, though solitary specimens are occasionally	occasionally	ADV	encountered	VERB	 encountered
These correspond to the 28 basic and two intercalary nights of the old Rapa Nui lunar calendar. These thirty	thirty	NUM	nights	NOUN	 nights
Æthelstan sent his half sister Eadhild to be Hugh's wife. Æthelstan's most important European alliance was with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
She later toured the region, helping to establish more than 75 chapters, and organized events to raise money	money	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In the 3 game November 21 – 23 2011 Maui Invitational Tournament, the team defeated the # 8 Memphis	Memphis	PROPN	Tigers	PROPN	 Tigers
He was awarded a benefit year in 2008, following on from successful surgery on an injured metatarsal. He	He	PRON	remains	VERB	 remains
The 1992 ceremony at the memorial was attended by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and at least 5,000 people.	.	PUNCT	Subsequent	ADJ	 Subsequent
It is a small island which has a circumference of one mile (1.6 km) only. Once called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In early March the following year, Speedy, under the command of Thomas Elphinstone, joined a squadron cruising	cruising	VERB	off	ADP	 off
After shooting Tom, Holliday tossed the shotgun aside, pulled out his nickel plated revolver, and continued to	to	PART	fire	VERB	 fire
According to Dickinson, the band originally approached actor Vincent Price to record the passage, but asked Clayton after	after	SCONJ	Price	PROPN	 Price
Cinematic director Jake Hughes independently combined the game's cut scenes into a two and a half hour film titled	titled	VERB	Anachronox	PROPN	 Anachronox
" [A] ppropriate consideration for the vitality of our federal system and for a rational allocation of functions	functions	NOUN	belies	VERB	 belies
She got revenge by convincing him to go skinny dipping and nicking his clothes. " Carolyn Stewart writing for	for	ADP	TV	PROPN	 TV
Frusciante and Beinhorn fought frequently over guitar tone and layering, and Beinhorn's idea ultimately prevailed as Frusciante felt	felt	AUX	pressured	VERB	 pressured
In that Game 7, both centers were marvelous: Chamberlain scored 30 points and 32 rebounds, and Russell	Russell	PROPN	logged	VERB	 logged
On another occasion, he is said to have cut his way through a squadron of five hundred Turks,	,	PUNCT	without	ADP	 without
On 26 January 2015, a Greek F 16D crashed while performing a NATO training exercise in Albacete, Spain	Spain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Other countries have different thresholds according local sensitivity to hail; for instance grape growing areas could be adversely impacted	impacted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He said he was " physically exhausted and emotionally drained " after 25 years of coaching and needed a break	break	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The winning couple are escorted away in a grand ceremony with " trompets, tabourets, and other manoir of	of	ADP	mynstralcie	NOUN	 mynstralcie
The highway was added to the state highway system in late October 1914. In 1916, construction began on	on	ADP	an	DET	 an
In a media statement published on the band's MySpace web page, lead singer Bernard Fanning, who originally	originally	ADV	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Darwin concluded: Finally, it may not be a logical deduction, but to my imagination it is far	far	ADV	more	ADV	 more
In 2010, OSI signed with Metal Blade Records. The label reissued Office of Strategic Influence on September 28	28	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The original speech was written by Soviet officers. Cho entered North Korea with the Red army that year.	.	PUNCT	Immediately	ADV	 Immediately
In the early 20th century, the local textile industry began to decline, which had a significant impact on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The parallel T beam bridges that carry I 15 over SR 161 at its northern terminus were constructed in 1966	1966	NUM	along	ADP	 along
A year later, in 1881, he met Scottish born millionaire Andrew Carnegie, and formed a syndicate with	with	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Readings from the Williamsport stream gauge, 24 miles (39 km) miles below Lock Haven on the West	West	PROPN	Branch	PROPN	 Branch
Headed by Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson), a group of employees write and perform a jingle for the	the	DET	commercial	NOUN	 commercial
Its upperparts and sides are grey, but elongated grey feathers with black central stripes are draped across the back	back	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In the same weekend in territories outside North America, the film was on 14,725 screens. With approximately 5.1	5.1	NUM	million	NUM	 million
In 1896, Savage sued his publisher for $12,000 in unpaid royalties. The publisher, Frank Tennyson Neely	Neely	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2012, after the cancellation of their Psychoville, writers Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith were commissioned to produce	produce	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Baseball America rated Mottola as the 71st best prospect in baseball before the 1993 season. Playing a full season	season	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Multi channel, multi octave multiplexers were investigated by Harold Schumacher at Microphase Corporation, and his results were published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In total, " Trouble " spent four weeks within the top 100. Elsewhere, song made a brief	brief	ADJ	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
Although Milian was a songwriter since her teenagers years, she only felt real growth during the production sessions when	when	SCONJ	Dre	PROPN	 Dre
In order to bolster his defences and provide an increased offensive capability, on 21 May Dunstan ordered the Centurion	Centurion	PROPN	tanks	NOUN	 tanks
Brief Teaching Edition of Volume A, Space group Symmetry (4th ed.). Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic	Academic	PROPN	Publishers	PROPN	 Publishers
The deposits often show layers starting with the least soluble at the bottom and the most soluble on top.	.	PUNCT	Deposits	NOUN	 Deposits
David Van Reybrouck praised the speech as " memorable ", but argued that it damaged Lumumba's own legacy	legacy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Her publisher, Random House, placed the poems in Oh Pray in her first collection of poetry, The	The	DET	Complete	PROPN	 Complete
Controversial to an older generation of readers, Konrad Wallenrod was seen by the young as a call to arms	arms	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The oxazolidinones are protein synthesis inhibitors: they stop the growth and reproduction of bacteria by disrupting translation of messenger	messenger	NOUN	RNA	PROPN	 RNA
He afterwards focused on literature, and, during the late 1920s and early 1930s, published most of his	his	PRON	prose	NOUN	 prose
Only 10 French tanks, out of 40, remained. In the two pitched battles the 7th Tank Battalion	Battalion	PROPN	fought	VERB	 fought
Later, Stewart and Colbert announced that their shows, The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, would also	also	ADV	return	VERB	 return
In 1939, Hitler and Mussolini resolved the problem of self determination of Germans and maintaining the Brenner Pass frontier	frontier	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Among the cut footage is a scene featuring Coulson as the infant's midwife, another of a man torturing	torturing	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Brazilian midfielder Sylvinho made his debut for Arsenal, while Ukrainian defender Oleh Luzhny was named on the substitutes '	'	PART	bench	NOUN	 bench
In his review of the seventh volume, he concluded: " this series takes the hoariest elements of the	the	DET	romance	NOUN	 romance
On 27 May 1961, Tunku Abdul Rahman, the prime minister of the Federation of Malaya, announced a	a	DET	plan	NOUN	 plan
He must have performed his duties with diligence as his salary was raised by £10 a year and after	after	ADP	1862	NUM	 1862
During the breeding season, the tits prefer to feed protein rich caterpillars to their young. A study published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She sank with the loss of 711 officers and enlisted men of the 1,103 aboard. The loss of Sōryū	Sōryū	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The watershed is a roughly rectangular area of about 54 square miles (140 km2). The topography of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The shop featured many of the collaborative products created as tie ins with the film from brands such as Oakley	Oakley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This attack included Franco British forces, and was spearheaded by Australian and Canadian troops, along with 600 tanks	tanks	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A writer from the Western Mail said that Abi's relationship with Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) is "	"	PUNCT	Walford	PROPN	 Walford
On May 7, Clarós issued an open letter to the City of Halifax and the fans of the Rainmen	Rainmen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At the 14th Screen Actors Guild Awards, the film received two nominations, of which Dee won the award	award	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Tripur was the 39th descendant of Druhyu, who belonged to the lineage of Yayati, a king of the	the	DET	Lunar	PROPN	 Lunar
The 16 point loss was the largest loss to Minnesota since 1977 and the largest to Minnesota at home since	since	SCONJ	1962	NUM	 1962
Huhanye Chanyu and his successors were encouraged to pay further trips of homage to the Han court due to the	the	DET	increasing	VERB	 increasing
Later the business evolved into machine knitted garments. A leat runs to the east of the town's main	main	ADJ	street	NOUN	 street
The current floors are Victorian in origin, having been built after the fire of 1830, but the tower	tower	NOUN	remains	VERB	 remains
" Macdonald's biographers note his contribution to establishing Canada as a nation. He was not an innovator;	;	PUNCT	instead	ADV	 instead
The Mongols seized the opportunity, organized a new invasion of Syria, and in September 1280 occupied Bagras and	and	CCONJ	Darbsak	PROPN	 Darbsak
In the same year, his opera Die beiden Kalifen (The Two Caliphs), a version of Wirth	Wirth	PROPN	und	VERB	 und
As of October 2013 the FDA has made determinations on the formulations from some manufacturers not being bioequivalent. In	In	ADP	2012	NUM	 2012
He grew up in Mississippi and rose to fame as the bass singer for the American pop boy band NSYNC	NSYNC	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This union between democrats of a republic and wealthy aristocratic subjects of a monarchy could not be formed without reserving	reserving	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In addition to its appearance on the Younger Than Yesterday album, The Byrds ' original version of " My	My	PRON	Back	PROPN	 Back
" A category of stage close seats called " The Red Zone " was created to be sold by an	an	DET	auction	NOUN	 auction
In 2006, Q ranked Remain in Light at number 27 in its list of the 40 Best Albums of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the courtroom, Peter exaggerates the story. The judge is not convinced, and even recalls his own	own	ADJ	prostate	NOUN	 prostate
Peresvet and Pobeda were transferred to the Pacific Squadron upon completion and based at Port Arthur from 1901 and 1903	1903	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Lucas moved back to Miami where he built a studio and is continuing to write songs and jingles. In	In	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
Produced by Tearce Kizzo, it is her first album where she co wrote all the songs. The album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Damien Leith made several appearances in the week after Where We Land was released. On 19 August 2007,	,	PUNCT	Leith	PROPN	 Leith
At that time, the Rockets set an NBA record for best record by a team with no All Stars	Stars	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The other segment of NY 128, and the majority of the current road, was designated as SH 50	50	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Mary Rose participated in the escort transport of troops in June 1522, and by 1 July the Breton	Breton	PROPN	port	NOUN	 port
After armed bands exchanged fire and one Mormon and two non Mormons were killed, the old settlers brutally expelled	expelled	VERB	the	DET	 the
Only a very few cases are truly the result of unprovoked attacks by abnormal individuals, which lost their fear	fear	NOUN	towards	ADP	 towards
Other ways of indicating depth included the Chinese tripartite composition method used in Buddhist pictures, where a large form	form	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Violence quickly enveloped the city in late December 1990, during the Somali Civil War, and on 1 January	January	PROPN	1991	NUM	 1991
The school identified transportation, steel, iron ore, and electric power as key economic industries. Wilson termed	termed	VERB	this	DET	 this
The following day a reconnaissance plane from RAF Coastal Command spotted the ship, and a raid by twelve Hudson	Hudson	PROPN	bombers	NOUN	 bombers
The reign of Pedro II thus came to an unusual end — he was overthrown while highly regarded by the	the	DET	people	NOUN	 people
Duplicated segments of the LMO1 gene within neuroblastoma tumor cells have been shown to increase the risk of developing an	an	DET	aggressive	ADJ	 aggressive
Cecil stated that he is flattered by this sentiment, but that he would never claim so himself due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The premiere of the fifth season of the series became the second most watched telecast in the network's history	history	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other support facilities include a shared Childcare Center, a student Wellness Center and a multi service Student Union.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Inland, the storm rapidly weakened, and the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories early on June 6. Shortly	Shortly	ADV	after	ADP	 after
A submarine landed further supplies and evacuated 50 sick personnel on 3 and 13 October. As part of the	the	DET	preparations	NOUN	 preparations
It was laid out in 1670 and is named after the contemporary Leicester House, itself named after Robert Sidney	Sidney	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Since 1990, Pacino's stage work has included revivals of Eugene O'Neill's Hughie, Oscar Wilde's Salome	Salome	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 115 games for Toledo, Torres batted.266, tying Nick Punto for the league lead with 42 stolen bases	bases	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Saint Thomas Christians include Syro Malabar Catholic, Syro Malankara Catholic, Malankara Orthodox Syrian, Jacobite Syrian, Marthoma	Marthoma	PROPN	Syrian	PROPN	 Syrian
Isaiah recalls their warrior activities and skill with the bow. (21: 16f) Ezekiel associates, "	"	PUNCT	Arabia	PROPN	 Arabia
Nikolai Dementiev (Николай Дементьев) – A self sacrificial painter and sectarian who admits to the murder, since	since	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
It starts at 31 m and finishes at 34 m. It begins with a gentle rise and finishes with a	a	DET	gentle	ADJ	 gentle
General Motors also noted that actual production of the Volt depended on further battery development, because the required rechargeable	rechargeable	NOUN	batteries	NOUN	 batteries
(John Jay, a Federalist who had given up the Supreme Court to be Governor of New York,	,	PUNCT	wrote	VERB	 wrote
As jazz quickly assumed a major role in the musical background of films, so did Manne assume a major	major	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
We are told later in the film that her ailing father does not approve of how she only runs with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Undaunted, they amended their suggestion to: " On the grounds of sanitation, education, and other matters	matters	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 21 September 1993, the Cambodian Constituent Assembly approved a new Constitution and Ranariddh became First Prime Minister,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The game borrows gameplay and graphical elements from Guitar Hero: Metallica, including the " Expert + " difficulty	difficulty	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
The Marsh was between Stratford Langthorne and Stratford at Bow. Little remains from pre history, but the names	names	NOUN	suggest	VERB	 suggest
This change solved the problem; quarters from 1925 and after are more common and cheaper in lower grades as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Since the church where the proclamation took place had long since been destroyed, he was forced to find an	an	DET	alternative	NOUN	 alternative
As of the 2001 UK census, 68.5% of Ashton residents reported themselves as being Christian, 6.1%	%	NOUN	Muslim	PROPN	 Muslim
Hunt had to resist the strong arguments of Hancock, who demanded Union fire to lift the spirits of the	the	DET	infantrymen	NOUN	 infantrymen
Kenny is killed after attempting autoerotic asphyxiation while in a Batman suit, while Kyle and Butters are sent to	to	PART	attend	VERB	 attend
A public beta test of the game's online multiplayer features, as well as saved films and file share	share	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1942, Jeffrey was posted to the South West Pacific, where he helped organise No. 75 Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
I think that she thinks about nothing else but what she's doing. " The film was controversial among	among	ADP	feminists	NOUN	 feminists
The Bossons Glacier is known to respond first, then the Argentière and the Trient Glaciers respond some four to	to	PART	seven	NUM	 seven
The Ostrogoths were soon reunited under the command of King Totila and captured Rome in 546. Belisarius, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
They incorporated carefree rock and roll and Brill Building pop influences in the album's hard rock songs, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
On August 6, D. J. Wilson was sidelined for 4 – 6 weeks following surgery on his pinky finger	finger	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In January 1889, they moved to Dundee. The following month, he strangled his wife with a rope	rope	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Roberts immediately launched an attack on Fort Mackinac with a scratch force of regulars, fur traders and First Nations	Nations	PROPN	warriors	NOUN	 warriors
Helmut Lent is officially credited with 110 victories in 507 flights. The total includes 103 victories at night,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
From May 1 to May 17, he had five multi home run games and his first five RBI game	game	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
McDonald was impressed by the intimate quality and use of silence on the demos, which both he and the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Monti attempted to crawl back towards cover. He is reported by comrades to have made his peace with God	God	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to its nature, the swap was not a transaction that would require the intervention of the FCC,	,	PUNCT	aside	ADV	 aside
Approximately 900,000 families were left without power and 100,000 telephone lines lost service. More than 20,000 trees were uprooted	uprooted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
But if Peter's right, and all these stand alones are also detailing a series of steps taken by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
At its peak, 104 persons were engaged in the work of the committee, including 34 field investigators.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
The second species described from the McAbee Fossil Beds is A. mastax which, unlike A. elongatus, is known	known	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Rick Fulton of the Daily Record positively reviewed the song, awarding it three out of five stars. Fulton	Fulton	PROPN	deemed	VERB	 deemed
His wife put this up with her own money for her wonderful spouse. " Nevertheless, the gladiators themselves	themselves	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Lead Belly) – 2: 21 Disc 1 bonus tracks " Left in the Dark " (Ken Draznik	Draznik	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
According to an article in contemporary women's magazine The Lady's Realm, the Countess lived a very quiet	quiet	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
In the female, the ear opening averages 31.7 mm (1.25 in) on the right and 27.4 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The mason John Mylne and the wright (carpenter) John Scott strengthened the Flodden and Telfer walls and constructed	constructed	VERB	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
Theme Park Insider rated the ride a 9 out of 10, based on 250 reviews. In April 2004	2004	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The single's music video was directed by Jake Nava, who also directed Carey's video for " Shake	Shake	VERB	It	PRON	 It
On 11 March 1966, the appearance of unidentified troops around Merdeka Palace during a cabinet meeting (which Suharto	Suharto	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Batchelor spoke of building a new stadium at Clifton Moor, and Persimmon, who held ten percent of the	the	DET	shares	NOUN	 shares
Although princes served no organ of state administration, the princes, consorts of the imperial princesses, and ennobled	ennobled	VERB	relatives	NOUN	 relatives
Further back, Irvine passed Verstappen for twelfth position. The positions at the front were the same for the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Thuận appeared to be astounded and asked Trueheart what blister gas was. Trueheart explained that the symptoms of the	the	DET	victims	NOUN	 victims
The land on White Station Road was sold, and a 30 acre (12 ha) property on East	East	PROPN	Massey	PROPN	 Massey
The Los Angeles Kings, Minnesota North Stars, California Seals, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	Blues	PROPN	 Blues
1540: " His genius was so rare and universal that it can be said that nature worked a miracle	miracle	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Talbot visited the US to promote the album, appearing on national television. Connie Talbot raised to prominence after	after	ADP	reaching	VERB	 reaching
He worked on other projects at the same time as Cold Feet: After watching the 1997 docusoap Holiday Reps	Reps	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This, and perennial problems in royal finance, led to several debasements of the coinage, with the amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Beauregard caused considerable historical controversy with his decision to halt the assault at dusk. Braxton Bragg and Albert Sidney	Sidney	PROPN	Johnston	PROPN	 Johnston
Other compositions included the Eighth Symphony of American composer William Schuman, an Overture Philharmonique by French composer Darius Milhaud	Milhaud	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Passchendaele attack, scheduled for 12 October, would likewise be hampered by limited preparation time and boggy terrain	terrain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
by Sheldon Kopp) from Peter that he had originally ordered for Olivia's doppelgänger from the parallel universe.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Some time between 1230 and 1250 a new channel was constructed westwards into Meare Pool north of Meare, and	and	CCONJ	further	ADJ	 further
It was viewed by 17.63 million viewers. " Folie à Deux " received largely positive reviews from critics.	.	PUNCT	Francis	PROPN	 Francis
In a 1989 reform of the education guidelines, the LDP controlled government first demanded that the flag must be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Craven has said McAdams was the only actress he considered for the part. She was drawn to the relatable	relatable	ADJ	qualities	NOUN	 qualities
Publishers Weekly's report in December 2001 on cumulative sales of children's fiction placed Harry Potter and the Sorcerer	Sorcerer	PROPN	's	PART	's
It continues to the northeast, where Route 41 ends at the end of state maintenance and Kings Highway continues	continues	VERB	northeast	ADV	 northeast
A general mounted attack commenced at 14: 30. By 15: 30, the New Zealand Mounted Rifles	Rifles	PROPN	Brigade	PROPN	 Brigade
Lewis continued, " To me, it's a big step in a different direction... and to be	be	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
Truman's life inspires audiences around the world, meaning their lives are controlled by his. Bishop commented,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It is the only mammalian species to lack an external vaginal opening. The spotted hyena is the most social	social	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
" He also praised Leslie's birthday surprise for Ron, claiming it " sets Parks & Rec even more	more	ADV	ahead	ADV	 ahead
The German forces were soon overcome, and thirty troops subsequently surrendered. While his men were clearing up the	the	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
For the week of December 30, 2013, " XO " debuted at number 44 on the Australian Singles	Singles	PROPN	Chart	PROPN	 Chart
It was one of the original 30 aircraft ordered by the RAF in 1978 and has been in service ever	ever	ADV	since	ADV	 since
The following year, he won at Madrid (March 1945), tied for second place with Antonio Medina	Medina	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
On 28 November 2010, a Rafale from the carrier Charles de Gaulle crashed in the Arabian Sea. This	This	DET	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
They diverge to a greater degree than some distinct wasp species, yet form a monophyletic group; this indicates	indicates	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Flooding washed out several bridges and roads, covering one highway with 6 ft (1.8 m) of water	water	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Peacock's translation as Dean of Ely three years later meant that he was largely absent from his	his	PRON	chair	NOUN	 chair
Other tasks and clues led to passwords that could be used to log in to these Aperture Science screens.	.	PUNCT	These	PRON	 These
After their previous band, The Reactionaries, disbanded in 1979, the pair continued to write new material and	and	CCONJ	formed	VERB	 formed
During a ring plane crossing event in 2007 the rings disappeared, which means they are geometrically thin like the	the	DET	ε	NOUN	 ε
Hogg described the team's working relationship as informal and their decision making as fully collaborative, particularly in the	the	DET	feel	NOUN	 feel
Anastasius then appointed as magister militum per Thracias an officer called Cyril, who proceeded to attack Vitalian's forces	forces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Soon afterwards the band split up. After leaving school with A levels in English, History and Economics,	,	PUNCT	Dickinson	PROPN	 Dickinson
In the 18th and 19th centuries, he was accepted as Scotland's " Universal Architect ", and at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
This concept was based on the Kenyan Council of State which was established in 1958 during its phase of transition	transition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
There was some confusion upon its release in North America: on the day of release, while it was	was	AUX	available	ADJ	 available
Nearly a century later, during the crash of the Mississippi Company and the South Sea Company in about 1720	1720	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
And once they've created a vaccine, they don't have to use Eisenhower era technology to manufacture it	it	PRON	in	ADP	 in
The ship's crew consisted of ten officers and 122 enlisted men. She carried a number of smaller boats	boats	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although these original three studies were all fast battleships, the General Board was not definitively committed to the higher	higher	ADJ	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
I think the real idea of the video is in a moment like that — in a private moment like	like	ADP	that	PRON	 that
Bruce publicly accepted responsibility for the team's poor run and admitted that he feared for his job, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, the females of most nocturnal species, including almost all moth species, use pheromones to attract males	males	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the following tour, the band headlined the Monsters of Rock festival at Donington Park for the first time	time	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
There are several pieces by Stoddart in Glasgow's Merchant City quarter. Italia, a 2.6 metre, glass	glass	NOUN	re	ADP	 re
Meanwhile, Restac has killed Malohkeh for his betrayal and awakened other members of the warrior caste, intending to	to	PART	stage	VERB	 stage
This road led to a watermill near Old Fields on the South Branch Potomac River. Due to the location	location	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bhawana Somaaya rated the film 4 stars out of 5, stating that film was not solely a medium for	for	ADP	entertainment	NOUN	 entertainment
The team plays league games on a Saturday at Dukes Meadows. Chiswick's cricket club, formely known as	as	ADP	Turnham	PROPN	 Turnham
During their first season in the League, Hull wore black and amber striped shirts and black shorts, which	which	PRON	they	PRON	 they
In early 1894 he won the All India Rifle Championship. After his success at shooting, Trenchard set about	about	ADP	establishing	VERB	 establishing
There are a number of risk factors for fungal meningitis, including the use of immunosuppressants (such as after	after	ADP	organ	NOUN	 organ
" Like his character, Quarshie is native to Ghana, though moved to the United Kingdom when he was	was	AUX	three	NUM	 three
At night, a network of 4,000 low voltage tungsten halogen bulbs illuminate the bridge. In 1993 the innovative	innovative	ADJ	use	NOUN	 use
The theme song, and the identity of its singer, was kept secret, but rumours of Adele's	's	PART	involvement	NOUN	 involvement
1858 – 1900. Coprolites are phosphate rich fossils found 2 and 10 feet (0.61 and 3.05 m)	)	PUNCT	below	ADP	 below
In 1875, rugby was introduced to South Africa by British soldiers garrisoned in Cape Town. During the late	late	ADJ	19th	ADJ	 19th
The rainfall supports extensive forestation. The western (leeward) side has a much drier climate. At higher	higher	ADJ	elevations	NOUN	 elevations
Some time in the latter half of 1940, De La Rue was seeing dinner guests off the base at	at	ADP	RAAF	PROPN	 RAAF
San Francisco has significantly higher rates of pedestrian and bicyclist traffic deaths than the USA on average. In 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Fall of Singapore in February 1942 led him to offer his services to John Madsen, the Professor of	of	ADP	Electrical	PROPN	 Electrical
The district also serves an unincorporated portion of the town of Mount Pleasant. Parts of Briarcliff Manor not covered	covered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Layouts portray the character partially nude, in bikinis, and in revealing cocktail dresses, though Tomb Raider:	:	PUNCT	Underworld	PROPN	 Underworld
" Finale " received critical acclaim from critics and fans, with many critics complimenting the writers for wrapping up	up	ADP	storylines	NOUN	 storylines
The couple settled at Tittenhurst Park at Sunninghill in Berkshire. After Ono was injured in a car accident,	,	PUNCT	Lennon	PROPN	 Lennon
Peru have since had contracts with Penalty (1981 – 82), Adidas (1983 – 85),	,	PUNCT	Calvo	PROPN	 Calvo
Another review from The New York Times said of the show, " The most imaginative show on television has	has	AUX	finally	ADV	 finally
A simple way to describe the people of the city is " orang KK ", where orang means "	"	PUNCT	person	NOUN	 person
This type of grassland — once common in the Tees lowland — is becoming increasingly rare with its associated species	species	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
By noon on 27 July, the 9th Infantry Division of VII Corps was also clear of any organized German	German	ADJ	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
" Once control shifted to the Democrats, Frank was able to help guide both the Federal Housing Reform Act	Act	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
By the time Crease left again for Canada in April 1858, he had married Sarah Lindley and had three	three	NUM	young	ADJ	 young
On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan Railway, along with London's other underground railways except for the small Waterloo	Waterloo	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
SR 40 continues through St. Marys along Osborne Road, which is a five lane road with center turn lane	lane	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
For Bayer, remaking A Nightmare on Elm Street was about bringing that feeling to a new generation, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
In order to consolidate support for the emperor in the two Yellow Banners (which had belonged to the Qing	Qing	PROPN	monarch	NOUN	 monarch
We agreed it was monstrous and must be prevented. Chester said he is determined, when he got home	home	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
When the airline arranged to buy new DC8, they decided to create a new official logo for the inauguration	inauguration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On May 17, 2014, an official video in a faux movie trailer style starring Beyoncé and Jay Z	Z	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Two Pakistanis were arrested in Brescia, Italy (East of Milan), on 21 November 2009, after	after	ADP	being	AUX	 being
As the battle began, several of Nelson's ships ran aground on shoals in the harbour, and a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
It was certified six times platinum on 16 May 1997, and by 2004 has sold an estimated 13 million	million	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
Lafayette, who had earned the court's indebtedness, convinced the king to address the crowd. When the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
" He also appears as a playable hero in E.A. ' s The Battle for Middle earth, and The	The	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
They company aimed for a 15 – 20% domestic market share and was named Color Air. The company	company	NOUN	launched	VERB	 launched
The annual planting has been continued by their children. A bench known as " Poet's seat " is	is	AUX	located	VERB	 located
In Chateaubriand's work, the grand conspiracy behind the massacre implausibly included native tribes from all across North America	America	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The whole reason for the entire damn show was lost. " He noted that reviews from indoor shows (	(	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	where
Fortresses, bridges, and ultimately churches and manors were built with stone and masonry. These structures followed the	the	DET	European	ADJ	 European
He was officially discharged on 2 May 1946. Employed by Australian National Airways (ANA) after leaving the	the	DET	Air	PROPN	 Air
Since then the title has traditionally been held by the eldest son of the monarch. According to a famous	famous	ADJ	legend	NOUN	 legend
In the autumn quarter of 2015, the university enrolled 3,588 graduate students: 438 in the Biological Sciences Division	Division	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is known that he was wealthy, and possessed estates in Paphlagonia, possibly adjacent or part of the	the	DET	Komnenos	PROPN	 Komnenos
Nonetheless, an article in the British tabloid The Sun (later republished in the New York Post) conflated	conflated	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the same year, Friedman was approached by the Free To Choose Network and asked to create a television	television	NOUN	program	NOUN	 program
Tyler agreed to this arrangement, and to this day all carriages on the Talyllyn have doors on one side	side	NOUN	only	ADV	 only
His reputation for " strong medicine " developed as he continued to evade the European Americans. After the January	January	PROPN	1st	NOUN	 1st
The episode was written by George Meyer and directed by David Silverman. Executive producer Sam Simon and writers Al	Al	PROPN	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
Late in 1942, more Volksdeutsche from the Banat and Romania were combined with the SS Cavalry Brigade to form	form	VERB	the	DET	 the
In Round the Horne, as well as acting as link man, Horne also played other character roles in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Admiral James Somerville's surface ships fired over a thousand shells at the port, and aircraft of the carrier	carrier	NOUN	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
Reynardine had been in love with Antimony's mother, Surma, and had used his power to steal a	a	DET	young	ADJ	 young
The Great Salt Lake differs in elevation between the south and north parts. The causeway for the Lucin Cutoff	Cutoff	PROPN	divides	VERB	 divides
Based on his liquid drop model of the nucleus, he theorized that it was the uranium 235 isotope and	and	CCONJ	not	PART	 not
The 1979 Conservative Budget of Geoffrey Howe cut the small companies ' rate to 40%, followed by a	a	DET	further	ADJ	 further
Mayor Michael Bloomberg's December 12, 2006, address to the New York League of Conservation Voters noted that	that	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
It differed both from the more segmentary modes of preceding regimes and the more absolutist modes of succeeding ones —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Mason said it felt " politically incorrect to take ideas from advertising, but it seemed a very relevant piece	piece	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was named MVP of the finals series. In all, the Hornets won eight straight championships from 2002	2002	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The episode was directed by Stephen Williams and written by Steven Maeda and Leonard Dick. It first aired on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
" 1 + 1 " is set in 12 / 8 time with a slow tempo of 50 beats per	per	ADP	minute	NOUN	 minute
Andrew introduced a new grants policy, the so called " new institutions ", giving away money and royal	royal	ADJ	estates	NOUN	 estates
Questioning of all three guests ensures that everyone says something about each donation. The programme's pilot episode was	was	AUX	recorded	VERB	 recorded
After several weeks of retreat, the Texian Army commanded by Sam Houston attacked and defeated Santa Anna's forces	forces	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
It strongly supported Darwin's theory of sexual selection, arguing that the obvious differences between male and female birds	birds	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Hyacinthe caused heavy damage to crops and damaged or destroyed 2,000 houses. Losses from the storm totaled $167	167	NUM	million	NUM	 million
As Antoinism, Dorism was criticized by some Catholic clergy members. The illiterate wife of Louis Antoine, Catherine	Catherine	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Hancock's young family accompanied him to his new posting, where Allie Hancock was the only woman on the	the	DET	post	NOUN	 post
In July, Starr became involved in " # peacerocks ", an anti violence campaign started by fashion designer	designer	NOUN	John	PROPN	 John
Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual signee could withstand the inevitable racial abuse that would be directed	directed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Sheppard was considered as foreign as Lapsley and even acquired the nickname " Mundele N'dom ", or " black	black	ADJ	white	ADJ	 white
Richard III made only a brief use of Windsor Castle before his defeat at the Battle of Bosworth Field in	in	ADP	1485	NUM	 1485
He was taken to New York Hospital – Cornell Medical Center in Manhattan, initially alert but unable to speak	speak	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
" The two radio operators went in opposite directions, Phillips aft and Bride forward towards collapsible lifeboat B. Archibald	Archibald	PROPN	Gracie	PROPN	 Gracie
Santos fought Ahmed Kotiev for the World Boxing Organization's welterweight championship on November 27, 1999. Kotiev retained	retained	VERB	the	DET	 the
The same song was played over and over for the whole day, but each time with a different video	video	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
Second, those clearly identified by the statute as considerations to which regard must not be had. Third,	,	PUNCT	those	PRON	 those
It is also the second highest grossing 2004 animated film behind Shrek 2 ($919.8 million). The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
According to British journalist Robert Fisk, the Battle of Maysalun was " a struggle which every Syrian learns at	at	ADP	school	NOUN	 school
The producer is credited for an SREC for every 1,000 kWh of electricity produced. If the utility buys this	this	DET	SREC	NOUN	 SREC
Thus, the acropolis, palace, and ballcourt all lie at the southern end of the Great Plaza.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
I sometimes feel like everything to him is a sort of scientific experiment and he is interested in a dispassionate	dispassionate	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
Together with Afanasieff, they toned down the song's arrangement, making it a bit glossy, especially in	in	ADP	comparison	NOUN	 comparison
Meanwhile, large numbers of refugees continued to move south, causing the British and Australians further concern given the	the	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
They threatened vague, but serious, consequences if anything should happen to the royal family. By 1792,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After the WTO phased out quantitative quotas on textile in 2004 under the Agreement on Textile and Clothing (ATC	ATC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Given the name Victor, the storm intensified to a peak of 120 km / h (75 mph)	)	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
RNAs are produced (transcribed) from a DNA template. By convention, RNA sequences are written in a	a	DET	5	NUM	 5
In this phase, water vapor condenses on various nuclei present in the air, forming the cumulus cloud.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
As a consequence of deindustrialisation, the unemployment rate was exceptionally high, especially among working class youth. It	It	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
During the Second World War, York played in regional competitions, before the Football League restored its usual competitions	competitions	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
His support came primarily from his own state, together with some votes from Nebraska (Bryan's adopted state	state	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The Guides were disbanded in January 1862 after the Confederate government of Kentucky fled Bowling Green, as Hines did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
West of I 87, the route crosses the Blue Line of Catskill Park and becomes the Onteora Trail.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
For a mid February game against UNC, some of the most eager students might even begin tenting before spring	spring	NOUN	classes	NOUN	 classes
There were some positive aspects of the third season's ratings however. Among adults aged 18 to 49,	,	PUNCT	Fringe	PROPN	 Fringe
Under the new constitution, Southern Rhodesia became a self governing British colony, subsequent to a 1922 referendum.	.	PUNCT	Rhodesians	NOUN	 Rhodesians
Several people attempted to restart mining operations in 1898, 1909, 1916, and 1950, but none of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
" GamePro gave the Tetris & Dr. Mario compilation a rave review. They praised the Mixed Match mode and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
During the war, he served for four years with the Royal Australian Air Force. Upon his return,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The PVA 38th Corps, on the other hand, was marching towards the Kunu ri — Sunchon road virtually	virtually	ADV	unopposed	ADJ	 unopposed
As a caisson descended, the chain coiled up at the bottom of the lift. The small amount of	of	ADP	energy	NOUN	 energy
On a 2nd and 5 from the Buffalo 15 yard line, Tyler Lorenzen scored his second rushing touchdown of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was recognised by a pay raise to $10,000 per annum in 1954. Christy joined Oppenheimer, Lauritsen	Lauritsen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
SDSS has recorded redshifts for galaxies as high as 0.8, and has been involved in the detection of quasars	quasars	NOUN	beyond	ADP	 beyond
The Frigates, An Account of the Lighter Warships of the Napoleonic Wars 1793 – 1815. Leo Cooper.	.	PUNCT	ISBN	VERB	 ISBN
These were some of the first new songs played on the radio after the release of " Pumps " and	and	CCONJ	both	PRON	 both
Anna encounters them, and they confide in her (" Hello, Young Lovers ", reprise).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She was visited by King Charles XV of Sweden on one occasion when visiting one of Sweden's west coast	coast	PROPN	ports	NOUN	 ports
ProtoGalaxy is presented from a 2.5D perspective; the 2D playing field employs 3D graphics. ProtoGalaxy incorporates elements of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Though the northern section of Route 7 begins a few blocks south, it is not readily recognized (minimal	minimal	ADJ	signing	NOUN	 signing
In 2001, Trevor was one of five finalists for the Tewaaraton Trophy as the outstanding male player in college	college	NOUN	lacrosse	NOUN	 lacrosse
Franklin urged Congress to accommodate Lafayette, and also keep him safe and out of the action lest his death	death	NOUN	harm	NOUN	 harm
While in California, Washington authored the novel, A Tale to be Told Some Fifty Years Hence, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The fourth (skewed) wheel is a backup in case one of the other three wheels fails. Each	Each	DET	wheel	NOUN	 wheel
" However, the reviewer said her themes of gender and religion, " rendered artfully and gracefully in [	[	X	The	DET	The
There are records of migrant house martins staying to breed in Namibia and South Africa instead of returning north.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
With a black and minority ethnic population of 3% in 2001, Cranham and Upminster wards have the lowest	lowest	ADJ	Simpson	PROPN	 Simpson
Jacques started her run in ITMA in September 1947, at the beginning of series eleven, which ran for	for	ADP	38	NUM	 38
It was his 19th ODI century and his fifth in Bangladesh, making him the batsman with most ODI centuries	centuries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Toward the end of season five, House begins to hallucinate; after eliminating other possible diagnoses, Wilson and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Revolver Entertainment licensed it in January 2008 and was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on February 25.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
While Titanfall has no offline, single player, or local splitscreen modes, it supports system link over a	a	DET	local	ADJ	 local
Though his stellar play had Cardinals ' fans chanting " M V P! " during home games as early	early	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The ship, part of the US Navy's Battleship Division Nine, under the command of Rear Admiral Hugh	Hugh	PROPN	Rodman	PROPN	 Rodman
Educational programs were also given emphasis by the embassy in the years after independence, and there was a sizable	sizable	ADJ	Peace	PROPN	 Peace
' " On behalf of USA Today, Patrick Ryan labelled the track as a hybrid of " anthemic "	"	PUNCT	sound	NOUN	 sound
Many of the investigations centered on the country ’ s history under communism, especially in the instance of the	the	DET	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
McCoy spent the 2012 season backing up Browns ' rookie first round pick Brandon Weeden. When Weeden was injured	injured	VERB	against	ADP	 against
145) in the old Hellenistic city of Pergamon and the so called " Round Temple " at Ostia (	(	PUNCT	c.	PROPN	c.
Following the success of his corps at the Battle of Broodseinde on 4 October 1917, Godley believed the morale	morale	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With their timeframe extended, the development team added extra attacks for the ten characters, day – night transition	transition	NOUN	interactions	NOUN	 interactions
The music was received with somewhat more favor than the episode itself, especially " Candyman ", sung by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1988 the Kilham estate was divided into three separate farms: Kilham, Longknowe and Thompson's Walls.	.	PUNCT	Longknowe	PROPN	 Longknowe
As in real life, it is the Red Baron, Germany's ace pilot and war hero, who	who	PRON	initiates	VERB	 initiates
Previously, it was believed that the background color had been blue and that all sculptures had been almost entirely	entirely	ADV	gilded	VERB	 gilded
Aubrey was so despondent at losing his job Stanton feared he would kill himself. Wall Street took the news	news	NOUN	badly	ADV	 badly
In any event, he soon decided against making a run. In March 2015, her book Whatever You	You	PRON	Choose	VERB	 Choose
Erik Adams of The A.V. Club awarded the episode an " A – " and wrote that " the quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Known parasites of this species include the copepod Trebius latifurcatus, which infests the skin, the myxosporidian Chloromyxum levigatum	levigatum	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By negotiating the Hay – Pauncefote Treaty with the United Kingdom, the (ultimately unratified) Hay – Herrán	Herrán	PROPN	Treaty	PROPN	 Treaty
The preface of Wilhelmina Rawson's Queensland Cookery and Poultry Book (1878), published in Australia, observes	observes	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Olly warns Stevie not to attend a party later but Naz says they should go anyway, and on the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
Edward Teller wrote that " Nobody knows all science, not even von Neumann did. But as for mathematics	mathematics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Emma said that the very first time she ever became aware of a polygamy revelation being attributed to Smith by	by	ADP	Mormons	PROPN	 Mormons
The album's songs are primarily guitar based and contain jagged, rumbling rhythms, loose guitar riffs, funk	funk	ADJ	licks	NOUN	 licks
The historical paradigm that all globular clusters consist of stars born at exactly the same time, or sharing exactly	exactly	ADV	the	DET	 the
Kasavin summarized it as " a short, uninspired game that's yet another would be imitator of Capcom's	's	PART	own	ADJ	 own
Barnes made only 12 and 15, jeopardising his place, but what Wisden termed " another of his dour	dour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He ended up winning the stage by fifty seconds over Bugno, thereby extending his lead over the rest of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
New South Wales won another Sheffield Shield title under Craig's leadership. In one match against arch rivals Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On the Illinois side of the bridge, US 150 began at the state line. During the 1950s,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
These were top grossing Bollywood productions, and both earned her Best Supporting Actress nominations at the Filmfare Awards.	.	PUNCT	Koechlin	PROPN	 Koechlin
Miller later explained that he wanted the production to avoid the mistakes typically made in movie tie in games involved	involved	VERB	a	DET	 a
Shrewsbury's monastic gathering was disbanded with the Dissolution of the Monasteries and as such the Abbey was closed in	in	ADP	1540	NUM	 1540
Ernest funneled his political thoughts into the private sphere, preferring to write covertly sponsored articles in the Coburg press	press	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The new word cultivar was promoted as " euphonious " and " free from ambiguity ". It serves a	a	DET	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
These modern admissions of ignorance are a relatively recent trend; earlier generations of historians were less sceptical. The	The	DET	historian	NOUN	 historian
The law students defined themselves as " patriots " and wore tricolour cockades to signal they were insipred by Jacobin	Jacobin	PROPN	revolutionary	ADJ	 revolutionary
The 8.12 inch (206 mm) 68 pounder weighed 10,640 pound (4,826.2 kg) and had a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Later, Streisand dons a disguise and visits the boys again, offering them a monetary reward for the triangle	triangle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In his book Maestro Mario: How Nintendo Transformed Videogame Music into an Art, videogame scholar Andrew Schartmann notes	notes	VERB	the	DET	 the
To further secure the foundation, workers drilled 660 – 880 ft (200 – 270 m) holes into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was also a great believer in the beneficial effects of fresh air, insisting that her horses ' top	top	ADJ	stable	ADJ	 stable
Indeed, a general strengthening of resistance along the Wadi Sukereir line was concentrated around Qastina, towards which the	the	DET	2nd	ADJ	 2nd
Ivan Pavlovsky, the Commander of the Soviet Ground Forces, visited Kabul in mid August to study the situation	situation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Gladys Noon Spellman was an educator in Prince George's County and chairperson of the National Mental Health Study Center	Center	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
The city was also under latent danger of attack by the Venetians. For centuries the people of Dubrovnik were	were	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
Northern Paiutes or their ancestors, who were hunter gatherers, have lived in the region for thousands of years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ratified by the British government on 12 January 1921, by the Japanese government on 25 January 1921 and by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Outside New Zealand and France, the focus was on the fact that, as in 1999, France	France	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The completed work, titled Kadosh, included a candlelight vigil, and dancers tearing their clothes and shouting questions	questions	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Mayer feigned madness to avoid military service during the war, which led him to intense examinations from a military	military	ADJ	psychiatrist	NOUN	 psychiatrist
Its conjugate base is acetate (CH3COO −). A 1.0 M solution (about the concentration of domestic	domestic	ADJ	vinegar	NOUN	 vinegar
He was usually placed near the bottom of the Yankees lineup, which was given the nickname " Murderers '	'	PART	Row	NOUN	 Row
After industrial activity declined in the late 20th century, land reclamation and post war residential developments have altered the	the	DET	landscape	NOUN	 landscape
Herd numbers fluctuate between 160 and 360 animals, with numbers changing based on weather severity. The population is	is	AUX	split	VERB	 split
She has attacks of hysteria and, despite Nemo's attempts to save their marriage, ultimately leaves him to	to	PART	pursue	VERB	 pursue
Utility damage was estimated at $3 million. Businesses sustained $1.9 million in damage. Dolphin also caused	caused	VERB	$	SYM	 $
The division left its training area in Austria over the period 1 – 12 May 1943, travelling by train	train	NOUN	via	ADP	 via
It could be argued that the creation of a Quistclose trust is not based on the recovery of the original	original	ADJ	interest	NOUN	 interest
" In 1935 a copy of the book listed for sale by Philip Duschnes, a New York bookseller,	,	PUNCT	contained	VERB	 contained
John Carpenter produced a ballet on the theme. Paul Frankl designed a range of popular " skyscraper furniture "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The wall was built facing inland, showing that the people living in the village were more afraid of attacks	attacks	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The Canucks went on to win in double overtime, advancing to the Stanley Cup Finals. Having suffered a	a	DET	torn	VERB	 torn
In addition to the box office and critical success of the film itself, the Mermaid soundtrack album earned two	two	NUM	awards	NOUN	 awards
The conidia produced are thin and curved with a whip like shape. They have 13 – 20 septa,	,	PUNCT	measure	NOUN	 measure
He believed that Merrick, who had to sleep sitting up because of the weight of his head, had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The second version project was approved by the city on August 4, 2005. Before construction of One Rincon	Rincon	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
By the 19th century, they were found performing light draft work, as well as riding and driving duties	duties	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The opening round of the season, which was the 1000 km of Catalunya, saw Bruneau, partnered by	by	ADP	Moseley	PROPN	 Moseley
All four Australian heavy bomber squadrons participated in the next major attack, which took place on the night of	of	ADP	7	NUM	 7
The east approach to the bridge features an abandoned gas station and the ghost town of Dewey. The west	west	ADJ	approach	NOUN	 approach
Adams composed the game's flamenco inspired music. A z axis was introduced in the 2008 release because he	he	PRON	felt	VERB	 felt
In the first round, Carlsen, surprisingly, conceded a draw to his classmate Brede Hagen (rated 2034	2034	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
He was wary of allowing his Catholic elder half sister Mary to succeed, and therefore drew up a will	will	AUX	designating	VERB	 designating
Harry planned to produce a jazz newspaper called Storyville / 52nd Street and contacted Sam Leach, the owner of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Last updated: France v Scotland, 4 June 2016. Statistics include official FIFA recognised matches only. The	The	DET	Scottish	PROPN	 Scottish
Earlier in the year, the long standing containment strategy toward the U.S.S.R. had been modified by Matlock's predecessor	predecessor	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
He sought and found the cursed sword Soul Edge, only to be pulled into the dimension that the sword	sword	NOUN	's	PART	's
The earliest known person to perform the bicycle kick is the defender Ramón Unzaga, a Basque athlete born in	in	ADP	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
These are by far the longest migrations known in the animal kingdom. The Arctic tern flies as well as	as	ADP	glides	NOUN	 glides
With Task Force 61, Cushing took part in the bitterly contested Battle of Santa Cruz in October 1942.	.	PUNCT	Outnumbered	VERB	 Outnumbered
There are also meteorologists assigned to data acquisition responsibilities, staff in this position are responsible for monitoring weather balloons	balloons	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In March, two additional processing keys were posted: C8 72 94 CE 84 F9 CC EB 59 84	84	NUM	B5	PROPN	 B5
Analysis of these RNAs has revealed that they are highly structured. Unlike DNA, their structures do not consist	consist	VERB	of	ADP	 of
He went on to join Gerry Mulligan's quartet and, with Benny Golson, to co found the Jazztet	Jazztet	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, once the decision was taken to send a corps size field force to fight in the South African	African	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
In the Champions League, Benzema scored an important double against Rangers at Ibrox Stadium on the last match day	day	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" As improvements crept in despite Eckfeldt's caution, the Chief Coiner saw their value and became more enthusiastic	enthusiastic	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He had it removed in February 2002, but it grew back later that season, and he missed the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
State law requires that wards be compact and contiguous and that the largest ward may not exceed the population of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although the Wehrmacht (German Armed Forces) was keeping the Allied forces contained along the Siegfried Line, the	the	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
The element <formula>, conversely, is the clamped electrical impedance, that is, the impedance presented	presented	VERB	to	ADP	 to
During the player's turn, three cards are randomly drawn from a deck of nine, each resulting in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
It was added to the front page of tism.com.au on 29 April 2011, the third anniversary of Tokin's	's	PART	passing	NOUN	 passing
It is considered by some to be the Great American Novel. The 50th anniversary of the novel's release	release	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The gap in the state highway within East New Market was closed in 1917. The segment of highway between	between	ADP	Preston	PROPN	 Preston
The golden yellow inflorescences appear in summer and autumn (January to April) and are 8 – 20 cm	cm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The actress also gave a speech in which she thanked Gorbachev, saying that when she and her family left	left	VERB	the	DET	 the
Capture and destruction of the canal bridge would be signalled using the codeword ' Jack '; ' Lard '	'	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
In this speech, which was subsequently published under the title of " Doing your Will ", he examined	examined	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the absence of radar guns, however, it is impossible to say just how hard Young actually threw	threw	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He scored three points in the first round robin game against the Czech Republic, an 8 – 1 win	win	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1952 the primary school had an attendance of 194 pupils, including children from the War Department housing estate	estate	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Nicaean Empire struggled to survive the next few decades, however, and by the mid 13th century it	it	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Bye Bye " on his cell phone display. Scully calls out to Mulder but he is speechless. The	The	DET	genesis	NOUN	 genesis
Tillman proposed a " maximum battleship " in a Senate resolution in July 1912, which was adopted unanimously:	:	PUNCT	Resolved	VERB	 Resolved
Rick returns Shane's pistol and tells Shane he needs to follow Rick's command from then on if he	he	PRON	wants	VERB	 wants
The plutonium was then chemically separated from the uranium. The gun type design proved impractical to use with plutonium	plutonium	NOUN	so	SCONJ	 so
The episode was written by the series co creator, show runner and executive producer Damon Lindelof and supervising producer	producer	NOUN	Drew	PROPN	 Drew
In her book, Folklore, Horror Stories, and the Slender Man: The Development of an Internet Mythology	Mythology	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Some cats can develop a compulsive behavior known as psychogenic alopecia, or excessive grooming. Among domestic cats,	,	PUNCT	males	NOUN	 males
The Catechism states that, with the help of God's grace, men and women are required to overcome	overcome	VERB	lust	NOUN	 lust
He portrayed himself as a victim of public opinion, claiming that " a mournful accident was swelled up into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rowan Atkinson said that the scene involving Darling's " ghastly realisation " of his commission was " very sad	sad	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Devotees can first complete a ritual circumambulation on the jagati starting from the main entrance by walking in a clockwise	clockwise	NOUN	direction	NOUN	 direction
Nevertheless, the residents of Chincoteague, along with those on Tangier Island (part of Accomack) in the	the	DET	Chesapeake	PROPN	 Chesapeake
The latter interpretation is used in the following description. It is almost square, but at the front it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
While the terms of the sale allow Hilton to run the hotel for the next 100 years, they also	also	ADV	call	VERB	 call
A week before the show, the venue's box office told the Leicester Mercury that the concert was "	"	PUNCT	probably	ADV	 probably
Diefenbaker was relieved both that Trudeau had been humbled and that Stanfield had been denied power. Trudeau regained his	his	PRON	majority	NOUN	 majority
On September 18, 96, Domitian was assassinated by court officials, and with him the Flavian dynasty came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He scored 11 goals in 16 league matches as the club finished third. Đurić returned to Australia at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Bruce Harwood, who portrayed Byers, noted that the action sequences in the episode were a challenge. He	He	PRON	explained	VERB	 explained
In the 2011 census, for people travelling to work from this suburb, 34% travelled in a car	car	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The Wong Kim Ark court's affirmation of jus soli as the primary rule determining United States citizenship has been	been	AUX	cited	VERB	 cited
The part instead went to Eric McCormack, who revealed that taking the role was not difficult because he liked	liked	VERB	the	DET	 the
We were just two completely incompatible people. " She appeared in five films that year, beginning with the	the	DET	drama	NOUN	 drama
When repairs were complete, Barlow turned his ships towards nearby Gibraltar, but in the face of a westerly	westerly	ADV	breeze	ADJ	 breeze
It was originally set up to be a normal convention with 157 delegates in a non election year, but	but	CCONJ	because	SCONJ	 because
It's our moment to try all the things I wanted to and couldn't, so I started messing	messing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
By retort orientation: " Ex situ " technologies are sometimes classified as vertical or horizontal. Vertical retorts are	are	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
Besides the advent of swifter communication among Italian polities, his extensive building of roads throughout Italy also allowed Rome	Rome	PROPN	's	PART	's
Even some academic research was carried out (for example, by Władysław Tatarkiewicz, a leading Polish philosopher,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Fields of fire had been cleared, perimeters set and patrolling had been maintained. Nevertheless, the Australians had	had	AUX	also	ADV	 also
He began to learn to play the piano, becoming interested in it after hearing piano music coming from a	a	DET	classroom	NOUN	 classroom
Neither is such rank specified in any authentic Tenjin Shin ' yō ryū archival documents. While under Iso's	's	PART	tutelage	NOUN	 tutelage
This chamber is where the eggs are brooded, development being direct in most cases. The abdomen has six	six	NUM	segments	NOUN	 segments
It is the prototype GG1 and was originally numbered 4899. Built by General Electric in 1934, the locomotive	locomotive	NOUN	competed	VERB	 competed
In early 2009, Milian began working with The Dream, Tricky Stewart, and L.O.S. Da Maestro, which	which	PRON	led	VERB	 led
" Saint Maur swiftly corrected him, albeit " admiring his spirit ". The family took up residence at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
This cumbersome arrangement contributed to his slowness in attacking and crossing what is now called " Burnside's Bridge "	"	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Debating the 1854 Kansas – Nebraska Act, he explained, " The right to establish [slavery in a	a	DET	territory	NOUN	 territory
Smith graduated from Deptford Township High School in 1964 and went to work in a factory. She gave birth	birth	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive translation, cutting and wide interpretation without loss to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The bell is dated 1647. Internally, the south range includes three 16th- or early 17th century stone fireplaces	fireplaces	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Debuting at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart – their fourth to do so consecutively – it broke	broke	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 31 games with the Giants, he had a 2 – 0 record, a 3.74 ERA, 44	44	NUM	strikeouts	NOUN	 strikeouts
She progressed to the 19 August second round and was placed in Heat 1, which included Jamaica's Veronica	Veronica	PROPN	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
Armor plates were provided in front and behind the pilot's seat and for the oil cooler. The first	first	ADJ	XFR	PROPN	 XFR
The AT & T release occurred on the 26th of that month. A special " Team Canada " edition	edition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The ARBiH 502nd Mountain Brigade also moved north, flanking the APWB capital of Velika Kladuša from the west,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The music for its 2001 sequel Parasite Eve II was composed by Naoshi Mizuta and arranged by Hiroshi Nakajima.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The particles that make ice nuclei are very rare compared to nuclei upon which liquid cloud droplets form; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The song was co written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman with Swift's aid.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
He explained: " She asked Kathleen Battle and Public Enemy's Chuck D to contribute — an opera diva	diva	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The design of the photographer was based on American portrait photographer Annie Leibovitz. The song that plays during the	the	DET	photographing	VERB	 photographing
At the start of the competition, Somerset played with aggressive batting tactics, opening the innings with Kieswetter and	and	CCONJ	Trescothick	PROPN	 Trescothick
It portrays Jinnah (played by Alyque Padamsee) in an unflattering light, who seems to act out of	of	ADP	jealousy	NOUN	 jealousy
Bede also says that the Sussex area had been experiencing a drought for three years before Wilfrid's arrival,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
One of the islands is based on the United States, and has geographical replications of famous landmarks including the	the	DET	Statue	PROPN	 Statue
Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly found Beyoncé's singing " not quite convincingly a naughty girl ". This was	was	AUX	echoed	VERB	 echoed
During this early period, the Junta worked united against the royalist threats. Mariano Moreno, the secretary of	of	ADP	war	NOUN	 war
In 2012, The New York Times reported that " the income gap in Manhattan, already wider than almost	almost	ADV	anywhere	ADV	 anywhere
Of those aged 16 – 74, 37.0% had no academic qualifications, similar to that of 35.2%	%	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
According to Thompson, " Many parents think that stores won ’ t sell an M rated game to someone	someone	PRON	under	ADP	 under
In 2012, Nickelodeon teamed up again with SimEx Iwerks Entertainment and Super 78 to produce SpongeBob SquarePants 4 D	D	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The Arab Israeli conflict significantly impacted the quarter's politically uninvolved Armenian population. A 1992 article published by the	the	DET	Catholic	PROPN	 Catholic
He was also active in local politics. When a group of Islamic organisations formed the Indonesian Islamic Assembly in	in	ADP	1937	NUM	 1937
From April 2011 all private ambulance services in the UK must be Care Quality Commission (CQC) registered.	.	PUNCT	Private	ADJ	 Private
On July 30, 2014, Bosh re signed with the Heat after LeBron James announced he was leaving Miami	Miami	PROPN	to	PART	 to
McBride had been called in 1950 to testify before the Kefauver Committee, a congressional body investigating organized crime,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In 1816 the Kingdom of Illyria — an Austrian crown land — was carved out of the former French possession	possession	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All lyrics written by Robert Smith, all music composed by Smith, Simon Gallup, Roger O'Donnell, Porl	Porl	PROPN	Thompson	PROPN	 Thompson
In 2014, the center's reconstructed building design earned Scott Edwards Architecture an Award of Merit (also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Abi later discovers that Max used Ben to sign over part of Phil's businesses to him. In February	February	PROPN	2015	NUM	 2015
She's having a rest, we'll be going on soon. There's no hurry you see,	,	PUNCT	we	PRON	 we
Keamy is introduced in the fifth episode of the fourth season as a crew member aboard the freighter called the	the	DET	Kahana	PROPN	 Kahana
In contrast with 1999's Guerrilla, which featured songs with " self consciously disposable, happy " lyrics,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Instrumentation of the song was provided for by multiple musicians: Shkreli was appointed head of sound design, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Ainsworth aided the reinstitution by himself donating two flitches for the first of the revived ceremonies in 1855. They	They	PRON	have	AUX	 have
" " Suga Mama " is a moderate R & B and soul song that displays influences of the 1960s	1960s	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
In Montenegrin Littoral, each should be adorned with leaved bay laurel, olive, juniper, and rosemary twigs	twigs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
All federal and state highways in Texas are paved. Texas has 730 airports, second most of any state	state	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He was consecrated on 20 December 1153, by Pope Anastasius IV. Hugh was enthroned, or ceremonially installed	installed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Näslund scored a goal in the deciding game to help the Canucks advance. Against the Minnesota Wild in the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The oldest star yet discovered, HD 140283, nicknamed Methuselah star, is an estimated 14.46 ± 0.8 billion	billion	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The very next pitch, Revere struck out swinging. He attacked a garbage can with his bat in frustration	frustration	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
McMillan became an assistant Professor in 1936, and an associate Professor in 1941. With Samuel Ruben, he	he	PRON	also	ADV	 also
From each team's point of view, the one nearest its own goal is its defensive area, then	then	ADV	the	DET	 the
There's no sense of the elbow in rib, tongue in cheek aesthetic that so permeates the rest of	of	ADP	American	ADJ	 American
When the governor reluctantly did so, he said that " the propaganda in [Mooney's] behalf following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
By running over these coins, a kart collects them and increases its top speed. Having coins also helps	helps	VERB	players	NOUN	 players
Imperator Aleksandr II served in the Baltic Fleet and represented Russia, along with the cruiser Rurik, at the	the	DET	opening	NOUN	 opening
Narayan became frustrated with his supporting role for vocalists and moved to Mumbai in 1949 to work independently in film	film	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
On May 20, 2015 it was announced that two of the three ownership partners of MLSE, Bell Canada	Canada	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Budolfi Church and the old town hall line Gammeltorv, the old market square. The main shopping streets	streets	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Mary Shelley's last years were blighted by illness. From 1839, she suffered from headaches and bouts of	of	ADP	paralysis	NOUN	 paralysis
In 2011, Murray became only the seventh player in the Open Era to reach the semifinals of all four	four	NUM	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
It was directed by Beth McCarthy Miller, and co written by series creator Tina Fey and co showrunner and	and	CCONJ	executive	ADJ	 executive
Significant releases from the dam have drawn opposition from people such as Oklahoma State Representative Doug Cox. He argues	argues	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Except where prefixed with a letter, postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964, based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The song Life Story by the band Crash Anthem was used as the official theme for the show. Destination	Destination	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
Hassett (139) and Bradman (128) then put on 231, Bradman making his sixth century of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The city has two official slogans or mottos: " The City of Flowers ", meant to encourage the	the	DET	planting	NOUN	 planting
The subspecies Mycobacterium tuberculosis, though, is rarely present in wild animals. An effort to eradicate bovine tuberculosis	tuberculosis	NOUN	caused	VERB	 caused
His appointment ended in May 1835 when President Antonio López de Santa Anna abolished the Coahuila y Tejas government and	and	CCONJ	ordered	VERB	 ordered
" Rob Babcock was named General Manager on June 7, 2004, alongside the appointments of Wayne Embry as	as	ADP	senior	ADJ	 senior
Eventually, the bad press leads the authorities to brand him an outlaw. Ironically, Peter finally lands a	a	DET	job	NOUN	 job
They sold the hotel in 1977. Pope Hennessy stayed in Banagher from March 1970 to April 1971 and largely	largely	ADV	completed	VERB	 completed
The party regards the family to be a natural, necessary and basic element in a free society. It	It	PRON	regards	VERB	 regards
These 5 " / 40 caliber guns could fire between 8 and 14 rounds per minute, with a barrel	barrel	NOUN	life	NOUN	 life
From 1993 to 2000 he was acting Hon. Consul of Mozambique in United States, and Consul from 2000	2000	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The " chrome bumper " NAIT 2 was designed to be factory modified to work as a preamp only unit	unit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sullivan also conducted the 1889 benefit for Barrington. At the Nellie Farren benefit, many of the performers listed	listed	VERB	below	ADV	 below
However, a unique feature to this game is the addition of a second series of scenarios after the player	player	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The Centre for the Living Arts is an organization that operates the historic Saenger Theatre and Space 301, a	a	DET	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
By 2007, Hsu's status within Hillary Rodham Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign had risen to the level where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The Morning Call's Len Righi criticized " Bizounce " for being indicative of a negative trend in R &	&	CCONJ	B	PROPN	 B
The flashlight has dual " True Tone " flashes, consisting of an amber LED and a white LED,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The mine extracted iron ore, silver, gold, copper sulfide ore, and pyrite from a rock formation	formation	NOUN	dating	VERB	 dating
The estimate of 101 enemy dead officially provided by the U.S. military was likely much inflated to emphasize the scale	scale	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Maine, the high rainfall caused widespread flooding, while the high winds destroyed at least 90 houses.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The price they paid per gram varied from A $16 to $320. Europol noted they became aware	aware	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
He turned his attention to land law, arguably the most well developed and complex parts of the common law	law	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The detective obtained a 64 page confession from Orchard in which the suspect took responsibility for a string of crimes	crimes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Broughton formally claimed the river, its drainage basin, and the nearby coast for Britain. In contrast,	,	PUNCT	Gray	PROPN	 Gray
" Cooties ", a solo for Amber in the stage musical, is present in this film as an	an	DET	instrumental	NOUN	 instrumental
However, many have noted Christian allegories apparent in Deathly Hallows. For example, Harry dies and then comes	comes	VERB	back	ADV	 back
Banners hanging from the towers show the college motto of " Juncta Juvant. " The creation of the seal	seal	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
His father was a solicitor with " somewhat seedy clients ", and the family were repeatedly bankrupted. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	financial	ADJ	 financial
The White Stockings met the St. Louis Browns following the season and agreed to play a best of seven "	"	PUNCT	World	PROPN	 World
In their free time, Oakley and Weinstein wrote for local comedy groups, such as Gross National Product.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
As Route 12 climbs into the Hunterdon Plateau, it heads through a mix of woods and farms with intermittent	intermittent	ADJ	residences	NOUN	 residences
The following day, on August 6, 1945, the Enola Gay, a Boeing B 29 Superfortress bomber	bomber	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He made his second debut for Cambridge in a 1 – 0 defeat at Forest Green Rovers, and scored	scored	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He stated that the tribe intended to ask the Confederacy for hostages, ostensibly in return for cooperation, but	but	CCONJ	really	ADV	 really
One of his anthologies, Readings in American Poetry for the Use of Schools, was created specifically for that	that	DET	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
He later said that David appeared obsessed and shared the similar dynamic he had with previous girlfriend Tina McIntyre (	(	PUNCT	Michelle	PROPN	Michelle
Mike Wass for Idolator praised Aguilera for having fun on the song and not letting her " I'm back	back	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Each half line had exactly six syllables, and each line ended in a trochee. The arrangement of dróttkvætts	dróttkvætts	NOUN	followed	VERB	 followed
The National Socialist German Workers ' Party (NSDAP; Nazi Party) was one of several far right political	political	ADJ	parties	NOUN	 parties
Haber visited Holmes in Herbertshöhe on 15 September, signing terms two days later. All military resistance subsequently ceased	ceased	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration chose to make Clark State Forest a training center for the	the	DET	Civilian	PROPN	 Civilian
However, the end of gladiatorial games in the Empire may have been more the result of the difficulty and	and	CCONJ	expense	NOUN	 expense
The Left Hand of Darkness is set in the fictional Hainish universe, which Le Guin introduced in her first	first	ADJ	novel	ADJ	 novel
Falco continued, " The audience knows what Gothel wants with Rapunzel, but the fact that we are unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
It took place in Baku, Azerbaijan, following Ell & Nikki's win at the 2011 contest in Düsseldorf	Düsseldorf	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Meyer Landrut grew fond of singing and appeared as an extra in a number of German television series; however	however	ADV	she	PRON	 she
The episode was written by Jeff Martin and directed by Wes Archer. Characters making their first appearance on the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
The fulfillment of these obligations is referred to as the " improvement " of one's baptism. Reformed Christians	Christians	PROPN	see	VERB	 see
He then recorded a few demos with Erdal Kızılçay before working on the album with the full band. For	For	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Karanga speaking Shona people are found around Great Zimbabwe in the modern day province of Masvingo. Archaeologist Peter	Peter	PROPN	Garlake	PROPN	 Garlake
He missed the game against England after suffering his third serious head knock against Ireland. Despite his injury concerns	concerns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Reverend Thomas Weld wrote, " The Lord heard our groans to heaven, and freed us from our	our	PRON	great	ADJ	 great
Toshack ended with 5 / 40 from 20.1 overs with Miller unable to bowl due to injury. During the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The elongated church (51.4081° N 3.4878° W ﻿ / 51.4081; -3.4878), a conglomeration of	of	ADP	distinct	ADJ	 distinct
Though Henriette refuses her drink, Maloin buys her an expensive mink stole. They return home to the consternation	consternation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Designed by comic book artist and toy designer Todd McFarlane through a collaboration with Namco, the character first appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This victory was one of the contributing factors to her getting a call up to the junior national team.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Palace kept their place, changed the kit back to white shirts and black shorts, and finished seventh the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
From February 19 to 28, at least one event final was held each day. † The numeral indicates	indicates	VERB	the	DET	 the
Doom Kounty Electric Chair gave the song a " dark rock " feel with their cover, released in 2004	2004	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The large circulation of the hurricane produced strong winds across the area, including maximum sustained winds of 52 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Other neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine and dopamine have multiple sources in the brain, but are not as ubiquitously distributed	distributed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The musical elements associated with the Rhinemaidens in this scene have not previously been heard; Holman describes them as	as	ADP	alluding	VERB	 alluding
Icebergs are most commonly seen in the waters off Newfoundland in the spring and early summer. Despite their size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The California Central had consolidated with the Los Angeles and San Gabriel Valley Railroad in 1887, giving it ROW	ROW	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
They purchased their first 8 track recorder at this time, and used it to record two songs later used	used	VERB	on	ADP	 on
As the 1982 season got underway, Herzog's newly assembled team won 12 games in a row during the	the	DET	month	NOUN	 month
The integration of former princely states with other provinces to form new states has also given rise to some issues	issues	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A separate 2008 study from Western Michigan University found that hybrids and conventional vehicles are equally safe when travelling more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
By 1100, the civilian population within the city walls was 1,050,000; the army stationed there brought the total	total	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Rose Bowl included Roy Riegels ' wrong way run. On October 12, 1929, Yale lost to	to	ADP	Georgia	PROPN	 Georgia
After, he hikes up a hill and rests at a burned stump. While smoking a cigarette, he	he	PRON	discovers	VERB	 discovers
The main antagonist of the game is Uka Uka, the evil twin brother of Aku Aku. Uka Uka	Uka	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The French Navy entered talks regarding the purchase of second hand F / A 18s with Australia, Canada and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Successful over a wide range of climate and soil conditions, it has since become popular and widely planted.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
Midford. Sealed proposals reqd. on embanking & excavation with the masonry; or each separately – send to	to	ADP	sub	NOUN	 sub
As a result of this episode, many of the Oliviers ' friends learned of her problems. David Niven	Niven	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
" Her mother Janis published Loving Amy: A Mother's Story, in 2014. Winehouse is the subject	subject	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Until 1952, many of the Communist countries of Eastern Europe had participated in Worker's Olympics or Spartakiads.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This designation also listed the property in the National Register of Historic Places. A National Historic Landmark is a	a	DET	site	NOUN	 site
Jennifer Aniston, Richard Belzer, Natasha Henstridge, Norman Lear, and Peter Serafinowicz have guest starred as other	other	ADJ	speaking	VERB	 speaking
Heavy rains also accompanied the system, with accumulations exceeding 100 mm (3.9 in) across much of Pilbara	Pilbara	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in 1895, launched in March 1897, and commissioned into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
" You Belong to Me " was Stafford's biggest hit, topping the charts in the United States and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
They typically live in compact colonies of many identical individual polyps. The group includes the important reef builders that	that	PRON	inhabit	VERB	 inhabit
In the accompanying material of the ILO's Maritime Labour Convention of 2006, the International Labour Organization estimated that	that	SCONJ	at	ADP	 at
The objective of Project BATON was the analysis of the life history of thunderstorms. A Department of Defense research	research	NOUN	activity	NOUN	 activity
The offensive was continued northwards, past Seoul, and across the 38th Parallel on 1 October. The momentum	momentum	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Outrageous " was also scrapped as the theme song from Catwoman. A 45 second music video composed of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The supply ships were protected by two task groups — commanded by Rear Admirals Daniel J. Callaghan and Norman Scott	Scott	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
About six miles (9.7 km) into Huron County, the highway turns to the northeast. Near Bad	Bad	PROPN	Axe	PROPN	 Axe
At bedtime, Granpa tells Emily the story of The Three Knights, of which was imagined on a bed	bed	NOUN	covers	VERB	 covers
In Australia, Rosebery chose to indulge his habit of solitude, installing his wife in a hotel in Sydney	Sydney	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He went on to score nine times in 23 appearances during the five month loan spell, including two goals	goals	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The brawl may have been provoked by the Beaumonts, for Alan was often associated with them. At a	a	DET	court	NOUN	 court
The cap is 8 – 20 cm (3.1 – 7.9 in) wide, initially convex but becoming depressed	depressed	ADJ	to	PART	 to
There are connections to other places, via the Transport of Rockland Route 93 and Short Line Bus Routes 17	17	NUM	M	PROPN	 M
Trails in the wilderness pass through dry east side and moist west side forests, offering spectacular views of Mt.	Mt.	PROPN	Adams	PROPN	 Adams
At No Mercy, Batista defeated JBL to become number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship, and Chris	Chris	PROPN	Jericho	PROPN	 Jericho
Discussion was later raised whether " Rainbow Warrior " was a reference to homosexuality or Parsons ' favorite auto racing	racing	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
The study, " Competitiveness of state and local business taxes on new investment, " provides a state by	by	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
At the same time she also became a member of another, more extreme far right group, the Northern	Northern	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
His exile supports the stepson theory, if Rædwald was protecting Eorpwald's succession against a possible claim by a	a	DET	son	NOUN	 son
Traffic studies have attributed congestion in the southbound lanes to the number of lanes merging from Highways 401 and 404	404	NUM	into	ADP	 into
The foundation walls were built on the limestone that creates a canyon along the river valley. Further excavation work	work	NOUN	showed	VERB	 showed
He also served as the president of the KCCA. Hussain was a good seamer with pace who played a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
Four years before this, Mojo placed it 7th in a similar list of the Beatles ' best songs.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
Originally used for hunting stags, it is today used for hare and drag hunting. The general appearance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Yardley lofted Toshack into the on side and the hands of Johnson at forward square leg to fall for 22	22	NUM	with	ADP	 with
The council was presided over by Berhtwald, the new Archbishop of Canterbury, and the decision of the council	council	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
While the Americans held the field of battle, they retreated because of the heavy casualties they suffered, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fall also included a duet with Freddy Fender, the first duet of Walker's career, on a cover	cover	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the end of its first week, the film collected ₹ 350.5 million at the Andhra Pradesh and Nizam	Nizam	PROPN	regions	NOUN	 regions
As a result of these renovations, the height was extended to 135 feet (41 m) high.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
According to Billboard, the tour grossed $22 million from 37 shows, 20 of which sold out.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
By August Bolívar was in control of Bogotá and its treasury, and gained the support of many in New	New	PROPN	Granada	PROPN	 Granada
105 Test matches have been played, with West Indies winning 43 times, England 28 times, and 34	34	NUM	matches	NOUN	 matches
Aisea Tohi was its sole track athlete, Ana Po ' uhila was its sole field and only female athlete	athlete	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The strand attracted comment and debate for several of its productions, such as Cathy Come Home, a Tony	Tony	PROPN	Garnett	PROPN	 Garnett
A few moments later, Savage pinned Jarrett after a punch to the jaw. The main event was a	a	DET	Six	NUM	 Six
Both Grenada and Saint Vincent remained in French hands until the end of the war, when they were returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The types of dwelling varied from tent rings made of the hides of hunted mammals, to stone hearths,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The bassline in the track is also generated by a moog synthesizer. On 11 June 2016, Disclosure premiered	premiered	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Lonely, Lisa considers going home, but decides to see it through. As the school year comes to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the 2015 San Diego Comic Con International, Whedon announced Twist, which was described as a comic book	book	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
When Bart disagrees, the bullies make fun of him which upsets Bart. Bart is conflicted and asks Homer	Homer	PROPN	whether	SCONJ	 whether
Furthermore, a section of the bow immediately forward of ' A ' turret is missing, which has led	led	VERB	historian	NOUN	 historian
In 1931, when he was aged nineteen, Winckel started working as a quartermaster on the freighter Pallau,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Three films were produced by the company in 2013; the first was Runner Runner, an ensemble crime thriller	thriller	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both indoor and outdoor air quality can be improved, which may prevent COPD or slow the worsening of existing	existing	VERB	disease	NOUN	 disease
Goalkeeper George Hollis, backs Arthur Littleford, Bernard Pumfrey and George Short, half backs Ted Devey, Caesar	Caesar	PROPN	Jenkyns	PROPN	 Jenkyns
Juniper also received $2.5 million from Qwest and other investments from AT & T. Juniper had $3.8 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Miller then attacked the local captain Wilf Wooller, hitting him over the sightscreen with straight drives from consecutive balls	balls	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 6 August 1966, the review in Ananda Vikatan described Anbe Vaa as an English film in Tamil,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Regino of Prüm states that the Hungarians " roamed the wildernesses of the Pannonians and the Avars and sought their	their	PRON	daily	ADJ	 daily
This was done after a careful historical review of documents related to the historical features that existed before it was	was	AUX	damaged	VERB	 damaged
Here, they ambushed the Dutch SS Wach Battalion as it headed toward Arnhem from Ede. Units of the	the	DET	Airlanding	PROPN	 Airlanding
Kubrick also cited David Lynch's Eraserhead (1977) as one of his favorite films and used it as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Himmler mentions the " Judenevakuierung " or " evacuation of the Jews ", which he uses synonymously with their	their	PRON	extermination	NOUN	 extermination
Her husband, Mike Delfino (James Denton), suspects that she is unhappy in their marriage. Susan	Susan	PROPN	wants	VERB	 wants
The next four games were drawn, despite fierce play from both players. In the sixth Schlechter managed to	to	PART	draw	VERB	 draw
Further, the screenplay also gives the impression that the successful original production of Show Boat, which Ziegfeld produced	produced	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Nemo keeps her ashes, having promised her to spread them on Mars. In a far future, Nemo	Nemo	PROPN	carries	VERB	 carries
The exterior of the oil pipeline was filmed in Cwm Dyli, Snowdonia, Wales, while the production teams	teams	NOUN	shot	VERB	 shot
Late on October 7, the storm was last observed to the south of Newfoundland. The storm was the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
They arrived at Abu Simbel on November 26, the site had been visited by Bankes and Belzoni in 1815	1815	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Karim and Setu had still 23,000 men between them but such a force was no match for the armies that	that	PRON	surrounded	VERB	 surrounded
After failing to gain United Australia Party preselection for the Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Prahran in 1931, he	he	PRON	ran	VERB	 ran
On October 26, 2010, a deluxe edition of the photo book was released, including the hardcover edition	edition	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Nelvana followed the first film with another two theatrical instalments, Care Bears Movie II: A New Generation (	(	PUNCT	1986	NUM	1986
It is also seen as B. spinulosa ' prostrate '. Propagated by Gondwana Nursery, this is a relatively	relatively	ADV	new	ADJ	 new
After studying at Christ's College, Cambridge, Fuller became a barrister of Gray's Inn. His legal	legal	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
Wood's choice of wording, that the Irish would be " obliged " to accept the coin, was	was	AUX	criticised	VERB	 criticised
The team worked in this direction to find a personality for Saints Row: The Third, which it found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and prevents the State from discriminating against anyone in	in	ADP	matters	NOUN	 matters
This was slightly below the average for the month at that time (1.49 inches), but the year	year	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The group performed " One Thing " on televised programmes and four major concert tours: Up All Night Tour	Tour	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
If I don ’ t make this team, I plan to still be a champion. " He entered	entered	VERB	the	DET	 the
The main islands are Ceann Ear, Ceann Iar and Shivinish, which are all linked at low tide and	and	CCONJ	have	VERB	 have
The train then enters a 180 degree curve, going through the last bunny hop and entering the brake run	run	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dodd participated in the Iowa Caucus on January 3, 2008. After receiving a disappointing total of 0%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There were also three book review columns: two by Gillings, writing under pseudonyms, and one by John	John	PROPN	Aiken	PROPN	 Aiken
" It was followed by Joseph Warren Beach's The Making of the Auden Canon (1957), a	a	DET	disapproving	ADJ	 disapproving
Interbreeding between the two takes place in the Nairobi National Park owing to extensive overlapping of habitats. Not many	many	ADJ	fossils	NOUN	 fossils
From the arming halls, they would be moved to either end of the building through pivoting doors 18 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Herc's first soundsystem consisted of two turntables connected to two amplifiers and a Shure " Vocal Master " PA	PA	PROPN	system	NOUN	 system
The Grants left from England by ship, sailing through the Suez Canal to India. They visited cities throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Eggs vary greatly in size, shape and markings, but are generally elongated ovals; white to cream or	or	CCONJ	pinkish	NOUN	 pinkish
Đurišić said he was willing to do this, and once the Partisans were defeated he said he would be	be	AUX	ready	ADJ	 ready
Yusef and Zainab then marry. After Zainab and Jane argue in the street Zainab and Yusef return home.	.	PUNCT	Zainab	NOUN	 Zainab
The smallest dwarf galaxies of the Milky Way are only 500 light years in diameter. These include Carina Dwarf	Dwarf	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Latin and Greek each cost $5 additional per quarter. Boarding at the school cost $3 per week	week	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
It shows reluctance to acquire " the high positive oxidation numbers characteristic of nonmetals ". It can form cyclic	cyclic	ADJ	polycations	NOUN	 polycations
Anne Hutchinson, a theologically astute midwife who had the ear of many of the colony's women, became	became	VERB	outspoken	ADJ	 outspoken
Most generally, State Shinto refers to any use of Shinto practices incorporated into the national ideology during the Meiji	Meiji	PROPN	period	NOUN	 period
In the summer of 1956, Childe retired as IOA Director a year prematurely. European archaeology had rapidly expanded	expanded	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Werner Krauss was banned from performing on stage and in films in Germany. He was required to undergo a	a	DET	de	X	 de
According to government figures Southampton has a higher crime rate than the national average. There is some controversy regarding	regarding	VERB	comparative	ADJ	 comparative
On February 9 and 11, 1960, the newly formed AFL agreed to " no tampering " policies with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The merger created Penn Central, which went bankrupt and was taken over by the federal government in 1976,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
His friends, family, and others would be sacrificed or be caught in the crossfire, many of them	them	PRON	dead	ADJ	 dead
She displaced 4,268 t (4,201 long tons) at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two	two	NUM	Parsons	PROPN	 Parsons
Of course, the film seems more consistent, but that may be because we've already traveled this maze	maze	NOUN	once	ADV	 once
The eggs are vulnerable during the incubation period, and often fall prey to mammals and birds. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was considered less pretty than her sisters Maria and Tatiana, though her appearance improved as she grew older	older	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Dubai's politicians and wealthy elite downplayed the situation before evacuating secretly, leaving countless Emiratis and foreign migrant workers	workers	NOUN	behind	ADV	 behind
Prior to his television career, Jones worked as a bank clerk, a telephone hotline officer and as a	a	DET	research	NOUN	 research
After escaping the planet with an ancient vessel, the Spear of Adun, Artanis reclaims the artifact as Zeratul	Zeratul	PROPN	suggested	VERB	 suggested
Comedy Central hosted a satirical television series named Straight Plan for the Gay Man, which featured four heterosexual men	men	NOUN	teaching	VERB	 teaching
Another tornado was reported north of West Palm Beach, although it affected a sparsely populated area; total damage	damage	NOUN	statewide	ADV	 statewide
He stated also that he had lost his patience with the questionable, according to his opinion, refereeing in	in	ADP	Greece	PROPN	 Greece
There Gelimer planned to ambush and encircle them, using a force under his brother Ammatas to block their advance	advance	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It uses several methods to mark its territorial boundaries, including claw marks and deposits of urine or feces.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In both cases Tange took Western ideas and adapted them to meet Japanese requirements. The gymnasium has a capacity	capacity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
What did you find in existence worth as much as this human nature? What price did you put on	on	ADP	rationality	NOUN	 rationality
Errol Fuller has also cast the 1662 " dodo " sighting in doubt, as the reaction to distress cries	cries	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In college, he was a catcher. He has played for the Cleveland Indians, the San Francisco Giants	Giants	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It dispensed with the membrane keyboard and used a case similar to that of the ZX Spectrum, incorporating 16	16	NUM	KB	PROPN	 KB
The antibody recognizes a unique molecule of the harmful agent, called an antigen, via the variable region.	.	PUNCT	Each	DET	 Each
Lat's success with The Kampung Boy created new opportunities for him. He set up his own company —	—	PUNCT	Kampung	PROPN	 Kampung
The plaintiffs believed that the damage occurred because the company opened the flood gates of the Lake Lynn Dam.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Other reports stated that O'Sullivan was suffering from depression. He reached the quarter finals of the Masters, but	but	CCONJ	lost	VERB	 lost
Liman von Sanders ordered the remainder of the Asia Corps to reinforce the XXII Corps by attacking westwards towards Tulkarm	Tulkarm	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Two scenes were cut from the segment; one of them would serve as an extension of Montymort and Slithers	Slithers	PROPN	plotting	VERB	 plotting
In 1408 English forces under the command of the future Henry V placed Harlech and its commander, Edmund Mortimer	Mortimer	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the first Test Windon harassed the New Zealand fly half with his aggressive defence, and pounced on a	a	DET	loose	ADJ	 loose
Thus the range of numbers that could be held in each 40 bit word was − 239 to + 239	239	NUM	−	PROPN	 −
The Enterprise arrives late, just after Malik fires the torpedo, but Enterprise destroys it, saving the Klingon	Klingon	PROPN	colony	NOUN	 colony
One of three highways within Essex County, Highway 77 serves to interconnect Highway 3 near Leamington with Highway 401	401	NUM	near	ADP	 near
Denver is a consolidated city county with a mayor elected on a nonpartisan ballot, a 13 member city council	council	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was one of the highest grossing Bollywood films of 2011 in India and internationally. The film was declared	declared	VERB	a	DET	 a
The sculpture is part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection courtesy of the Regional Arts	Arts	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
David was the latter's " greatest protégé ", one of Henry's " new men ". His	His	PRON	hostility	NOUN	 hostility
On 6 April 1941, Yugoslavia was invaded from all sides by the Axis powers, led by German forces	forces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However Garran is perhaps best remembered as an expert on constitutional law, more so than for his other contributions	contributions	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It is also the largest city in the Texas Panhandle, and the seat of Potter County. A portion	portion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The film used the fake working title of Corporate Headquarters. Some of the few outside of the production	production	NOUN	allowed	VERB	 allowed
Soon after Orme took over the lead, but began to hang left. In the final furlong Medicis passed	passed	VERB	La	PROPN	 La
An informal statistical census suggests that as of September 2012, there are between 7 and 12.4 million people in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Here, the two routes cross the right of way of the former Putnam Division of the New York Central	Central	PROPN	Railroad	PROPN	 Railroad
Hypocritically, Buffon replied that he believed firmly in the biblical account of creation, and was able to continue	continue	VERB	printing	VERB	 printing
The Americans planned to have the K 25 plant in full production by June or July 1945. Having taken	taken	VERB	two	NUM	 two
The organ, which had been installed in 1827, was moved to the space of the southern vestry,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
They will also wipe their tails between their forearms and then engage in " stink fights " by waving their	their	PRON	tail	NOUN	 tail
The Outer Harbor Crossing over the Patapsco River, which was dedicated to Francis Scott Key, who wrote The	The	DET	Star	PROPN	 Star
Alpha Tau Omega was founded at Dartmouth College in 1915 as the local fraternity Sigma Tau Omega. In 1924	1924	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After causing a collision with Bruno Senna in Spain, Schumacher received a five place grid penalty for the Monaco	Monaco	PROPN	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
McDonald announced his retirement as a player on August 28, 1989, stating in a press conference that he	he	PRON	made	VERB	 made
It ultimately became apparent that the Super design would not work, but the development of the Teller Ulam design	design	NOUN	provided	VERB	 provided
" Though most of the media reception of the musical was positive, New York Church of Scientology President John	John	PROPN	Carmichael	PROPN	 Carmichael
The Special Service Brigade was quickly expanded to 12 units which became known as Commandos. Each Commando had a	a	DET	lieutenant	NOUN	 lieutenant
Based on its spectrum, HD 154672 is not a very active star. The apparent magnitude (v)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
A preparatory drawing in the Uffizi with the same static scene is the primary clue to the appearance of the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
In contrast to other U2 tours, each of the Zoo TV shows opened with six to eight consecutive new	new	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
Orton's time was later beaten by Daniel Bryan, thus earning him the title match. On the following	following	ADJ	Raw	PROPN	 Raw
The work (running to 456 pages in three volumes) relies upon archive documents held by the university,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This segment was recorded by the astronauts on 26 June 2009. In an interview with BBC Radio, Bono	Bono	PROPN	stated	VERB	 stated
Primrose Hill Farm was demolished to make way for housing in 1965. Field End Farm, covering 50 acres	acres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The game was officially announced on May 15, 2014, and the first gameplay footage was revealed during Electronic	Electronic	PROPN	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
In the Central and South American cougar range, the ratio of deer in the diet declines. Small to	to	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
" Shortly after the PC release, Blow released resources for a level editor for Braid that allow users to	to	PART	import	VERB	 import
In 1936, Burnham enlisted the Arizona Boy Scouts in a campaign to save the Desert Bighorn Sheep from probable	probable	ADJ	extinction	NOUN	 extinction
Records of IRBC assessed rarities were included in BBRC annual reports for many years, although this ceased in 2002	2002	NUM	at	ADP	 at
While the bridge scenes were shot early, trouble with filming the transporter room scene delayed further work. Crew	Crew	NOUN	working	VERB	 working
Hubbard was far more interested in extracurricular activities, particularly writing and participating in the university flying club. He	He	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
At the start of the season Pinkner believed they had found a " good rhythm " between the two,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Following the 1992 regular season, Zosky played for the Tucson Javelinas in the newly formed Arizona Fall League,	,	PUNCT	hitting.326	PROPN	 hitting.326
Florey said this was useful in " giving the scenes the rhythms which we thought they required ". Skyscrapers	Skyscrapers	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In Wainwright's words: " The grassy western slope trodden by the multitudes is of little interest, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The total for the Stork Club was $181,000. Billingsley, out of town with his family, was	was	AUX	notified	VERB	 notified
" Listen " entered and left the UK Singles Chart on three separate occasions, In February 2007, it	it	PRON	entered	VERB	 entered
The head brewer Edward " Ted " Collins first produced Stones Bitter at the Cannon Brewery in 1948. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Chatwin provided different reasons to his doctors as to how he might have contracted HIV, including from a gang	gang	NOUN	rape	NOUN	 rape
The first game ended with an 8 – 8 tie in the eleventh inning, but the Reds defeated the	the	DET	Expos	PROPN	 Expos
Kapadia was noted for her " deglamourised role ", but most of the praise went to the performance of	of	ADP	Patekar	PROPN	 Patekar
At Getzville, NY 270 joined its modern alignment and followed it to Saunders Settlement Road (now NY 31	31	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Ball studied at the Lenton Church School, Grantham Grammar School and Nottingham High School before transferring to Trent College	College	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
When Wright designed the Heller House in 1896, it marked his move away from styles that were popular into	into	ADP	an	DET	 an
Domestic industry was not capable of building such large guns and they were not able to purchase the guns from	from	ADP	any	DET	 any
In the key March 18 primary in Illinois, Kennedy failed to gain support of Catholic voters, and Carter	Carter	PROPN	crushed	VERB	 crushed
The first known inhabitants of the banks of the Jordan River were members of the Desert Archaic Culture, a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Upon hearing this, Ann decides to drive up to Indianapolis to confront Chris. To Ron's horror,	,	PUNCT	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
They were also equipped with a pair of 50 cm (19.7 in) torpedo tubes mounted on the deck	deck	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Anthozoa (anemones, corals, etc.) and Scyphozoa (jellyfish), the mesoglea also contains	contains	VERB	some	DET	 some
It was released on June 26, 2012 in North America and June 29, 2012 internationally for Microsoft Windows	Windows	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
BEST!, a comedy play written by Liverpool playwright Fred Lawless, was staged at the Liverpool Everyman Theatre	Theatre	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
His mother, Leah (born Aletta Ferreira; c. 1865 – 1918), was a ninth generation Afrikaner	Afrikaner	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Both complained strongly when told that their resignations were expected, pointing out that they had both wanted to sack	sack	VERB	Heidemann	PROPN	 Heidemann
Today, these are the Beijing Labouring People's Cultural Hall and Zhongshan Park (commemorating Sun Yat sen)	)	PUNCT	respectively	ADV	 respectively
In 1803, Secretary of War Henry Dearborn appointed Scott and Governor James Garrard to evaluate sites in Kentucky on	on	ADP	which	PRON	 which
If they are able to procreate as soon as they take over a pride, potentially, they may have	have	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
Mao's habits were heavily influenced by his peasant background; biographer Stuart Schram suggested that this took the form	form	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After meeting with Lockwood, Christie met with MacArthur and related the events of Dealey's fifth war patrol to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times highlighted the performances of the cast, especially Michael Weston as detective Lucas	Lucas	PROPN	Douglas	PROPN	 Douglas
Three offshoots have thus far been launched, which include Mangaloreans Worldwide – An International Directory (1999),	,	PUNCT	Distinguished	PROPN	 Distinguished
The decline of the Pax Mongolica resulted in a decline of eased trade between East and West. The Mongol	Mongol	PROPN	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
At first, all the data on the map was not taken at exactly the same time in the early	early	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
It was released by Sire Records as the lead single from the album on March 3, 1989. Written	Written	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Because of misunderstandings and poorly coordinated signaling, the Swedish fleet attempted to turn and engage the allied fleet before	before	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Kitchener had received intelligence on their location and he hoped to damage the morale of Boer commandos at large by	by	ADP	sending	VERB	 sending
His primary objective was to " see her explode ", and he cast her as a morphine addicted wife	wife	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
I didn't want to contribute to these fame seeking journalists and opportunists looking to fill their churches or to	to	PART	get	AUX	 get
However, only a few weeks later, they withdrew their application because it was felt their team wasn't	n't	PART	strong	ADJ	 strong
Born in Antigua, resident in Taunton while playing for Somerset 1974 – 1986. Andy Robinson – former England	England	PROPN	rugby	PROPN	 rugby
Originally drafted by Stasov in 1868 for Hector Berlioz as a sequel to that composer's Harold en Italie,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Al Jarrah followed up his success by capturing Tiflis and bringing Caucasian Iberia and the lands of the Alans under	under	ADP	Muslim	ADJ	 Muslim
RMS Titanic Inc. has attracted considerable controversy for its approach to Titanic. Two rival camps have formed following the	the	DET	wreck	NOUN	 wreck
Farmiga said that she loved Violet " immediately " and that " she had spunk to her, she had	had	VERB	attitude	NOUN	 attitude
The garden's entrance door, also covered in bronze, is decorated with a relief of the Madonna and	and	CCONJ	Child	PROPN	 Child
Swank earned $75 per day for her work on Boys Don't Cry, totaling $3,000. Her	Her	PRON	earnings	NOUN	 earnings
This ensures that foals are born neither too early (before the spring grass is coming through), nor	nor	CCONJ	too	ADV	 too
Appleyard, instead of giving answers, retracted all his statements; he had also requested to see the coroner	coroner	NOUN	's	PART	's
In 1981 Terry Hughes proposed that the region around Pine Island Bay may be a " weak underbelly " of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He returns as a battle hardened, disturbed teenager who has been raised to hate Angel. His consequent violent	violent	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The chorus and orchestra of the new company were much smaller than those of the old company: the chorus	chorus	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In Tuscany this art can be found at the Centro per l ' arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci at Prato,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
As the storm moved northward over the Yellow Sea, atmospheric conditions became increasingly hostile, with significantly lower sea	sea	NOUN	surface	NOUN	 surface
Paul W. Fairman replaced Browne as editor in September 1956. Early in Fairman's tenure, Bernard Davis decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Futures reached $66.48, the highest intraday price since April 30. The contract was at $65.95 a	a	DET	barrel	NOUN	 barrel
On 8 May 1915, on the eve of the Battle of Aubers Ridge, Gleeson addressed the assembled battalion	battalion	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The family converted the building into a hotel, and in the late 1940s, the underground floor was remodeled	remodeled	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Zazula had a hard time finding a distributor for the record, but he eventually convinced Relativity Records to distribute	distribute	VERB	the	DET	 the
The other lawsuit involved Bloet's attempt to hold a manor free of dues owed to Westminster Abbey, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Holly accepts. Everyone then begins to congratulate Michael. However, Michael announces he is moving to Colorado with	with	ADP	Holly	PROPN	 Holly
The player then hears Pokémon cries from outside, which turn out to belong to a Pikachu and two other	other	ADJ	creatures	NOUN	 creatures
Rumors that white racists were responsible for his father's death were widely circulated, and were very disturbing to	to	ADP	Malcolm	PROPN	 Malcolm
By virtue of his failures, Adam becomes " the companion that proves the worth of all of the other	other	ADJ	companions	NOUN	 companions
For the invasion of the Soviet Union, 6th Panzer Division had 160 Pz. Kpfw. 35 (t	t	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Morton was personally opposed to slavery, but did not often let it inform his political decisions until later in	in	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
After three months, the pup begins to eat solid food and is fully weaned by ten months. The	The	DET	mother	NOUN	 mother
This brings a world of the Maya marketplace to vibrant life for archaeologists. Another highly beneficial resource to Maya	Maya	PROPN	archaeological	ADJ	 archaeological
Strong currents make submersible diving hazardous in the region. The researchers were continually met by clouds of sulfide and	and	CCONJ	sulfate	NOUN	 sulfate
Designed by Tetsuya Nomura, she was first introduced in the 1997 role playing video game Final Fantasy VII as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
A central room, measuring 6 m (20 ft) square, was surrounded by a 3 m (	(	PUNCT	9.8	NUM	9.8
Beatty ordered New Zealand to rejoin the squadron and turned west for Scarborough. The British forces split going around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
For a short time, General Grant made his military headquarters in the Halliday hotel in Cairo, Illinois.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
According to sportswriter Ed Fitzgerald in SPORT magazine, " [w] omen wept unashamed and the entire courtroom	courtroom	NOUN	burst	VERB	 burst
British record producer Ken Nelson and Coldplay produced the track for their debut album Parachutes. Vocalist Chris Martin admitted	admitted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
His career began in 1963, when he joined the Foreign Service as a clerical officer. Two years into	into	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The statue was founded by Robert Wood & Company, whose other works in Washington, D.C. include Major General	General	PROPN	Nathanael	PROPN	 Nathanael
James Caudy was born in 1707 in the Netherlands. He possibly arrived in the Thirteen Colonies through Prince George	George	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Janet Hirshenson, the film's casting director, felt that Jeff Goldblum would be the right choice to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
Aletta developed from an area of disturbed weather located south southwest of the Mexican port of Acapulco, Guerrero.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Helgoland had a mean draft of 4.6 meters (15 ft 1 in) and displaced 3,500 metric tons (	(	PUNCT	3,400	NUM	3,400
Feige also stated that shooting was slated to begin sometime in 2014, and that casting would begin towards the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
At the 2014 Soul Train Music Awards, " Say Yes " is currently nominated in the category for Best	Best	PROPN	Gospel	PROPN	 Gospel
With its seven domestic gates, the terminal also eases congestion at Terminal 1. In August 2015, the	the	DET	airport	NOUN	 airport
Lofton earned a degree in studio production at the University of Arizona while playing minor league baseball for the Houston	Houston	PROPN	Astros	PROPN	 Astros
Coolidge was quite frugal when it came to securing a home. They rented. Coolidge did not like to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
She died in December 1975 in St. Luke's Hospital, Denver, at the age of 75. A	A	DET	year	NOUN	 year
He published what now is known as the " Charcot Triad ", consisting in nystagmus, intention tremor,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Dot's relationship with her wayward son Nick (John Altman), has been a feature of the character	character	NOUN	's	PART	's
However, 79% of the housing in the city is between 100 and 200 metres (330 and 660	660	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Shortly after the release of Duke Nukem 3D in 1996, i d Software released the much anticipated Quake.	.	PUNCT	Like	ADP	 Like
Initially only eight mounts were planned when the ships began construction, but two more were added later, probably	probably	ADV	in	ADP	 in
While training, Corbin added 15 to 20 pounds (6.8 to 9.1 kg). Competing for the Chipola	Chipola	PROPN	Indians	PROPN	 Indians
Odin took Nótt and her son Dagr, placed them into the sky with a chariot and a horse each	each	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The ship's interior was made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room. The	The	DET	Romulan	PROPN	 Romulan
The ST took control over the club in March 2003 after the Inland Revenue accepted an offer of £100,000	100,000	NUM	as	ADP	 as
A longer dance segment intercalates with all the scenes during the whole video. " Born to Make You Happy	Happy	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
At the Saturn Awards, the film was nominated for Best Fantasy Film (lost to Babe), Make	Make	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In 1933 Tippett arranged the staging of a shortened version of John Gay's The Beggar's Opera, with	with	ADP	locals	NOUN	 locals
Wheeler became part of the DuPont design staff. He worked closely with its engineers, commuting between Chicago and	and	CCONJ	Wilmington	PROPN	 Wilmington
" On Metacritic, season one has a score of 87 out of 100, based on 41 critics,	,	PUNCT	indicating	VERB	 indicating
He has also ridden at the Badminton Horse Trials, where he is one of only two Americans to win	win	VERB	that	DET	 that
He drew cheers from the crowd on the road as well, with some writers attributing the attention to the	the	DET	unique	ADJ	 unique
" Likewise, Marc Saltzman of The Cincinnati Enquirer gave it four stars out of five and stated that,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Lucidi said repeatedly that he was only following Feletti's orders. He reported afterwards that he " would have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
For instance, he voted in favor of the Court's ruling that the states could not use religious tests	tests	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Anoop Gantayat of IGN called the Dreamcast version " possibly the finest looking 2D game ever, thanks to the	the	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Governor Woodrow Wilson was the Democratic nominee. Seeing Roosevelt as the greater electoral threat, Wilson spent little time	time	NOUN	attacking	VERB	 attacking
The Army Corps of Engineers commenced work on The Dalles Dam in 1952 and completed it five years later.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The Foch Line had two major modifications compared to the June 18 line: first, the entire line was	was	AUX	moved	VERB	 moved
A passing cold front increased convection further on January 12, which split off a cutoff low pressure area.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
In 1525 Pedro de Alvarado sent a small company to conquer Mixco Viejo (Chinautla Viejo), the capital	capital	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One of his brothers (accounts differ between Abd al Rahman and Abdallah) was left as governor, and	and	CCONJ	orders	NOUN	 orders
During the invasion, Sora obtains a weapon called the Keyblade that allows him to fight the Heartless. He	He	PRON	soon	ADV	 soon
The exit of the first high speed turn leads directly into a 183 foot tall (56 m) camelback	camelback	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Production was scheduled to commence in late May, but was delayed until early June. A small crew	crew	NOUN	flew	VERB	 flew
The size of the yolk sac remains mostly constant until around an embryonic length of 40 cm (16 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
Cyan, Myst and Riven's developer, set down " a certain number of rules " that Ubisoft had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
The strong English team defeated Australia three – two, retrieving the Ashes. Armstrong did not have a good	good	ADJ	series	NOUN	 series
As a result, local citizens decided to change the course of the Colorado River in 1934 to bypass Matagorda	Matagorda	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
" The authorities were very quick to respond to Japan and issued an arrest warrant for the protection of sharks	sharks	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
A journalist for The Wichita Eagle wrote that Jackson " shines on the sincere ballads " such as " Cry	Cry	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Sun's heliopause is estimated at about 100 AU, so the size of this outer shell would be	be	AUX	almost	ADV	 almost
The ending, where Alejandro and Eléna are happily married with their infant son, was added three months after	after	SCONJ	filming	NOUN	 filming
According to poet Edwin Thumboo, an emeritus professor of the National University of Singapore, Shelley " was a	a	DET	sensitive	ADJ	 sensitive
Some items such as the new 3.5 inch rocket were still being carried largely by airlift, 900 of them	them	PRON	being	AUX	 being
Both actors and crew slept in the same caravan in which the film was set. Ryder later commented on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its flow is regulated by the 33 metre tall (108 ft) Scrivener Dam, designed to handle floods	floods	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Under Yuri Andropov the state security service (in the form of the KGB) regained some of the powers	powers	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
Coolidge was shocked when Oliphant informed him that the British had predicted that only ten kilograms of uranium 235 would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Griffin says that he is " the happiest guy in the world because he's got a girl and is	is	AUX	290	NUM	 290
Individuals in the northwestern Atlantic population have a larger body size and reach sexual maturation later than those in the	the	DET	Gulf	PROPN	 Gulf
Its distribution includes east Asia, Europe, and eastern North America, extending south into Mexico and Central America	America	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She was diagnosed with ADHD, learning disorder, borderline personality disorder and narcissistic personality traits. She was discharged	discharged	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The chairs in that set were a problem, as the set designers wanted 24 matching chairs and decided that	that	SCONJ	folding	VERB	 folding
One depth charge rail and two throwers were originally fitted, but this was increased to 3 sets of rails	rails	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the start of the second half Alabama received the kickoff, took possession at its own 19, and	and	CCONJ	started	VERB	 started
Eventually the play simply became a version of An Evening with Orson Welles, which would often include a question	question	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The species was first officially described by Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1758. In the two centuries since then	then	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In Game 6, Curt Schilling, who tore a tendon sheath in his right ankle during the American League	League	PROPN	Divisional	PROPN	 Divisional
On the date with Ta (" I Enjoy Being a Girl "), Linda lies to Ta about	about	ADP	her	PRON	 her
There are also several community operated stations. A DAB + digital radio trial is also currently in operation,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
While negotiations for the city's surrender took place, Carleton fled down the St. Lawrence River in a small	small	ADJ	flotilla	NOUN	 flotilla
The fifth song and the third single " Missä muruseni on " (Where My Sweetheart Is) was written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Americans began to compress the pocket while subjecting it to constant bombardment by artillery, mortars, and aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although the primary mission of the order was military, relatively few members were combatants. The others acted in	in	ADP	support	NOUN	 support
Before the prime book selling season, their book had sold 250,000 copies in Britain. The book was at	at	ADP	one	NUM	 one
The grey currawong is unlikely to be confused with other species apart from other currawongs. It is immediately distinguishable	distinguishable	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
Out of the three states that the western portion of I 84 passes through, the 119.77 mile long (	(	PUNCT	192.75	NUM	192.75
NASA astronaut Rex J. Walheim marched in the parade carrying an American flag and wearing a prototype of NASA's	's	PART	next	ADJ	 next
1822), Man and Woman Contemplating the Moon (c. 1833), and Willow Bush under a Setting	Setting	VERB	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
Guest stars in " Skin of Evil " included Walker Boone as Leland T. Lynch, Brad Zerbst as a	a	DET	nurse	NOUN	 nurse
Help from above is always welcome, but Emancipation sounds like it just might do fine all on its own	own	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In Gortyn, in Crete, according to a code engraved in stone dating to the 6th century BC,	,	PUNCT	slaves	NOUN	 slaves
Richard Maibaum was once again the scriptwriter for the story, assisted by Michael G. Wilson. According to Wilson	Wilson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2013 – 14, a new Seoul based team, Daemyung Sangmu, joined the league, and prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Frank's response was that the additional defaults — 2.2% more of the total portfolio in 2009 than the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
In a little under a month after Boyd had assumed the vice chancellorship, then Georgia Tech president Arthur G.	G.	PROPN	Hansen	PROPN	 Hansen
Instead, Hogarth proceeded to create the engravings himself and announced the publication of the prints, along with that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
He is a Democrat who represented the state's 6th district, which includes the state's North Shore and	and	CCONJ	Cape	PROPN	 Cape
Since 1960 technological advances have made it possible to address various weaknesses in SI, notably the dependence on an	an	DET	artifact	NOUN	 artifact
He used the work of biosystematists Clausen, Keck, Hiesey, and Turesson to show that it was possible	possible	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Army Chief of Staff, Major General Leonard Wood, took up the matter with Secretary of War Henry L.	L.	PROPN	Stimson	PROPN	 Stimson
The Care Bears Movie received mixed reviews from the outset; critics raised concern over its potential as a full	full	ADJ	length	NOUN	 length
The episode also acquired a 5.2 rating in the 18 – 49 demographic, beating The Simpsons, The Cleveland	Cleveland	PROPN	Show	PROPN	 Show
Despite the warlike customs of the Vikings, there was an element of fear surrounding death and what belonged to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Like other species of fairy wrens, splendid fairywrens may use a ' rodent run ' display to distract predators	predators	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Andrew Mitchell, also from the Corpus Christi Caller Times, called the song " happy " and said that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
They displaced 27,320 long tons (27,760 t) at standard load and 32,220 long tons (32,740 t)	)	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
The road crossed the Vermont Piedmont — rolling hills and valleys with isolated mountains. On June 22 it was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
After a resting period of 1.3 days, Kepler began a nonstop 33.5 day period in which it observed 150000	150000	NUM	targets	NOUN	 targets
While he enjoyed the tour, Regehr stated that he was not interested in joining the many other NHL players	players	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
… What a gift! It's like Siegfried understanding the woodbird. " McMaster resigned in 1991, having	having	AUX	led	VERB	 led
Bass is also able to double jump (jump a second time in mid air) and dash along the	the	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
After the end of the war, Pillau was ceded to Italy as a war prize in 1920. Renamed	Renamed	PROPN	Bari	PROPN	 Bari
Geoffrey Chaucer makes reference to the Serjeants in the Canterbury Tales, writing: A serjeant of the law,	,	PUNCT	ware	VERB	 ware
Its reliance on large animals has been proposed as the cause of its extinction, along with climate change and	and	CCONJ	competition	NOUN	 competition
The use of zinc white (zinc oxide) as a pigment in oil painting started in the middle of	of	ADP	18th	ADJ	 18th
In February 2009, Saab submitted a tender for 36 Gripen NGs. On 5 January 2010, reports claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The painting has created an image of Stańczyk that has become iconic, and has been repeated in other works	works	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The site is known in oral histories of the Iroquois nations as " A Place of Great Sadness. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Surviving a series of dangers, including a near capsizing, the boat reached the southern coast of South Georgia	Georgia	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
None were interested except for a European financing company. McQuarrie and Singer had a difficult time getting the film	film	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
A dozen of the Mount Adams middle school students were accepted into the new program, along with the 140	140	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
Finishing moves: People's Elbow / Corporate Elbow (Running delayed high impact elbow drop, with theatrics)	)	PUNCT	–	PUNCT	 –
Tens of thousands of others emigrated to Canada or the United States, finding opportunities there to own and farm	farm	VERB	their	PRON	 their
By mid February, unrest spread throughout Syria and the authorities clashed with Syrian protesters in several cities. The	The	DET	commander	NOUN	 commander
The 2 / 5th Battalion received the following battle honours for its service during World War II: North Africa	Africa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Glorious was launched on 20 April 1916 and completed on 14 October 1916. During her sea trials in November	November	PROPN	1916	NUM	 1916
He said that they think players will feel a connection with Edgeworth and understand his character. As examples of	of	ADP	this	PRON	 this
" Canning rated the episode an 8.4 out of 10. Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger said that the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
The Bourne Free carnival is held in the town each year during the summer. Initially a gay pride festival	festival	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He further elaborated that what " ' Hung Up ' amounts to is a big gushy love note to Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	's	PART	's
While most stingrays propel themselves by undulating their disc margins, this species swims by oscillating (flapping) its	its	PRON	pectoral	ADJ	 pectoral
Like other main games in the Dragon Quest series, Yuji Horii wrote the story for Dragon Quest II,	,	PUNCT	Akira	PROPN	 Akira
As the captives were beaten, they were also stripped of their personal belongings, money and jewelry. Over	Over	ADP	the	DET	 the
A looping 45 minute soundtrack is played throughout the area. A " South Pole " is in the center	center	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is the beauty and beast effect when taking this pathway. The creative beauty allows the viewers to see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
Braithwaite volunteered for the New Zealand Expeditionary Force (NZEF) following the outbreak of the First World War in	in	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
This was a flat tax, a levy on production with a maximum rate of one percent. Given that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Also, similarly to HRS, pre renal kidney failure causes the formation of urine that has a very low	low	ADJ	sodium	NOUN	 sodium
In its succeeding week, revenues for Never Let Me Go saw an 117% increase, making about US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
Defending the Ottoman front line against the attacks by the 3rd (Lahore), 7th (Meerut) and	and	CCONJ	75th	PROPN	 75th
With it, he broke Kariya's franchise record of 669. Selänne returned to the Ducks in 2008 –	–	PUNCT	09	NUM	 09
He later banned unauthorised performances of his music, but it remains unclear when he did so; Paul Rapoport	Rapoport	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
On 30 March 1805, the French Mediterranean Fleet under Vice Admiral Pierre Charles Villeneuve successfully broke out of Toulon	Toulon	PROPN	harbour	NOUN	 harbour
This convention is entirely a matter of aesthetics and formatting practicality; a rarely used wide formatted periodic table inserts	inserts	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was important we played our game for 90 minutes. Accordingly, the Germans cut theatrics from their goal	goal	NOUN	celebrations	NOUN	 celebrations
In August 1898 a temporary wooden bridge was moved into place alongside the existing bridge, and the demolition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rollins got the win with a backside pin, and Orton completed his face turn by attacking The Authority before	before	ADP	being	AUX	 being
On 29 September 1986, in a case related to custody of a six year old child, the Tribunal	Tribunal	PROPN	de	X	 de
This view was widely promoted in speeches at a number of political picnics, held across Ontario during the summer	summer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is a rectangular bicolour with a field unevenly divided into green on the hoist, and red on the	the	DET	fly	NOUN	 fly
At Rhodes, however, the Byzantine fleet, encouraged by the soldiers of the Opsician Theme, rebelled,	,	PUNCT	killed	VERB	 killed
Whatever was wrong he fought with all his might. " Marlborough School paid tribute to James through a poem	poem	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It was not until October 1944, that it became widely accepted to give crews refresher training on new types	types	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Whereas in periods of decreased acetylcholine release the skeletal muscle in the external urethral sphincter relaxes, allowing voiding of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For defense against torpedo boats, the ship carried fourteen QF 57 mm (2.2 in) Hotchkiss guns and	and	CCONJ	eight	NUM	 eight
Spondylus was used in elite rituals, and the effective redistribution of it had political effect in the Andes during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
For those in Sicily who wanted to change their life for the better in those days, there were only	only	ADV	two	NUM	 two
For this battle, the British Prime Minister — David Lloyd George — had placed Haig and the BEF under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
[It] feels tailor made for George Clooney, who is very good. But the stakes remain frustratingly	frustratingly	ADV	low	ADJ	 low
" A Rugrats Passover " and " A Rugrats Chanukah " are two of the most popular episodes in the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Elsewhere in Guerrero, the coastal highway between Acapulco and Zihuatanejo received heavy damage, which later hampered relief efforts	efforts	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In 2012, a better specimen was described, showing that the lower arm was robust, though short,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
They flew from the aircraft carrier over Afghanistan, but the F1 standard precluded air to ground missions and the	the	DET	Rafale	PROPN	 Rafale
" 3 " received positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Monica Herrera of Billboard commented that the song "	"	PUNCT	builds	VERB	 builds
He earned third place finishes in both the 100 meter dash (10.95 s) and the 200 meter dash	dash	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 2009 Mehldau began a two year period as curator of London's Wigmore Hall jazz series, which included	included	VERB	a	DET	 a
Each of the five known manuscript copies of the Gettysburg Address is named for the person who received it from	from	ADP	Lincoln	PROPN	 Lincoln
The resulting constitution expanded the one term limit that had applied to the governor since 1800 to all statewide elected	elected	VERB	officials	NOUN	 officials
In 1905, the government announced plans to hold an international exhibition to celebrate the Entente cordiale signed by France	France	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Her motto was " Free to be Faithful ". She entered Georgetown University and earned a doctorate in Biochemistry	Biochemistry	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Cautious, however, not to attribute the start of gay activism to the Stonewall riots, Nestle writes	writes	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" At the end of June, the Kinks released the single " Days ", which provided a minor	minor	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Demon's Run was filmed in a military base and hangar in Cardiff. Steam was added to the set	set	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Grey reef sharks often do so if they are followed or cornered by divers to indicate they perceive a threat	threat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Soon thereafter, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the U.S. Senate Committee on Government Operations, under the leadership	leadership	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The transfer of command took place on 4 November, but Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch's promise to reinforce the	the	DET	existing	VERB	 existing
The section of the expressway between the Scajaquada and Harlem Road (NY 240) just outside the city limit	limit	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" From the opening games, England followed a strategy of accumulating large totals. For the first Test,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The Longsight Hotel, built in 1851 and demolished in 1985, was a part of the entrance. The	The	DET	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
Lasseter's intention with a sequel was to respect the original film and create that world again. The story	story	NOUN	originated	VERB	 originated
Today, these paintings are discovered as far away as California. By the latter part of the 19th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, there is a letter from Cantor's brother Louis to their mother, stating: Mögen wir zehnmal	zehnmal	NOUN	von	PROPN	 von
Some of his works have, in recent years, been taken up again internationally, but the music continues	continues	VERB	to	PART	 to
However, the medical evidence was not conclusive; Professor Martin Roth observed in evidence that he felt Forbes '	'	PART	condition	NOUN	 condition
Scribes A and B more often used nomina sacra in contracted forms (ΠΝΕΥΜΑ contracted in all occurrences, ΚΥΡΙΟΣ	ΚΥΡΙΟΣ	PROPN	contracted	VERB	 contracted
Myrmecia is one of the best known genera of ants. Myrmecia ants usually display defensive behavior only around their	their	PRON	nests	NOUN	 nests
This means that it was seen by 2.3 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 6 percent	percent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Working conditions for forced workers in Germany were notoriously poor. Workers were paid little and worked long hours,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It was commissioned for St Matthew's Church, Northampton and first performed on 21 September 1946, St Matthew	Matthew	PROPN	's	PART	's
Visual effects supervisor Matt Johnson added that for the lighting of the digital interior of Cerebro, " keeping with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Pahoehoe lava can sometimes become A ' a lava due to increasing viscosity or increasing rate of shear, but	but	CCONJ	A	PRON	 A
In January 1937, Voorhis's first legislative initiative was to propose a dramatic increase in spending for the Works	Works	PROPN	Progress	PROPN	 Progress
Selective breeding for traits including an ability to form a cooperative relationship with humans created a horse breed that is	is	AUX	good	ADJ	 good
His parents were named Edward Murrell and Hannah Murrell, née Dockrell. According to the investigations of the journalist	journalist	NOUN	Arthur	PROPN	 Arthur
The world returns to normal, though the memories of the past year related to the Dark Hour are lost	lost	VERB	to	ADP	 to
For the next two and a half centuries, Io remained an unresolved, 5th magnitude point of light in	in	ADP	astronomers	NOUN	 astronomers
However, Reitz did go to London, and finished his studies successfully. He was called to the bar	bar	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" RPGFan's Ken Chu, despite finding the camera's movement speed awkward and disliking some aspects of the	the	DET	graphics	NOUN	 graphics
Shortly after Sinlaku become a typhoon, the JMA estimated it attained peak 10 minute maximum sustained winds of 150	150	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
It was played at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on October 6, 2009.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Apache Rifles in 1964 was another formula Murphy western. He stayed at Universal for a few more years,	,	PUNCT	then	ADV	 then
In the latter but not the former case the reference to non charitable activities will deprive the trust of its	its	PRON	charitable	ADJ	 charitable
There is considerable size variation across the subspecies with a typical specimen measuring about 33 to 39 cm (13	13	NUM	to	PART	 to
John Sartain believed in equal opportunities for women and encouraged his daughter to pursue a career. He mortgaged his	his	PRON	house	NOUN	 house
An anti Cromwellian pamphlet published in 1660, The English devil, said that the nation had been " compelled	compelled	VERB	to	PART	 to
Chalkwell Coaches also serve Sheerness and the local area, going from Sheerness to Warden Bay via Minster On Sheppey	Sheppey	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This placement was not challenged until a 2003 paper by Russian palaeoentomologists G.M. Dlussky and K.S. Perfilieva, who moved	moved	VERB	the	DET	 the
In December 1915, the much depleted New Zealand and Australian Division was evacuated from Gallipoli, and was placed	placed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Maria slipped away from the group with Ivan Skorokhodov for a private moment and they were discovered together in a	a	DET	compromising	VERB	 compromising
" The combination of the effects of the Holocaust and postwar antisemitism led to a dramatic mass emigration of Polish	Polish	PROPN	Jewry	PROPN	 Jewry
Brett Alan Weiss of Allgame and Mike Bevan of Retro Gamer attributed the poor numbers to an industry slump in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In that article titled " On the Relativity Principle and the Conclusions Drawn from It ", he argued that	that	SCONJ	free	ADJ	 free
After walking to the B stage in a conveyor belt, Spears puts on a white trench coat and a	a	DET	satin	NOUN	 satin
A master backing track with bass, acoustic guitar, and drums was made during that same month, with	with	ADP	overdubs	NOUN	 overdubs
At the height of World War II, over 40,000 people lived or worked on the island. Beginning in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
DY Persei is a variable star that is the prototype of DY Persei variables, which are carbon rich R	R	PROPN	Coronae	PROPN	 Coronae
The Commandment Keepers believe they are descendants of Solomon and the Queen of Sheba. Matthew taught that " the	the	DET	Black	ADJ	 Black
Apart from a few irregularities, GC can be read equally well in any of those dialects, and several	several	ADJ	others	NOUN	 others
Miller was prominent with the ball and in the field, taking 5 / 46 and two catches for his	his	PRON	fellow	ADJ	 fellow
The album was released in the United States on April 22, 2003 and eight months later, Warner Music	Music	PROPN	France	PROPN	 France
White completed his law studies during the French and Indian War. White returned to Virginia in 1765, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The fact that the novel's title character, the President, is never named gives him a mythological dimension	dimension	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As was standard for capital ships of the period, she carried a pair of 21 inch (533 mm	mm	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Jardine had a top score of just 38 in the series, but only batted four times and was not	not	PART	out	ADV	 out
" Flu Shot " was written by Jon Pollack and directed by Don Scardino. This was Pollack's second	second	ADJ	writing	NOUN	 writing
Pleading with them that they can not just leave him there, Jordan replies to Foster using his own words	words	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He worked with the service for nearly two years, from November 1945 through July 1947, as a Search	Search	PROPN	Officer	PROPN	 Officer
Anyone detect a theme emerging? " Shelley has, however, also deemed Maddy to be one of Holby	Holby	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
About two thirds of cases run in families. Changing hormone levels may also play a role, as migraines	migraines	NOUN	affect	VERB	 affect
James L. Cheeseman had responded to the 1860 ice famine by moving his ice trading business from the Hudson northwards	northwards	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
He could face a sentence of up to 45 years in prison. The Complaint cites to statements from three	three	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
The revolt was repressed and the Han annexed Dongyue in the last months of 111 BC, conquering the remaining	remaining	VERB	territory	NOUN	 territory
Ikrimah covered the retreat of the Muslims with his four hundred cavalry by attacking the Byzantine front, while the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Returning again at the end of April 2011, Robson's best performance to date came at the $50,000	50,000	NUM	tournament	NOUN	 tournament
Hall, who had converted to the Roman Catholic Church in 1912, was devoutly religious. She was also	also	ADV	a	DET	 a
Originally, the game was known as Populous: The Third Coming, but the name was changed by the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The jaguar has an exceptionally powerful bite, even relative to the other big cats. This allows it to	to	PART	pierce	VERB	 pierce
The Defense Reorganization Act of 1958 was signed by Eisenhower in August 1958. It increased the authority of the	the	DET	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
The court's report found that " [t] he retreat of the Kentucky militia, which, considering	considering	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Samuel and his son Gabriel Radomir immediately headed to the east from their headquarters in the Strumitsa fortress to aid	aid	VERB	their	PRON	 their
' " The Pentecostal Holiness Church specifically rejects absolute perfection, angelic perfection, and sinless perfection — terms that	that	PRON	imply	VERB	 imply
Ramírez Treviño and El Gringo vied for the control of the drug trade operations in Reynosa, but the former	former	ADJ	had	AUX	 had
After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, government scrutiny of train and airplane passengers substantially increased, but	but	CCONJ	bus	NOUN	 bus
Humeral vein – The hind wing of most butterflies has the humeral vein, except Lycaenidae There is the enlargement	enlargement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In October 1840, the first specifically revolutionary secret society of the period was repressed by Prince Ghica. Among	Among	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Dark of the Moon has been found to contain recycled footage from an earlier film directed by Michael Bay —	—	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The freeway circles the western lakehead of Lake Ontario, cutting through Niagara Falls, St. Catharines, Hamilton,	,	PUNCT	Burlington	PROPN	 Burlington
Months later, West and fiancée Alexis Phifer ended their engagement and their long term intermittent relationship, which had	had	AUX	begun	VERB	 begun
The Sketch went so far as to claim the rivers of Poyais contained " globules of pure gold ".	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The army needed a thorough reorganization with new commanders and fresh troops, but these changes were not made until	until	SCONJ	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
The party defeat him and return to Chronopolis. They notice the planet's Gates are closing again, and	and	CCONJ	depart	VERB	 depart
The week following the Maryland game, Middle Tennessee nearly upset Kentucky. The Blue Raiders lost that game,	,	PUNCT	20	NUM	 20
Harmetz argues that they " brought to a dozen small roles in Casablanca an understanding and a desperation that could	could	AUX	never	ADV	 never
Quenya does not tolerate triconsonantal (or longer) combinations, except c (k), h, g	g	PROPN	followed	VERB	 followed
There are six species, sometimes referred to as " blackfish ", that are dolphins commonly misconceived as whales	whales	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
He remained a Christian Scientist at least into his twenties when he would teach Sunday School but fifteen years before	before	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Conversely, he stated that such criticism was unfair because the hardware could not properly emulate the arcade game.	.	PUNCT	Goodman	PROPN	 Goodman
" Why Don't You Love Me " also made number nine in Rap Up's Best Videos of 2010	2010	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The episode's title is itself a parody of the famous line " Hell is other people " from Jean	Jean	PROPN	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
GameDaily ranked him sixth on their list of the " Top 25 Gaming Hunks ", stating that while critics	critics	NOUN	described	VERB	 described
For both Gebhard and Ernst, as for the Spanish commanders in the nearby Lowlands, winning the war meant	meant	VERB	not	PART	 not
She was one of the class of five roughly similar battleships built in the 1890s, including Masséna, Bouvet	Bouvet	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After playing in four games for the Sox, his last coming on May 7, Seerey was sent to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Like spot welding, seam welding relies on two electrodes to apply pressure and current to join metal sheets.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The remainder was sold to the Connecticut Land Company in 1795. Moses Cleaveland was a surveyor, a lawyer	lawyer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Burton also told Cochran that he needed to repay a disputed debt of $70,000. Finally, Mahaney testified	testified	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Following the kick and a short return, the Hoosiers began work at their 41 yard line. After being	being	AUX	stopped	VERB	 stopped
The White Star Line chartered the cable ship Mackay Bennett from Halifax, Nova Scotia to retrieve bodies. Three	Three	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
A less visible duty of the MER was its role in the coordination of Soviet intelligence operations abroad. Exit	Exit	NOUN	visas	NOUN	 visas
By 1934, the executive branch consisted of sixty nine boards, commissions, and agencies in addition to the	the	DET	constitutional	ADJ	 constitutional
On 4 December that year, Parsons heard of President Dwight Eisenhower's " blank wall " directive, blocking	blocking	VERB	Oppenheimer	PROPN	 Oppenheimer
Its broach spire dates from the mid 19th century. The tower was given substantial diagonal buttresses with sandstone quoins	quoins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Webster appealed the length of his prison term to the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal, where Justices	Justices	PROPN	Gleeson	PROPN	 Gleeson
It is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, meaning that a deficiency of 50% of the normal enzyme	enzyme	NOUN	activity	NOUN	 activity
Selwood attended Catholic College Bendigo and played junior football with the Sandhurst Football Club, until he was chosen to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
It was later rumoured that a " ghostly nun " could be seen hovering over the place where Thomas had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The campaign ended in success and Hartman was inducted to the Walk of Fame on September 22, 2012,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
This new station, called Teatralna, would be located in between the Khreshchatyk and Universytet stations, and would	would	AUX	serve	VERB	 serve
". Upon its release, Summer Trip received garnered positive reviews from music critics. Many critics commended the	the	DET	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
The expansion and constant growth of the competition led to the decline of the Cup Winners ' Cup, abolished	abolished	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Last Exile was well received in North America, and the series was licensed for the English language by Geneon	Geneon	PROPN	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
" Aside from several televised performances, Carey included " Fly Like a Bird " on the set lists of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
Thomas Dadford was asked to survey a course, and he was assisted by his father and brother. He	He	PRON	proposed	VERB	 proposed
In " The Curse of Mr. Bean " and " Mr. Bean Goes to Town ", the character is	is	AUX	simply	ADV	 simply
Accompanied by an orchestral synth, string and brass instrumental, Alex Camp of Slant Magazine described " Infinity "	"	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
As a reward for his role, the Emperor granted Honório Hermeto the title of Visconde de Paraná (Viscount	Viscount	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
NBC's Mike Halford echoed Campbell's statement when discussing the benching of Semin, commenting that it was a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Jamaica spent the late 1940s in the Far East and on the North America and West Indies Station. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Robert Payne rejects the idea of any satiric content; he notes that satire began in The Double. A	A	DET	similar	ADJ	 similar
Other accomplishments during Brittain's administration included a doubling of Georgia Tech's enrollment, the first ROTC unit in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are other types of ambulance, with the most common being the patient transport ambulance (sometimes called an	an	DET	ambulette	NOUN	 ambulette
A notable feature of the party was its thousands of gold and black helium balloons which reportedly took three days	days	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" The Aria of the Soul " would become a mainstay in future Persona titles. For the PSP re	re	PART	release	VERB	 release
It was only a matter of design, development, and arrangements for manufacture. " The first heavy wooden	wooden	ADJ	prototype	NOUN	 prototype
At the 2011 Gold Cup, El Salvador was drawn into a group with Costa Rica, Cuba, and	and	CCONJ	powerhouses	VERB	 powerhouses
Two of these hands (usually the left) are holding a sword and a severed head. The sword	sword	NOUN	signifies	VERB	 signifies
Similar to the Experimental College, the Integrated Liberal Studies started in the late 1940s was a great books,	,	PUNCT	liberal	ADJ	 liberal
The increasing ferocity of those Israeli reprisals directed at Jordanians (not Palestinians) for fedayeen raids into Israel became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Seth Gabel was also happy with Wyman's direction, as the two were able to discuss themes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The house was insured in 1857 for £10,000 (£900 thousand today); the contents at that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Following a nearby earthquake and the discovery of a seismic fault that underlay the dam site, work on the	the	DET	project	NOUN	 project
The music video for the song premièred on August 26, 2010 on Vevo, and was directed by Hiro	Hiro	PROPN	Murai	PROPN	 Murai
Also aboard her were Major General Julian C. Smith, commander of 2nd Marine Division, General " Howling Mad	Mad	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As of 2008, there were a total of 28 notified slums, with 12,275 comprising 19.97% of the	the	DET	total	ADJ	 total
By tradition, Welsh Law was compiled during an assembly held at Whitland circa 930 by Hywel Dda, king	king	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly thereafter, a Hurricane Hunter aircraft measured winds of 130 km / h (80 mph). Early	Early	ADV	on	ADP	 on
This artistic censorship, which ultimately came from Stalin personally, was to some degree prevalent over the whole Eastern	Eastern	PROPN	bloc	NOUN	 bloc
He is then seen strangely happy, and in full colour, leaving the street. Sednaoui operated the camera	camera	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The game uses a free to play gaming model: while the game can be downloaded and played for free	free	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
College Hall contained classrooms, offices, laboratories, a library / museum, and a multifunctional lecture hall /	/	SYM	chapel	NOUN	 chapel
After the album's release drummer Snowy Shaw was replaced by Bjarne T. Holm for the Time Tour. Holm	Holm	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Throughout the game, the player can procure various weapons, including melee weapons, pistols, shotguns, and	and	CCONJ	alien	ADJ	 alien
It was given this status on 30 January 1968 and has been listed because it is considered to be "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
It was founded around 2000 by Laurent Amouric and Maxime Allorge. Most of its nine lemur species are free	free	ADJ	ranging	VERB	 ranging
Although the skirmish had little military significance, it marked a clear break between the colonists and the Mexican government	government	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Born at Saint Swithun's Priory on 20 September 1486 at about 1 am, Arthur was Henry and Elizabeth	Elizabeth	PROPN	's	PART	's
The scenes in the synagogue were actually filmed at Shaughnessy Heights United Church. The church was chosen because it	it	PRON	possessed	VERB	 possessed
König named the disease " osteochondritis dissecans ", describing it as a subchondral inflammatory process of the knee,	,	PUNCT	resulting	VERB	 resulting
When faced with a court order to finally begin desegregation in 1959 the county board of supervisors stopped appropriating money	money	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This initiated the new field of comparative morphology which, largely through the combined work of William Farlow (1844	1844	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In former times, up to about the early 20th century, it was more likely that the reverse analogy	analogy	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Green was initially held in a Missouri jail, then extradited to Johnson County Adult Detention Center in Kansas,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Consequently, the economy grew at an average annual rate of seven per cent throughout his presidency. Under his	his	PRON	administration	NOUN	 administration
Although this document can be considered separate, it formally is part of the Social Contract. The Debian Constitution	Constitution	PROPN	describes	VERB	 describes
In 2001, John Young in Hike Pennsylvania: An Atlas of Pennsylvania's Greatest Hiking Adventures wrote of the	the	DET	Falls	PROPN	 Falls
Clark's ultimate goal during the Revolutionary War was to seize British held Detroit, but he could never recruit	recruit	VERB	enough	ADJ	 enough
Alvarado was ultimately to prove successful. In Montejo the Elder's absence, first in central Mexico, and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Mu Mu and one of the bikers (John Amos) are killed. After his escape from the bikers	bikers	NOUN	'	PART	 '
The International Crane Foundation, a conservation organisation located in Baraboo, Wisconsin, began a captive breeding programme with	with	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Both players share a score, rock meter, star power meter, and streak multiplier. Cooperative mode is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Floodlights allow athletics events to be held at night. The inner track area, which is floodlit, is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
His slogan was " taking on the challenge ". Reinfeldt immediately requested the European Union to do more to	to	PART	combat	VERB	 combat
" Full Measure " ended with Jesse's pulling a gun on Gale and firing directly into the screen,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In February, Tim Robbins joined the cast as Senator Hammond. The following month, New Zealanders Temuera Morrison	Morrison	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
His various best jumps were Canadian records from 1916 to 1932. During the 1925 Winter Carnival Tournament, Nelsen	Nelsen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He graduated in 1986 with a degree in psychology. Fuller was later inducted into UNC's sports hall of	of	ADP	fame	PROPN	 fame
The tour name is a nod to the difficult economic situation that Russia was facing at the time. Limp	Limp	PROPN	Bizkit	PROPN	 Bizkit
The reviews of Bigipedia have been mainly positive. Before the series began, Scott Matthewman in The Stage compared	compared	VERB	Bigipedia	PROPN	 Bigipedia
Techniques to gather this data include surveys, in depth interviews, diaries, and participant observation. Proponents of	of	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
Originally, ketchup in the United Kingdom was prepared with mushrooms as a primary ingredient, instead of tomato,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" This statement was in line with the Retroversion of the sovereignty to the people, a political concept formulated	formulated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The character of Walter goes through much development during the first season. Stuart believed that he changes the most	most	ADV	out	ADP	 out
The city and suburbs are relatively easy to negotiate by car. Kuala Terengganu is connected to other towns via	via	ADP	a	DET	 a
The highway was extended south to MD 333 in 1966. The remainder of the highway south to US 50	50	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The Turkish force, now back in control of the northern river bank, made no attempt to force a	a	DET	crossing	NOUN	 crossing
Mills explained, " After you've made three records and you've written several songs and they've gotten	gotten	VERB	better	ADJ	 better
They sent the Phoenician ships away (Herodotus does not explain why), and then sailed to the shore	shore	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
My Bloody Valentine are known for their " legendarily high " volume concerts, and Sunn O)))	)	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
Booth Clarke's memoir was published after her death. Terry Alford, a college history professor and a leading	leading	VERB	authority	NOUN	 authority
A radial fanlight filled the lunette above the transom. In each of the spandrels to the left and right	right	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In conjunction, the Queensland Flood Warning Centre initiated flood warnings along the Tully, Herbert, Bulloo, Barcoo	Barcoo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Because of its low mass, the interior of the star is completely convective, causing energy to be transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
After Garrett escapes the mansion, he seeks help from the Order of the Hammer. However, he finds	finds	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
During their meeting, an agreement was concluded to launch a propaganda campaign funded by the Turks against the French	French	ADJ	occupation	NOUN	 occupation
" Escape from the Citadel " featured the introduction of Finn's father, Martin is voiced by Stephen Root	Root	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Jackson's clothes, a black leather suit with a pink shirt and a red bow tie, were copied	copied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The virulent text notably accused the church officials of being his enemies on account of his " independence, sincerity	sincerity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The next morning at 08: 30 they arrived at Deir El Belah, where the division was now located	located	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
I think we would have expected a lot of drama, and the truth is, she is probably the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
In December 1939, Turing solved the essential part of the naval indicator system, which was more complex than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
' God, you must be a couple of pansies, ' said Thesiger. " Outside magazine includes A	A	DET	Short	PROPN	 Short
In December 2005, Madonna told Rolling Stone: [My relationship with Guy] came off as peculiar [	[	X	in	ADP	in
He scored 1,535 runs at an average of 35.69, with a century and 11 fifties, and took 101	101	NUM	wickets	NOUN	 wickets
Some, like Mayall, continued to play a " pure " form of the blues, but largely outside	outside	ADV	of	ADP	 of
She was met two days later by the schooner Yankton, which took the admiral to a hospital. Connecticut	Connecticut	PROPN	traveled	VERB	 traveled
" The cathedral's external appearance has been described as " austere ", " ascetic ", " unostentatious	unostentatious	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
We want to keep control of the whole mad thing. " However, the extent that Ignition were willing	willing	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In addition to this marginal science fiction magazine, in 1937 the Goodmans began publishing several " weird menace "	"	PUNCT	pulps	NOUN	 pulps
In December 2005, Buena left the Sugababes due to " personal reasons ", and was replaced by Amelle	Amelle	PROPN	Berrabah	PROPN	 Berrabah
The National Theatre's largest auditorium is named in his honour, and he is commemorated in the Laurence Olivier	Olivier	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
Despite dominion secretary Edward Randolph's repeated attempts to stop him (including pressing criminal charges), Mather was	was	AUX	clandestinely	ADV	 clandestinely
" Park Safety " was written by Aisha Muharrar and directed by Michael Trim. It featured a guest appearance	appearance	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It is closely related to the Inuit languages in Canada such as Inuktitut. The main variety, Kalaallisut or	or	CCONJ	West	PROPN	 West
So I kind of like to keep it open for people's imaginations. It evokes something different depending on	on	ADP	who	PRON	 who
" I would love that. Let him try it, " he said — " It would give me	me	PRON	the	DET	 the
He was deposed and executed by the Ottoman authorities in 1663, after which his brother Musa Pasha was appointed	appointed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Though the program received widespread support in Congress, Treasury officials opposed it. In a letter, Treasury secretary	secretary	NOUN	W.	PROPN	 W.
Obergefreiter Hans Küsters of II. / StG 2 was also killed. A further I. / StG 1 Ju	Ju	NOUN	87	NUM	 87
Morris was worried about edging the ball to the slips cordon and had become fidgety and shuffled across the crease	crease	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" He regularly paid the Ottoman authorities their financial dues, ensuring a degree of stability in his relationship with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later in the war, they took part in the seizure of Rhodes and the Dodecanese. Italy initially remained	remained	VERB	neutral	ADJ	 neutral
The plan was for the island to be attacked from two directions, with the Commandos coming by sea and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It is protected under UK law as a Grade II listed building and as a Scheduled Monument. Sutton Valence	Valence	PROPN	Castle	PROPN	 Castle
The dinosaur scenes are reminiscent of Jurassic Park, and the floor morphing into a television screen is a reference	reference	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Ford said he was motivated to form the caucus after seeing the work done by Mississippi Representative Sonny Montgomery with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Zeno's paradoxes, particularly the paradox of the runner, are reminiscent of the apparent paradox that 0.999 …	…	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In some cases, limbs had to be amputated without anesthetics (avoided because of its potential to cause a	a	DET	deadly	ADJ	 deadly
In March 2012, Retro Gamer listed the hamster incident as one of the " 100 Classic Gaming Moments "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Different lighting schemes were used to simulate different decks of the ship with the same length of corridor. Aluminum	Aluminum	NOUN	panels	NOUN	 panels
With colleague Vin Moore, Smith directed actor Oliver Hardy in the 1920 film Distilled Love. Smith directed the	the	DET	Marx	PROPN	 Marx
Operation Commando finally ended on 15 October with the US I Corps having successfully seized the Jamestown Line and destroying	destroying	VERB	elements	NOUN	 elements
Candy company Haribo released a raspberry flavored gummy bear sweet called Cuddly Knut beginning in April 2007. They pledged	pledged	VERB	to	PART	 to
Wet and windy weather was seen across the region during the day, with a wintry mix of precipitation falling	falling	VERB	across	ADP	 across
Once relentlessly hunted by commercial industries for these products, cetaceans are now protected by international law. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Dal Sasso et al. estimates were criticized because the skull length estimate was uncertain, and (assuming	assuming	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On June 3, 2016, the film was made available for free in the United States on YouTube by	by	ADP	Paramount	PROPN	 Paramount
Dixon then released a second album, entitled The Alesha Show, in 2008, which received platinum certification from	from	ADP	BPI	PROPN	 BPI
The tour was held to promote her second studio album Breakout (2008) and first extended play (EP	EP	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In the second match, McCool took 3 / 31 as the hosts made 178 after batting first. He	He	PRON	opened	VERB	 opened
The result was that the bomb was carried by Bockscar, but flown by the crew C 15 of The	The	DET	Great	PROPN	 Great
" Sigerson compared the track to material by James Brown, whose " It's a Man's Man's	's	PART	Man	PROPN	 Man
For the autumn 1961 issue of Folklore, the society published a festschrift to Murray to commemorate her 98th birthday	birthday	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All the major laws were made and countersigned by me. " He inaugurated his career as a legislator under	under	ADP	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
This consequently created difficulties with scheduling and put an added strain on the actors. Destiny 2 was announced in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Khánh did not want his rival taking power, so he and the Americans convinced the HNC to dilute the	the	DET	powers	NOUN	 powers
By the turn of the first quarter of the century, Óláfr managed to put aside the wife that Rögnvaldr	Rögnvaldr	PROPN	Guðrøðarson	PROPN	 Guðrøðarson
The Concord Pike was originally chartered as the Wilmington and Great Valley Turnpike in 1811, a turnpike that was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
His first solo effort involved his contribution to the Richard " Wolfie " Wolf mix of Love Kills on the	the	DET	1984	NUM	 1984
In 1735 he married Elizabeth " Tetty " Porter, a widow 20 years older than himself, and the	the	DET	responsibilities	NOUN	 responsibilities
Van Deusen concluded his biography of Greeley: More significant still was the service that Greeley performed as a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the march, lead units engaged skirmishers east of Sudley's Ford with artillery in the early dawn.	.	PUNCT	McDowell	PROPN	 McDowell
In 2012, it reached a peak of number 27. It remained on the chart for a total of	of	ADP	10	NUM	 10
" Gethin Anthony plays the king's youngest brother Renly Baratheon, and veteran actor Julian Glover, well known	known	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The tenor sings the chorale melody unadorned as a cantus firmus, but the oboes d'amore play with " the	the	DET	urgent	ADJ	 urgent
She recommended Webster on the basis of the latter's temporary work for her. When Thomas met Webster,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
This phylum includes morels, a few mushrooms and truffles, unicellular yeasts (e.g., of the genera Saccharomyces	Saccharomyces	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Then it won't. " The album was ranked number 41 in NME's critics ' poll of 1996	1996	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A fleet renewal started in the early 2000s, with the incorporation of the Boeing 737 – 700 and the	the	DET	Boeing	PROPN	 Boeing
The houses are deemed to be among the most sophisticated dwellings of their time. Oak frames were used for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the second season of this arrangement, 1935 – 36, Margate reached the third round proper of the	the	DET	FA	PROPN	 FA
" as the others walk away. The following day, Audrina rejects an invitation to Frankie's birthday party	party	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The Japanese requested that the French advisers be given judgement in France; however, due to popular support in	in	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
Once the site was cleared, the initial redevelopment plan fell through, as did several subsequent plans, leaving	leaving	VERB	the	DET	 the
Observed and noted in the initial description of the syndrome as a cleft lip and palate, facial clefting is	is	AUX	identified	VERB	 identified
The COW system circulates part of the cargo through the fixed tank cleaning system to remove wax and asphaltic deposits	deposits	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At 15 / 2, Compton came in, and together with Edrich, they took the score to 46	46	NUM	before	SCONJ	 before
She stated: " The script often says, ' Becky slaps Steve ' but we try to find a	a	DET	different	ADJ	 different
A metal plate was embedded in her leg to immobilize the bone during the healing process, and van Grunsven	Grunsven	PROPN	recovered	VERB	 recovered
It's about love and sex. What the hell. Some things don't have to change. "	"	PUNCT	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
Occupancy rates at many apartment complexes increased; for instance, Napoleon Square's rate increased from 60% around	around	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
By 18 June, Hitler and Ribbentrop spoke of the Plan with Italian leader Benito Mussolini as a possibility that	that	PRON	could	AUX	 could
He was listed on the Timbers ' roster as a forward. Johnson was a late substitute for Jorge Perlaza	Perlaza	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
On April 5, in a win over the Utah Jazz, he became the third player with 1,000 victories	victories	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Finally, they consulted vocal coach Diane Sheets, a friend of Johnson's son in law. She determined	determined	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Dream Theater's drummer Mike Portnoy observed that Kill ' Em All surpassed the NWOBHM bands in terms of sheer	sheer	ADJ	velocity	NOUN	 velocity
" Later, in the song " In My Time Of Dying ", Robert Plant even pleaded to Jesus	Jesus	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Saladin sent his envoys to Guy of Lusignan, who accepted his demands. However, Raynald refused to obey	obey	VERB	the	DET	 the
Around 1760, with the popularization of the Linnaean system, botany became much more widespread among educated women who	who	PRON	painted	VERB	 painted
Conceived by Looking Glass after the completion of their first game, Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss, Terra	Terra	PROPN	Nova	PROPN	 Nova
" I was about 21 at the time and it was an excuse for me to take her somewhere because	because	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
As head of the mint beginning in 1316, he collected its earlier records and created a register of all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Numerous offshoots of Chinese food, such as Hong Kong cuisine and American Chinese food, have emerged in the	the	DET	nations	NOUN	 nations
The Wolves joined them in the ring and challenged them to a match for the TNA World Tag Team Championship	Championship	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Reviewing Nuclear Strike 64, the website noted that the graphics ably handled numerous explosions and enemies. The reviewer	reviewer	NOUN	praised	VERB	 praised
Next came the assembly of a team of producers who were to organize the festival's events. Notably Kyle	Kyle	PROPN	Gibson	PROPN	 Gibson
Smith wrote its pieces intermittently for 34 years, beginning in 1977, before performing them live in November 2011	2011	NUM	at	ADP	 at
During the Gorbachev Era, Brezhnev's rule was considered less successful than that of Joseph Stalin; in an	an	DET	opinion	NOUN	 opinion
The Western Chalukyas, the southern Kalachuris, the Seuna Yadavas of Devagiri and the Silharas of Kolhapur are some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The book concludes with Mont Blanc, a 144 line poem by Percy Shelley, written whilst in Chamonix and	and	CCONJ	which	PRON	 which
One of the variations on the BLT is the club sandwich, a two layered sandwich in which one layer	layer	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Allied screen consisted of eight cruisers and fifteen destroyers under British Rear Admiral Victor Crutchley VC, but only	only	ADV	five	NUM	 five
New park entrances are to be added at the eastern end of Westminster Dr. (off Piedmont Ave.)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Due to its remoteness, Sangay hosts a significant biological community with fauna such as mountain tapirs, giant otters	otters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On April 16, Jay Bookman of The Atlanta Journal Constitution wrote " It wasn't quite the firing on	on	ADP	Fort	PROPN	 Fort
While no detailed statistical information is available, most of the followers of Swaminarayan share a belief that Swaminarayan is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
The latter involved the connection of various drainage schemes into a new hand dug channel connected to the clyse at	at	ADP	Dunball	PROPN	 Dunball
" Gordon later compared the television series to The Good Wife: " The Good Wife has so many procedural	procedural	ADJ	aspects	NOUN	 aspects
It was Tolkien's genius to reinvent the traditional epic fantasy by making the central character neither God nor hero	hero	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Without such an order, and not knowing of Goodman's approval, Cline made the decision that Heidi would	would	AUX	start	VERB	 start
Minibuses are the most common type of public transportation in Mogadishu. The next most frequently used public vehicles in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Different colours therefore appear at different angles. In animals such as on the feathers of birds and the scales	scales	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the end of October 2007 CPI (LG Chem) delivered their finished battery pack prototypes, and A123	A123	PROPN	delivered	VERB	 delivered
That day the American carriers raided the Gilbert Islands and were gone by the time the Japanese reached Eniwetok on	on	ADP	20	NUM	 20
Antlia contains many faint galaxies, the brightest of which is NGC 2997 at magnitude 10.6. It is a	a	DET	loosely	ADV	 loosely
She tells him she is moving to Miami to start over with her life and to pursue her retail management	management	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
Balaji Sakthivel's Samurai was his next release featuring him as a vigilante Robin Hood esque figure who kidnapped corrupt	corrupt	ADJ	politicians	NOUN	 politicians
A warning against damage can still be seen on the milestone at the Surrey end of the bridge. Richmond	Richmond	PROPN	Bridge	PROPN	 Bridge
South Korea has argued that this resolution is relevant to the debate about the Sea of Japan and implies that	that	SCONJ	both	DET	 both
The nominate subspecies D. n. nipalense breeds in the Himalayas from Garhwal east through Nepal, northeastern India and Bangladesh	Bangladesh	PROPN	as	ADV	 as
A fundamental factor in these molecular structures is the existence of electron pairs. These are electrons with opposed spins	spins	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It also states that the AVAS may have a pause switch to stop its operation temporarily. On 6 February	February	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
She then embarked on the " Reggaeton Tour 2004 " which also featured other artist such as Aldo Ranks and	and	CCONJ	La	PROPN	 La
Four Douglas A 1 Skyraiders (Sandys 01, 02, 05, and 06) prepared the area around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both Seward and President Van Buren gave several speeches across New York State that summer. Henry Clay, one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The high density of the caesium formate brine (up to 2.3 g · cm − 3, or 19.2	19.2	NUM	pounds	NOUN	 pounds
Bermuda dispatched six athletes in total to the Beijing Olympics. Of the delegation, two of the athletes (	(	PUNCT	Roy	PROPN	Roy
While the river here has been stocked with rainbows since 1964, the implementation of a more stable flow regime	regime	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He formed an alliance of pirates and blockaded the port of Charleston, South Carolina. After successfully ransoming its	its	PRON	inhabitants	NOUN	 inhabitants
He felt that the album highlights are the " lush ballads ' Morning Sun ' and ' You Know Me	Me	PRON	'	PROPN	 '
MRO has two rechargeable nickel hydrogen batteries used to power the spacecraft when it is not facing the Sun.	.	PUNCT	Each	DET	 Each
Newcomb considers this publication the exemplar of the ladies ' signature musical style. In 1584, Alessandro Striggio,	,	PUNCT	responding	VERB	 responding
Rivoli's launch was therefore seen by the French Navy as an opportunity to reverse these defeats, as the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The cruisers replied with a shot of their own and raised the German colors, signaling the town to surrender	surrender	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Sims had noticed that boxing audiences reacted positively to the way he would dance in the rosin box before getting	getting	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Under Guardiola and subsequent managers, he most often played in a false nine role; positioned as a centre	centre	NOUN	forward	ADV	 forward
Joe Rivers No Ripcord praised " I Am Your Leader " along with " Beez in the Trap " for	for	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Although Azeem Ahmad noted " Hustler's Ambition " to be more musically diverse that 50 Cent's previous work	work	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
To create the scene, the crew used two externally identical cars; one was drivable, and the other	other	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
The first part of the house was built by Robert Rudston circa 1567 – 75 on the site of an	an	DET	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
During their dance competition, Andy does a dance involving a chair from the music video of the Madonna song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
When he was later added to the team following an injury to another player, Vorster said that the MCC	MCC	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
In addition, actor James G. Snitzer was a member of the 104th and died in combat in 1945.	.	PUNCT	NFL	PROPN	 NFL
Although he played 15 seasons in the major leagues, almost entirely for four American League teams, Berg was	was	AUX	never	ADV	 never
Amalia, who at that time was under the protective wing of Isabel de Borbón, Princess of Asturias,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Haywood criticized labor officials who were, in his view, insufficiently supportive of Labor militants. For example,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Jan Magnussen was drafted into the McLaren team to replace Mika Häkkinen because of the Finn's operation for appendicitis	appendicitis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1959, Como moved to Wednesday nights, hosting Perry Como's Kraft Music Hall weekly for the next	next	ADJ	eight	NUM	 eight
In 1980, Jackson won three awards at the American Music Awards for his solo efforts: Favorite Soul /	/	PUNCT	R	PROPN	 R
In the end, however, Villa kept his cool, Madero convinced common soldiers to support him and Orozco	Orozco	PROPN	did	AUX	 did
A dejected Mayil confesses this to Guruvammal, who quickly plans to betroth her to someone else. The village	village	NOUN	ruffian	ADJ	 ruffian
Dr. Halsey also introduces John to the artificial intelligence Cortana, who would assist the Spartans by residing in their	their	PRON	MJOLNIR	NOUN	 MJOLNIR
Most of its known compounds resemble those of iodine, which is a halogen and a nonmetal. Such compounds	compounds	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
During preproduction, however, Stiller had a falling out with Savoy over budget disputes — among them was how	how	SCONJ	Savoy	PROPN	 Savoy
After Tarkovsky completed this first version, it would be five years before the film was widely released in the	the	DET	Soviet	PROPN	 Soviet
66) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom Parliament that significantly reformed the law related to obscenity	obscenity	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Maxwell Scott also called Shand Kydd at his country house near Leighton Buzzard and told him about the letters,	,	PUNCT	prompting	VERB	 prompting
She flatlines at the hospital, and awakens in an " afterlife ", where she interacts with deceased former	former	ADJ	acquaintances	NOUN	 acquaintances
Heavy rainfall, peaking at 1,090 mm (43 in), was documented in Taiwan. Agricultural damage in	in	ADP	Taiwan	PROPN	 Taiwan
" (Quincy Jones, Nickolas Ashford and Valerie Simpson) - Dorothy " Tornado " / " Glinda's	's	PART	Theme	NOUN	 Theme
" We set out to reclaim our throne as the most incredible live punk band from you know who,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Pluto has a tenuous atmosphere consisting of nitrogen (N2), methane (CH4), and carbon monoxide	monoxide	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Made on a budget of ₹ 1.5 billion (US $22 million) — " India's most expensive	expensive	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
" Saadiq's studio integrated modern equipment such as a Pro Tools digital workstation and an SSL 9000 mixing console	console	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
If we don't have a car that doesn't stop us, because we'll take the bus.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
– The Album was re released by Jive in 1987 with extra tracks including " Parkside 5 2 ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
MD 16 crosses the Warwick River and Cabin Creek before meeting MD 331 (Waddells Corner Road) at Waddells	Waddells	PROPN	Corner	PROPN	 Corner
Considering a profession in the discipline, he won a studentship that had been established jointly by the University of	of	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
He also played a full 90 minutes in the second group match, away to China. The new campaign	campaign	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
A 16 by 4 metres (52 by 13 ft) stucco sculpture rising from the fourth to fifth terraces	terraces	NOUN	depicts	VERB	 depicts
The white tailed ptarmigan has feathers located on its feet to serve as protection from the extreme cold often experienced	experienced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Church was responsible for the system of tithes, a levy of 10% on " all agrarian produce	produce	VERB	...	PUNCT	...
Bach parodied the first movement of this cantata for the Cum Sancto Spiritu fugue in his 1738 Missa in F	F	PROPN	major	PROPN	 major
She only reluctantly agreed to interrupt training and participate in the summer event, which is contested on roller ski	ski	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The pulse of these songs is provided by the repeated rhythm coming from the rhythm box. These instrumental pieces	pieces	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
While some of his homonyms are gratuitous word play, many others have not only double meaning but a double	double	ADJ	edge	NOUN	 edge
The setting, despite various fantasy, dark fantasy and steampunk elements, mostly displays oriental inspired esthetics. All	All	DET	games	NOUN	 games
Immerwhar described his lyrics as expressing feelings of alienation and banality. When he was asked regarding the lyrics on	on	ADP	Barely	ADV	 Barely
The distribution of workers between the main nest and satellite is very important because they are needed for the establishment	establishment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The success of Dónde Están los Ladrones? prompted American singer Gloria Estefan, whose husband Emilio Estefan was managing	managing	VERB	Shakira	PROPN	 Shakira
Notions that the British " constituted an Island race, and that it stood for democracy were reinforced during the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
In those matches, Australia fielded its first choice team and as a result, Brown played out of position	position	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It became a live staple and a fan favorite, with lyrics changing practically every performance. Although it was	was	AUX	recorded	VERB	 recorded
Though Chibás lost the election, Castro remained committed to working on his behalf. Student violence escalated after Grau	Grau	PROPN	employed	VERB	 employed
" All four episodes were directed by Lee Salisbury, who learned three weeks before filming that he would be	be	AUX	working	VERB	 working
When their temperature rises above about 39° C, they suck excess sap from the food plants and extrude	extrude	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although Hamasaki initially supported the exploitation of her popularity for commercial purposes, saying that it was " necessary that	that	SCONJ	[	X	 [
FSU's freshman retention rate is 93%. Florida State University has one of the highest retention rates in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four of its C 130Hs were equipped with Electronic Warfare Self Protection packs, including radar and missile warning systems	systems	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
' Glyn said ' Yes ' and he was laughing. He gave Cliff his lighter back. " Capper	Capper	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Where sand does occur, it is usually in large quantities in the form of sand sheets or extensive areas	areas	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Enrichment was performed at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, where the electromagnetic separation plant, known as Y 12,	,	PUNCT	became	VERB	 became
In Bloemfontein Spruyt worked as clerk of the Landdrost (1854 – 1855), and in that capacity he	he	PRON	acted	VERB	 acted
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the face of a gill) are 42 – 47 by 8 12 µm,	,	PUNCT	swollen	ADJ	 swollen
The latter thematic obsession was described by his friend and fellow author, Bruce Sterling, in the introduction of	of	ADP	Gibson	PROPN	 Gibson
It was described by Lundgren as " an old school, kick ass action movie where people are fighting with	with	ADP	knives	NOUN	 knives
The bridge is known for its aesthetics, and Gehry's style is seen in its biomorphic allusions and extensive	extensive	ADJ	sculptural	ADJ	 sculptural
The library's heating and cooling needs are supplied by the nearby dining hall, which Kahn built at the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
However, despite frequent requests from the community, no plan for a larger scale theatre or community hall made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Adams is home to a fairly wide variety of animal species. Several hoofed mammals call the mountain home:	:	PUNCT	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
Take Me Home was written in groups and has an average of just under five songwriters per track. Savan	Savan	PROPN	Kotecha	PROPN	 Kotecha
She was powered by two vertical triple expansion steam engines, which developed a total of 4,000 indicated horsepower (	(	PUNCT	3,000	NUM	3,000
He considered the animal to be most closely related to Nectomys russulus, a species he had himself described in	in	ADP	1897	NUM	 1897
It was the first time Pinot had finished in the top ten of a Monument. Dan Martin, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Governments such as the Netherlands and New Zealand have responded to the public's concerns by outlawing invasive experiments on	on	ADP	certain	ADJ	 certain
The powdered coal from ten pulverisers is blasted into each boiler through burners, which are ignited by propane.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Knox moved to Geneva and then to Frankfurt. In Geneva he met John Calvin, from whom he gained	gained	VERB	experience	NOUN	 experience
However, numerous structural problems led to the 184 ft. sculpture being dismantled in 2009 for safety reasons.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Kazushige Nojima, who had written the script for the game, was brought on to write a 20 minute	minute	NOUN	script	NOUN	 script
Critics were divided on the video; although some of them praised the choreography, others criticized Usher's emotions	emotions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was selected as Australia's flag bearer for the opening ceremony. In competition, he earned a silver	silver	ADJ	medal	NOUN	 medal
He is an NHL All Star and Olympic gold medalist. He began his career as a distinguished junior ice	ice	NOUN	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
During the song, she repeatedly labels an ex's bad behavior as " bullshit " and tells him,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In the late regency of Empress Zoe Karbonopsina (914 – 919) for her infant son Constantine VII (	(	PUNCT	r.	PROPN	r.
Pasumarthi Krishnamurthy choreographed the songs. Narasimha Reddy incorporated a few of his childhood incidents in the film, and	and	CCONJ	according	VERB	 according
The contract will keep Braun locked up through his age 31 season. It was the largest contract in Brewers	Brewers	PROPN	'	PART	 '
" The Hollywood Reporter thought the revival was, " while not perfect, an exhilarating accomplishment ". Variety	Variety	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
" Moore explained that a traditional soundtrack needs to convey the mood of the scene and advance the film's	's	PART	storyline	NOUN	 storyline
O'Sullivan ended the season by defending his Premier League title. Having finished first after the league stage, O'Sullivan	O'Sullivan	PROPN	defeated	VERB	 defeated
Like most of the tracks on the album, the beat is reinforced by the Roland TR 808 drum machine	machine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On April 4, he started against the Lotte Giants. He pitched 7 innings, while allowing 3 earned	earned	VERB	runs	NOUN	 runs
Combined with this interchange is a partial Y Interchange with Charles Street. The southbound entrance ramp merges with,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In November 1917, Lenin and his wife took a two room flat within the Smolny Institute, although the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Although initially intended for released in 2009, Mondo Cane was released on May 4, 2010 through Patton's	's	PART	record	NOUN	 record
Since Robert Bartlett's pioneering work, The Making of Europe: Conquest, Colonization and Cultural Change, 950	950	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
On 17 August 1950 the RIS and its member states became a unified republic. Hasyim was kept on as	as	ADP	minister	NOUN	 minister
In the first half of the 2011 – 12 season, Salo suffered a minor groin injury that sidelined him	him	PRON	on	ADP	 on
Moving to the west due to a ridge to the north, it slowly organized, forming into a tropical	tropical	ADJ	depression	NOUN	 depression
The same year, William Lloyd Garrison's anti slavery publication The Liberator reprinted a Boston abolitionist pamphlet containing a	a	DET	poem	NOUN	 poem
While one child may be mature enough to babysit, it is not certain that the other kids accept the	the	DET	babysitters	NOUN	 babysitters
She commented to the St. Petersburg Times of Florida about the thought process she underwent after leaving the organization,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2000, Metallica was among a number of artists who filed a lawsuit against Napster for sharing the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
Their eponymous first album The Boxmasters was released on June 10, 2008 with Vanguard Records. It received a	a	DET	mostly	ADV	 mostly
After the departure of group member Baria Qureshi, the xx exclusively played live concerts throughout 2010, including several	several	ADJ	high	ADJ	 high
Christian tradition and imagery inspired and permeated much of Abu Shabaki's work, which abounds in biblical images,	,	PUNCT	mirroring	VERB	 mirroring
From 1944 to 1947, the Bulgarian Anarchist Communist Federation reemerged as part of a factory and workplace committee movement	movement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For the scene where WALL E runs from falling shopping carts, Burtt and his daughter went to a supermarket	supermarket	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although unexpected, it turns out to be the most abundant constituent of Betelgeuse's atmosphere. " This alters	alters	VERB	our	PRON	 our
After another Penn State drive stalled, Michigan drove down the field, and was faced with a third and	and	CCONJ	short	ADJ	 short
The student was then considered an " inner barrister ", and would study in private, take part in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In October 2011, Bass debuted his own boy band called Heart2Heart. In August 2013, Bass became an	an	DET	executive	ADJ	 executive
Along with Turks, Turkmens and Uzbeks, Azerbaijanis also celebrate the Epic of Koroglu (from Azerbaijani: kor	kor	NOUN	oğlu	NOUN	 oğlu
Coming into the game, Penn State had sustained injuries two of their top tight ends, Matt Lehman and	and	CCONJ	Kyle	PROPN	 Kyle
Stojanović wrote poems, and read the works of Petar Kočić, Aleksa Šantić, Vladislav Petković Dis, Sima	Sima	PROPN	Pandurović	PROPN	 Pandurović
It still stands some 14 m (46 ft) high and 30 m (98 ft) long.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
If they elect to play the game, however, they can not walk away until that level is complete	complete	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
In the Ionian Islands, P. fluviatile is known to occur at only one site on Corfu, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The Rear Admiral William S. Parsons Award for Scientific and Technical Progress was established by the Navy in his memory	memory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mark Northover as Burglekutt, the leader of the Nelwyn village council who maintains a running enmity with Willow.	.	PUNCT	Phil	PROPN	 Phil
As of March 31, 2014, KKR had completed fund raising for approximately 23 traditional investment funds in the	the	DET	US	PROPN	 US
By the time it was released, a " near hysterical buzz " on the internet had created " slavish	slavish	ADJ	anticipation	NOUN	 anticipation
Morales was first sent to Cámus's unit, the 3rd Regiment of the Line, which was at the	the	DET	front	NOUN	 front
So the Auckland Mounted Rifles moved forward to assault Hill 288 instead. These galloped forward and captured Hill 288	288	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Maya civilization developed in an area that encompasses southeastern Mexico, all of Guatemala and Belize, and the	the	DET	western	ADJ	 western
In October 2009, IGN ranked The Guardian Legend as # 87 on its " Top 100 NES Games of	of	ADP	All	DET	 All
/ pol / is 4chan's political discussion board, titled " Politically Incorrect ". A stickied thread on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
But we wanted to get out there and drive and put on a show. Delaying it every half an	an	DET	hour	NOUN	 hour
Poole is located on the shore of the English Channel and lies on the northern and eastern edges of Poole	Poole	PROPN	Harbour	PROPN	 Harbour
In 1888, Indiana Senator Benjamin Harrison, grandson of territorial Governor William Henry Harrison, was elected President after	after	ADP	an	DET	 an
In 1998, Youngblood's final year with the team, the club won its first Arena League championship,	,	PUNCT	defeating	VERB	 defeating
The third day was followed by a rest day on Sunday and play resumed on the fourth morning, a	a	DET	Monday	PROPN	 Monday
As a result of this popularity, Geoffrey's Historia Regum Britanniae was enormously influential on the later medieval development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Professors of Indonesian culture Krishna Sen and David T. Hill suggest that Noer's creative input was minimal. Instead	Instead	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The cover featuring Elsa Benítez used the caption " Goddess of the Mediterranean ". Gair contributed to this theme	theme	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Late on October 16, Forrest intensified into a typhoon. The next day, the typhoon reached its peak	peak	NOUN	intensity	NOUN	 intensity
Zimbabwe has a centralised government and is divided into eight provinces and two cities with provincial status, for administrative	administrative	ADJ	purposes	NOUN	 purposes
Taki soon after married a man named Wasaburō. The wealthy Siebold left Taki and Ine with a stockpile of	of	ADP	valuable	ADJ	 valuable
As tensions mounted between the Indians in the Northwest Territory and settlers on the Kentucky frontier, President Washington began	began	VERB	sanctioning	VERB	 sanctioning
The expedition had been an enormous success, both in accomplishing the goal it had set out to accomplish,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A Neolithic polished flint axe (4000 – 2201 BC) was found in the village in 1984 at Bedwell	Bedwell	PROPN	Hey	PROPN	 Hey
The constitution was presented in April 1881, and several months later Reitz became the chairman of the Bond.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Churchill's conclusions were ignored by most leading Tories — except Diefenbaker. Diefenbaker's successful leadership race had been	been	AUX	run	VERB	 run
In the 1999 FX Thanksgiving Marathon, containing fan selected episodes, " The Post Modern Prometheus " was presented	presented	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Os Mutantes also played a central role in the short lived but revolutionary Brazilian aesthetic movement Tropicália, also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The main soils include the Chenango Pope Holly soil, the Lackawanna Arnot Morris soil, the Udorthents Urban Land	Land	PROPN	Volusia	PROPN	 Volusia
After creating their band, characters, and logo, the players can begin playing concerts in small venues in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In gratitude for Lang's heroism, Paxton covers for Lang to keep him out of prison. Seeing that	that	SCONJ	Lang	PROPN	 Lang
Winters within subarctic climates usually include up to six months of temperatures averaging below 0° C (32°	°	NUM	F	PROPN	 F
They also praised the game for its sound, voice acting and music. In a review for The Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	Depot	PROPN	 Depot
The episode " T.A.H.I.T.I. " introduces the Kree alien race to the MCU, members of which play a significant	significant	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
Green Day went into the studio to begin recording songs for a new album on February 14, 2012.	.	PUNCT	Eventually	ADV	 Eventually
" It is not clear which one of these two accounts is the accurate one, however it is clear	clear	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
At halftime, the score was 17 – 10 in Louisville's favor. In the second half, Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	Tech	PROPN	 Tech
Entirely freeway, it runs for 22.250 miles (35.808 km) to connect Ann Arbor with Detroit by way	way	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He makes a deal with the sirens to lure Sora and Shiro in an attempt to have one of the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Despite being the favorite in the 200 meter breaststroke, Soni went out too fast in the first half of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wanting to produce works faithful to her visions, Hamasaki took control of most aspects of her artistry. I	I	PRON	Am	AUX	 Am
In 1957, a schism resulted in Valiente and her followers leaving Gardner to form their own short lived coven	coven	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
" Her performance in the episode impressed NBC so much that she was offered her own sitcom, Suddenly Susan	Susan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It lasted two weeks on top before being replaced by Hopkin's " Those Were the Days ", which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
A foundry worker who lived with his parents, he shot eight people in the English Midlands towns of West	West	PROPN	Bromwich	PROPN	 Bromwich
When she returned to Texas, she established and managed the Houston Symphony Orchestra and served as president of the	the	DET	Symphony	PROPN	 Symphony
One of the couriers was wounded in the thigh as the riders quickly made for the protection of the nearby	nearby	ADJ	stockade	NOUN	 stockade
As Gikow stated, " The expansion of the Sesame Street brand into films, videos, and television specials	specials	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
One of the first newspaper pieces about the K Foundation appeared in The Guardian the following Monday, correctly pointing	pointing	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Following his audition, Jack (Sean Hayes) receives a call back and is informed that he has become	become	VERB	a	DET	 a
Part of the trigonid is broken off. YGSP 32152, a very worn m1 in a piece of jaw	jaw	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Due to lack of funds, however, the home was soon turned over to Princess Alice. Pankhurst herself	herself	PRON	adopted	VERB	 adopted
Larry Fitzmaurice of Spin accused EMI of planning to " issue and re issue [Radiohead's] discography until	until	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The majority of fatalities, from both the war and the epidemic, were among young adults. The deaths	deaths	NOUN	caused	VERB	 caused
At the latter tournament, he had also taken gold in the horizontal bar, the pommel horse, the	the	DET	vault	NOUN	 vault
The language of the Byzantine Greeks since the age of Constantine had been Greek, although Latin was the language	language	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It then travels over a 182 foot (55 m) parabolic hill, which provides a moment of zero	zero	NUM	gravity	NOUN	 gravity
When Count Pierre moved his court to Argentan, Le Gris lent him 3,000 livres and, in reward,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
It operated Bristol Bulldog single seat fighters. Along with Seaplane Squadron, Fighter Squadron was a component of No	No	NOUN	.	NOUN	.
Since its original release, Mr. Nobody has become a cult film, noted for its philosophy and cinematography,	,	PUNCT	personal	ADJ	 personal
After he was taken down from the stage, he commented " Look, I know I am not supposed	supposed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Then at Shine 12 on August 23, 2013 she defeated Mercedes Martinez in a singles match. On September	September	PROPN	27	NUM	 27
It was the threesome's directorial debut. She said: Vespertine is an album made by a character who	who	PRON	's	AUX	's
Topaz Lake is where US 395 leaves California, to serve the Reno and Carson City metropolitan areas. The	The	DET	highway	NOUN	 highway
Consistent with a role in male male aggression, adult male mice secrete significantly more Mups into their urine than	than	ADP	females	NOUN	 females
Final Fantasy games were absent from Nintendo consoles, specifically the Nintendo 64, for seven years. Critics attribute	attribute	VERB	the	DET	 the
Much public attention has focused on Opus Dei's practice of mortification — the voluntary offering up of discomfort or	or	CCONJ	pain	NOUN	 pain
However, the French had a small armed fleet, which would first need to be neutralized. The time	time	NOUN	needed	VERB	 needed
The discontent of this period crystallized into nationwide non violent movements of non cooperation and civil disobedience, led by	by	ADP	Mohandas	PROPN	 Mohandas
Liz has received a gift of chocolate covered cherries and flowers from a supposed secret admirer. The " admirer	admirer	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The NA 16 was later augmented by the purchase of the more advanced North American NA 33, which was	was	AUX	licensed	VERB	 licensed
Adjacent to the studios are the ramps from eastbound I 96 to southbound US 131 and from northbound US 131	131	NUM	to	PART	 to
Additionally, in November 2010, the government approved a US $300 billion program to make factories and buildings	buildings	NOUN	more	ADJ	 more
The final single from Rainbow, " Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now) ",	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Other popular sites in the city are: Japanese Friendship Garden, Historic Heritage Square, Phoenix Mountains Park,	,	PUNCT	Pueblo	PROPN	 Pueblo
Since most people have at least one social identity which is negatively stereotyped, most people are vulnerable to stereotype	stereotype	NOUN	threat	NOUN	 threat
Later that month, command capabilities were formally transferred to SAC, ending an almost six year command by the	the	DET	Army	PROPN	 Army
In his dream Maximus had seen a fort, " the fairest that man ever saw ", within a	a	DET	city	NOUN	 city
In an interview with The Times of India, Charan said, " When I met Anil Kapoor some time	time	NOUN	back	ADV	 back
But, around the fourth season, Homer became more of the focus. According to Matt Groening, this	this	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The case was therefore brought before Judge Robert W. Warren, a judge in the Eastern District of Wisconsin,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It was released as the group's second single in October 1983 on the independent record label Rough Trade.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Cheney's record as CEO was subject to some dispute among Wall Street analysts. A 1998 merger between Halliburton	Halliburton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Whether injury is then caused to other living beings or not, it is immaterial. " The second main	main	ADJ	principle	NOUN	 principle
Herschel discovered the planet Uranus, which he at first named Georgium Sidus (George's Star) after the	the	DET	King	PROPN	 King
In the majority of experiments that are specifically about consciousness, the subjects are human, and the criterion used	used	VERB	is	AUX	 is
Æthelstan's victory prevented the dissolution of England's unity. The historian Æthelweard, perhaps writing sometime around 975	975	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
What he will be remembered for is the nightmare he put the country through in his second term and for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Massa and Räikkönen said the performance of the Ferrari F2007 car would not be compromised in any way by the	the	DET	required	VERB	 required
Almost single handedly, Sgt. Gonzalez neutralized the enemy with a barrage of LAW rockets. When it became	became	VERB	quiet	ADJ	 quiet
He selected the name Hyde Park to associate the area with the elite neighborhood of Hyde Park in New York	York	PROPN	as	ADV	 as
In the First Division, Kinkladze frequently had two or even three opposing players assigned to man mark him.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
Federer finished the season having reached all four Major finals for the third time in his career following 2006 and	and	CCONJ	2007	NUM	 2007
Crombie completed his final patrol with No. 176 Squadron on 28 April 1943, before moving to Air Headquarters	Headquarters	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Although the gameplay was praised by several reviewers, some found the game to be unnecessarily long, repetitive and	and	CCONJ	unforgiving	ADJ	 unforgiving
Canada, Australia and New Zealand have rates of about 14 – 15%. From 2000 to 2010,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1953, the police commissioner, Walter L. Johnston, under pressure from local citizens groups concerned about moral	moral	ADJ	decline	NOUN	 decline
While he praised Scarlioni's costume and the mask, he felt that more could have been done with using	using	VERB	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Stallion premiums were awarded first by the Board of Agriculture, and later by the War Office, to ensure	ensure	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
However, the game also generated controversy, with criticism directed at the depiction of violence and sexual content.	.	PUNCT	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
" While Sugar was pitching the song, she played her songs but her omnichord started to lose power.	.	PUNCT	Sugar	NOUN	 Sugar
At Highland Avenue, NY 32 turns east, following Highland past Quaker Road (NY 254) to Dix	Dix	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
At the launch of the Iraq War dozens of 12 member Special Forces teams infiltrated southern and western Iraq to	to	PART	hunt	VERB	 hunt
He is known by the epithet " father of modern taxonomy ". Many of his writings were in Latin	Latin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The show was intended as a benefit for the so called " Persons Unknown ", a group of anarchists	anarchists	NOUN	facing	VERB	 facing
", which presents a female only society after the extinction of men from disease. The society lacks stereotypically	stereotypically	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
The odour of decaying corpses could be smelled up to 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) away. Oskar Berger	Berger	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Hickling joined the Colonial Legal Service, and in 1950 was posted to Sarawak, then a British colony,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
He also put through a bill to hold a referendum on whether to make daylight saving a permanent fixture in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
He further alleges that the majority Sinhalese government was responsible for these problems, adding that the only alternative left	left	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The fourth day of the assault, 20 November, brought no forward movement for the Australians at the 2,200	2,200	NUM	feature	NOUN	 feature
It is a saprobic species, deriving nutrients by breaking down organic matter. It has a widespread distribution,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He was informed of the relatively new work on stealth aircraft that had started in 1975, and he decided	decided	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Late on the evening of 17 / 18 February the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army launched an assault on	on	ADP	FSB	PROPN	 FSB
" The Sunday Times remarked " Homer is good because, above all, he is capable of great love	love	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" It Girl " was made available as a CD single in Germany on November 25, 2011. On	On	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Tavares was born on September 20, 1990 in Mississauga, Ontario, to Barbara and Joe Tavares, who	who	PRON	are	AUX	 are
At even lower temperatures ammonia clouds form, resulting in the highest albedos at most optical and near infrared wavelengths	wavelengths	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An assessment by scholar Michael Chenoweth in 2006 indicated this storm was the same as the next hurricane, with	with	ADP	it	PRON	 it
He had become engaged in these operations after the death of his friend Colonel John Laurens, taking over Laurens	Laurens	PROPN	'	PART	 '
After assuring producer Michael Butler that commencing previews by April 3, 1968 would assure eligibility for consideration for the	the	DET	1968	NUM	 1968
We feel we have a share in him. He is more than Australian. He is a world batsman	batsman	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Housing and Regeneration Act 2008 created a new Homes and Communities Agency tasked with improving the supply and quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He secretly ordered that, if he was arrested, Vitale was to be " taken down " - demoted	demoted	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
It connects the hamlet of Gulph in the town of Frankfort to the village of Frankfort by way of the	the	DET	Frankfort	PROPN	 Frankfort
She was sold to R. C. Ellerman on 18 October, renamed Anita I, and registered under the Panamanian	Panamanian	ADJ	flag	NOUN	 flag
Flying at an estimated altitude of 3,000 meters (9,800 ft), Kaga's aircraft bombed Arizona from amidships	amidships	NOUN	to	AUX	 to
The Borders Railway bill was debated in September 2005 and a motion supporting it was passed with 102 in favour	favour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The most recent All American Council (16th) was held in November 2012, at which time Metropolitan Tikhon	Tikhon	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Athens ' modern contributions to the field of bluegrass include the Packway Handle Band and BlueBilly Grit. Athens '	'	PART	local	ADJ	 local
The centre of the Unilever campaign is a 75 second spot produced by Ogilvy & Mather in Toronto, Canada	Canada	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This was the 38th annual Division I NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament. Sixteen NCAA Division I college men	men	NOUN	's	PART	's
Each Kangchu was given responsibilities to oversee the operations of the plantations under his jurisdiction and the welfare of the	the	DET	coolies	NOUN	 coolies
Hundreds of thousands of tons of toxic debris containing more than 2,500 contaminants, including known carcinogens, were spread	spread	VERB	across	ADP	 across
However, the goals then dried up with Samaras failing to score again in 2010. He then produced a	a	DET	match	NOUN	 match
When the movie was launched last year, director Rajamouli dared to reveal the central theme of the story.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The twinning committee also arranges Boules tournaments and social events throughout the summer. Several notable people are associated with	with	ADP	Radyr	PROPN	 Radyr
Martin (see above) deemed Best's drumming to be inadequate for a recording. As stated in Bob	Bob	PROPN	Spitz	PROPN	 Spitz
In what has been called " a brief moment of remarkable creativity ", in 2000 Sega restructured its arcade	arcade	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wittenberg established a garrison in Poznań (Posen). On the northern front, Prince Janusz Radziwiłł signed the	the	DET	Treaty	PROPN	 Treaty
Slight flooding was quickly stopped, though the shock disabled the center turbine. The ship stopped for less than	than	ADP	30	NUM	 30
The scenes of blonde Spears were cut. Becky Bain of Idolator said that " Neither the deleted nor added	added	VERB	parts	NOUN	 parts
In the Senate, the repeal of silver coinage was equally contentious. Cleveland, forced against his better judgment	judgment	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In November 2005, Cobb and Edwards put the card up for sale on eBay. They had to shut	shut	VERB	down	ADP	 down
In 1864, following the capture of Chattanooga, the Union Army moved southward and began its invasion of north	north	PROPN	Georgia	PROPN	 Georgia
Hurst Castle is an artillery fort established by Henry VIII on the Hurst Spit in Hampshire, between 1541 and	and	CCONJ	1544	NUM	 1544
However, in their native habitats, it has been observed that they can survive salinities as low as 11	11	NUM	psu	NOUN	 psu
In mid July, the fleet conducted its annual summer cruise to Norway, which lasted until mid August.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
These areas reported significant power outages and minor structural damage; vinyl siding was peeled off, windows were shattered	shattered	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Moore came from a Roman Catholic landed family who lived at Moore Hall in Carra, County Mayo. He	He	PRON	originally	ADV	 originally
Two older taxa – Charles Eugène Bertrand's Myxomycetes mangini and Bretonia hardingheni from 1892 – are now considered dubious	dubious	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
There were many ways of arranging the fissile material into a critical mass. The simplest was shooting a "	"	PUNCT	cylindrical	ADJ	 cylindrical
For their debut tour, 2005's What Will the Neighbours Say? Live, the group performed the song	song	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The probabilities issued were accurate during Alicia, indicating that Galveston and surrounding portions of the upper Texas coast were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
In the third week of the month, an upper level cutoff low developed along one of these troughs,	,	PUNCT	located	VERB	 located
Attempting to return too quickly, he endured poor health which limited his subsequent appearances and effectiveness; by the	the	DET	middle	NOUN	 middle
" McKinnon said the song is a " more personal song [...] It discusses how the choices I	I	PRON	've	AUX	've
No subspecies are recognised, although plants in the southern part of its range from Bargo River to Braidwood have	have	VERB	longer	ADJ	 longer
You think, ' Are they going to garnish my wages, are they going to sue me? '	'	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
Her unexpected death on December 8, 2000 at age 57 was attributed to a massive stroke. Ann Bowling	Bowling	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Carthage, the second largest city in the empire, was lost along with much of North Africa in 439	439	NUM	AD	NOUN	 AD
Four years later, on 9 March 2014, his survival was confirmed. Mexican authorities located him again,	,	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
On 3 November, Yorck participated in the first offensive operation of the war conducted by the German fleet.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
It peaked at number 10 the following week. In Switzerland, the song debuted at number eight on the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
Obama was again honored with the award in May 2015, accepting with Jill Biden. In November 2013,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
However, their 24 cm guns were insufficient to dislodge the French artillery batteries, and so Radetzky was sent	sent	VERB	to	PART	 to
At approximately the same time, Posen accidentally rammed the light cruiser Elbing and holed her below the waterline.	.	PUNCT	Elbing	NOUN	 Elbing
Originally, Beauty and the Beast, under the direction of Richard Purdum, was not intended to be a	a	DET	musical	ADJ	 musical
Launched in 1918, she undertook training exercises off the East Coast of the United States sporadically for several years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lincoln led his nation; Davis failed to rally the South. There were many factors that led to Union	Union	PROPN	victory	NOUN	 victory
On the Danish Singles Chart, " When I Was Your Man " debuted at number 23 on February 15	15	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The sixth tropical depression, fourth named storm, second hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season,	,	PUNCT	Danielle	PROPN	 Danielle
He also identified several posts which could be used for training potential governors, including the one he occupied and	and	CCONJ	deputy	ADJ	 deputy
For example, it included an oscillating turret, mounted on trunnions, which was the first of its kind	kind	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After a series of unsuccessful ceasefires, the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) was deployed to Croatia to	to	PART	supervise	VERB	 supervise
Much like many of their early heavy metal contemporaries, the band received virtually no airplay on rock radio.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Despite Mega Man 4 receiving positive critical reviews during its early 1990s release, the game is widely regarded today	today	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Book Four, The Alchemist, takes place in Samarkand, in the 17th century. An alchemist named Khalid	Khalid	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I 24 was forced to return a day later when an explosion in her midget submarine's battery compartment killed	killed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Again, interception and decryption of German wireless signals played an important role. Although they were unaware of the	the	DET	exact	ADJ	 exact
Supplemental magnesium treatment has been shown to reduce amphetamine self administration (i.e., doses given to oneself) in	in	ADP	humans	NOUN	 humans
Anticipation of the execution became so great that Roney was besieged with requests to attend. Roney issued 500 invitation	invitation	NOUN	cards	NOUN	 cards
The 2000 grand final between the Sydney Roosters and the Brisbane Broncos attracted 94,277 spectators to the Olympic Stadium.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
By the end of the Middle Ages grammar schools could be found in all the main burghs and some small	small	ADJ	towns	NOUN	 towns
By December, they topped the Tories, leading with 39 percent support according to an Angus Reid poll,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Until the Gaza Report they failed to condemn the firing of rockets and mortars at Israeli civilian centers. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Simpson moved up to 16th after finishing 5th in stage 14b – a short time trial. As the race	race	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
At the time of the attack, none aboard Centaur witnessed what had attacked the ship. Due to the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
The name change was controversial, with most residents still referring to both the freeway and the landmark peak as	as	ADP	Squaw	PROPN	 Squaw
Dot was also voted the 46th best television character in a television poll entitled The 100 Greatest Television Characters.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
During Amalfi's return from that mission, she was torpedoed by Austria Hungarian submarine U 26 (in fact	fact	NOUN	SM	PROPN	 SM
The experience of trying to push Czas.. through the censors was one of the major reasons Lem decided to	to	PART	focus	VERB	 focus
On the Top R & B / Hip Hop Albums, the EP made its entry at number forty one	one	NUM	on	ADP	 on
They believed that there was little basis for cooperation with the Soviet Union, even against potential adversaries. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
A short distance from Mysore city is the Krishnarajasagar Dam and the adjoining Brindavan Gardens, where a musical fountain	fountain	NOUN	show	NOUN	 show
After the 30 days were over, MGM claimed that the period during which negotiations were suspended did not count	count	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
It is largely unknown how sound is received by baleen whales. Unlike in toothed whales, sound does not	not	PART	pass	VERB	 pass
In France the action was greeted with celebration, and it became the only naval battle commemorated on the Arc	Arc	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Anna tries to explain to him the Western customs of courtship and tells him what it is like for a	a	DET	young	ADJ	 young
" As a whole, the lyrical arrangements are about sexual desire and not holding back. The clean version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The band began talking to several labels after this and pushed the release of their debut to late 2005 or	or	CCONJ	early	ADJ	 early
The Kingdom of England — which after 1284 included Wales — ceased being a separate sovereign state on 1 May	May	PROPN	1707	NUM	 1707
Although the two have generally been considered separate species, the close similarities of their DNA sequences has led some	some	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The defending champion was Richie Porte (BMC Racing Team) who had won the 2015 Paris – Nice after	after	ADP	winning	VERB	 winning
Kyle Busch was leading the race with forty four laps remaining, giving the lead to Hamlin who maintained it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
Nobody seems to be as hip as me is what I was saying. Therefore, I must be crazy	crazy	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
He was named Big 12 Freshman of the Year by Sporting News. In the NBA, he has had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
This property earns them the name " non competitive " because their effects can not be negated, no matter	matter	ADV	how	SCONJ	 how
" In particular, Richardson is referring to novels of Fielding, his literary rival. This note was published	published	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Mindomys hammondi is a large rice rat; all other rats within its range are smaller. The fur is	is	AUX	relatively	ADV	 relatively
More generally, the battle made apparent the decisive role of small arms on the battlefield. Although the full	full	ADJ	capabilities	NOUN	 capabilities
The second, entitled Paint Jump: Art of Eyeshield 21, was released on December 19, 2008.	.	PUNCT	Eyeshield	PROPN	 Eyeshield
The Yangbajain Geothermal Station was established in 1977 to exploit the Yangbajain Geothermal Field in Damxung. It is the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Streets had back to back 100 yard games in October: He posted 117 yards on eight receptions in the	the	DET	October	PROPN	 October
Average Ending: The player saved Honey, but did not get all five Honey hearts. Bad Ending:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He successfully defended the western front, but was unable to advance further because of local uprisings in the area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many of the Earth's deserts lie near the average latitude of the subtropical ridge, where descent reduces the	the	DET	relative	ADJ	 relative
Ida is the only Gilbert and Sullivan work with dialogue entirely in blank verse and is also the only one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In October 1994, Ranariddh and Hun Sen dropped Sam Rainsy as Finance Minister during a cabinet reshuffle. Rainsy	Rainsy	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
In general, species of Cyathus have a worldwide distribution, but are only rarely found in the arctic and	and	CCONJ	subarctic	ADJ	 subarctic
It was Parsons and not Tibbetts, the pilot, who was in charge of the mission. He approved	approved	VERB	the	DET	 the
On their way they have to kill the Chaos Hero and fight Yuriko, who turns out to be the	the	DET	demon	NOUN	 demon
It was transferred to its current genus, Daedaleopsis, by German mycologist Joseph Schröter in 1888. D. confragosa	confragosa	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In July 2006, Mojo placed " Hey Jude " at number 12 on its list of " The 101	101	NUM	Greatest	PROPN	 Greatest
The world — having suffered a past cataclysm — was riven into a collection of five floating islands. A	A	DET	god	NOUN	 god
This was a three day exercise in the counties of Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Wiltshire, during which the entire	entire	ADJ	6th	ADJ	 6th
Writing an article in defence of Collins in 2010, Gary Mills of The Quietus described the album as "	"	PUNCT	determined	ADJ	 determined
It featured iconic twin steeples at its facade. However, the Victoria Harbour waterfront district where the church was	was	AUX	situated	VERB	 situated
50% of respondents generally approved of how Brown had handled his new position. On March 30, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Increasingly isolated, Aguirre hoped that the foreign powers could intervene, but when, on 11 January, he	he	PRON	asked	VERB	 asked
The aircraft was accepted by the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) on 18 May 1945 and assigned	assigned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He then says his goodbyes and disappears just before the children's mother walks in. Geisel created the book	book	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In December 1917, Norman Chamberlain was reported missing in action during the Battle of Cambrai, and in February	February	PROPN	1918	NUM	 1918
System 6 included support for the Apple ImageWriter LQ and other PostScript laser printers. New software drivers allowed the	the	DET	ImageWriter	PROPN	 ImageWriter
For Halo's music, O'Donnell created " frozen " arrangements that represented an approximation of a play through of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additional garnishes can include dill, carrot leaves, grated, minced or diced carrot, chives, other fresh	fresh	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
It is not yet clear, however, whether the epilepsy is usually caused by hippocampal abnormalities or whether the	the	DET	hippocampus	NOUN	 hippocampus
A CT scan confirmed Wildung's findings; Thutmose had added gypsum under the cheeks and eyes in an attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He has also played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Milwaukee Bucks, New Jersey Nets	Nets	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Mạnh worked closely with the Head of the Commission for Organization and Personnel to prepare a list of nominees for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
We're surprised he didn't try something more challenging for his debut. If not much else, Schwimmer	Schwimmer	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
The cultivar epithet is enclosed by single quotes; it should not be italicized if the botanical name is italicized	italicized	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Unfortunately for the Byzantine emperor, Conrad died in 1152, and despite repeated attempts, Manuel could not reach	reach	VERB	an	DET	 an
Because of these coincidences, several elements of the episode were changed so that it would be more sensitive in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He had the upbringing of a Gaelic noble on the Stewart lands in Bute, Clydeside, and in Renfrew	Renfrew	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The WAAC was divided into four sections: cookery; mechanical; clerical and miscellaneous. Most stayed on the	the	DET	Home	PROPN	 Home
After La Russa retired as manager of the Cardinals in 2011, Smith became active in the organization again,	,	PUNCT	starting	VERB	 starting
The Stadium is built on the site of two large chemical works opened in 1827 and 1834. These works	works	NOUN	initially	ADV	 initially
In support of his " buffalo back " hypothesis, Bailey argued that in Spinosaurus, Ouranosaurus, and other	other	ADJ	dinosaurs	NOUN	 dinosaurs
More specifically, for Descartes, in contrast to Buridan, movement and stasis are two states of the same	same	ADJ	thing	NOUN	 thing
One match provoked a public row between MacLaren and Lord's. MacLaren captained Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's	's	PART	in	ADP	 in
This angered many fans and led to resentment by the other gaming companies. Although TSR took legal action against	against	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Literary critic Jacqueline Doyle has described Cisneros's passion for hearing the personal stories that people tell and her commitment	commitment	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In dried form it is called copra and is used to manufacture oil. The coconut husk, called coir	coir	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Hitler, who had forbidden an Atlantic sortie after the loss of Bismarck, agreed to the proposal. The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
" Furthermore, he praised many of her lines and her acting ability. Damon Houx of ScreenCrush said that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Zamoyski was the subject of several paintings and drawings. Most notably, he is one of the characters in	in	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The two then fought and Tipton threatened to leave the team, but they buried the hatchet a short time	time	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Two weeks later, Guerrero defeated Mysterio in an " I Quit " match forcing him to quit after hitting	hitting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The PHC believes that " provision was made in the atonement for the healing of our bodies ". Congregations	Congregations	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
In the 1880s Ezra Asher Osborn and Elnathan T. Field of New Jersey started an enterprise to develop the Florida	Florida	PROPN	coast	NOUN	 coast
Each episode opens with a tongue in cheek disclaimer: " All characters and events in this show — even	even	ADV	those	PRON	 those
Almost twenty years earlier, Atrus ' two sons nearly destroyed all of his linking books and were imprisoned;	;	PUNCT	Atrus	PROPN	 Atrus
Over the course of his career, he played in two games, completed 2 of 19 passes for 67	67	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
The Carpet from Bagdad was released on 3 May 1915, to generally positive reviews. Variety described it as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
On that day, the Ustaše students in Trebinje shot nine Serbs and arrested another fifteen, apparently due to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Love on the Run (1936), a romantic comedy directed by W.S. Van Dyke, was her seventh	seventh	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
A 1994 river otter study reported findings of beaver remains in 27 of 1,191 scats analyzed. However, many	many	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
The I Division participated in several fleet maneuvers in 1891, where they typically served as the German side in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shruti is unhappy with her marriage and she and Barfi rekindle their friendship, much to the chagrin of the	the	DET	lovestruck	PROPN	 lovestruck
" The two large chambers of the Baisha tomb also feature conical shaped roofs. Flanking the avenues leading to	to	ADP	these	DET	 these
Churchill later wrote: I now intervened to settle this dispute, at one moment quite heated. I told	told	VERB	the	DET	 the
Edith produced flooding in a few towns in the southern portion of the country, with some buildings damaged.	.	PUNCT	Heavy	ADJ	 Heavy
In 1891, Yeats published " John Sherman " and " Dhoya ", one a novella, the other	other	ADJ	a	DET	 a
However, they declined Bradman's incentive and decided to bat in a low risk manner, favouring straight batted	batted	VERB	shots	NOUN	 shots
According to the Patria of Constantinople, it traced its antecedents to a series of charitable establishments founded in the	the	DET	reign	NOUN	 reign
A map published by Faithorne in 1658 describes the street as " the way from Knightsbridge to Piccadilly Hall "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The two escape in a fighter and witness the ring's destruction. Cortana appears next in Halo 2 at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
In a blog post, Rowling explained that an open letter from Scottish medical professionals raised problems with First Minister	Minister	PROPN	Alex	PROPN	 Alex
However, he died suddenly on 8 September 1950, and representation of his faction was taken over by his	his	PRON	flamboyant	ADJ	 flamboyant
Zähringen was laid down at the Germaniawerft dockyard in Kiel under the provisional name " E " in 1899.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The prosperity of the stockyards was due to both the concentration of railroads and the evolution of refrigerated railroad cars	cars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Foreign observers described this as " the largest and most wretched single exodus " of the Bosnian War. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
A one stringed, bowed fiddle called the torototela, is common in the northeast of the country. The	The	DET	largely	ADV	 largely
In January 1943 it moved to Fort Pickett, Virginia, for its final training. The division moved to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
A scene in the episode shows Homer buying new tires for his car. The scene was written by Brian	Brian	PROPN	Scully	PROPN	 Scully
He worked as design lead on the 2014 video game Destiny. Jones became interested in programming in high school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A chapel also continued to be run on the island. In 1913, just before the outbreak of World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
The actual battlefield command of the 100 Royal Marines brigaded with the 85th Foot went to a less senior officer	officer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This design choice is not only intended to foster feelings of apprehension and fear within the player, but also	also	ADV	to	PART	 to
C SPAN has been described by media observers as a " window into the world of Washington politics " and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
As Dunster falls within the Exmoor National Park, some functions normally administered by district or county councils have,	,	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
The site of Köllnischer Park was just outside Cölln in the Middle Ages. Until the mid 17th century,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Nevertheless, he was relieved that the race passed without any major incident and said the reason why the majority	majority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These jets might play a crucial role in the resulting supernova explosion. (A similar model is now favored	favored	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The absolute numbers did not matter to the German troops who were freezing with no winter clothing, and whose	whose	DET	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
Despite their efforts, she foundered later that morning after Forester and the flotilla leader Faulknor took off the survivors	survivors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bagramyan, however, commented that he had had a frictional relationship with Chibisov and instead nominated Lieutenant General K.	K.	PROPN	N.	PROPN	 N.
In particular, Poland was in no position to resume Piłsudski's effort to build an Intermarum federation of Poland	Poland	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
All three parts were built by two groups of German Jews expelled from Berlin and imprisoned at the Warsaw Ghetto	Ghetto	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The rule of the sector is mostly split among four houses, each named after the sleeper ship that brought	brought	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Courageous also was temporarily fitted as a minelayer in April 1917, but never actually laid any mines. In	In	ADP	mid	NOUN	 mid
The first relief of the siege came in the spring of 1780 when Admiral George Rodney captured a Spanish convoy	convoy	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
In addition to the dedication, the tollway authority sponsored a Charity Walk / Run / Roll and " Roll	Roll	VERB	the	DET	 the
Originally it was supposed to use a theremin, but one could not be found that could hit all the	the	DET	necessary	ADJ	 necessary
Their initial impact would have been enough to establish the Beatles as one of their era's most influential cultural	cultural	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
Clingman was offended by the tone of Yancey ’ s speech and afterwards Yancey refused to clarify that he had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
He dedicated the book to Cumberland, to whom he had presented a manuscript of the work in 1592,	,	PUNCT	stating	VERB	 stating
By the turn of the century, however, the violence of Free State officials against indigenous Congolese and the	the	DET	ruthless	ADJ	 ruthless
VanDerWerff felt that episode's first half was " bland " and " fairly staid ", but that its	its	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
" Book XXXIV covers the base metals, their uses and their extraction. Copper mining is mentioned, using	using	VERB	a	DET	 a
As the game's theme was the use of the sword, and the sword most associated with the series	series	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The show's dominance began to be challenged throughout the decade by other television shows for preschoolers such as Barney	Barney	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Jack's original appearances in Doctor Who were conceived with the intention of forming a character arc in which Jack	Jack	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The Cavalry Headquarters are at Armageddon, at the present moment. Chetwode ordered the continuation of the XX Corps	Corps	PROPN	'	PART	 '
New York's censor board was more thorough than that of any other state, missing only around 50 of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Richard Brereton later married Dorothy Egerton, and upon his death the estates passed into the Egerton family. In	In	ADP	1617	NUM	 1617
These chemical signals may include proteins from invading bacteria, clotting system peptides, complement products, and cytokines that	that	PRON	have	AUX	 have
The maximum useful range of the traditional Arabian bow was about 150 m (490 ft). Early Muslim	Muslim	ADJ	archers	NOUN	 archers
Two, he's effective in combat... and three, he's a dog that stays with you through	through	ADP	thick	ADJ	 thick
A letter was then sent to Le Soir in which an individual alleging to be the thief stated that the	the	DET	item	NOUN	 item
Douglas, in her concession speech, declined to congratulate Nixon. Marcantonio was also defeated in his New York	York	PROPN	district	NOUN	 district
McGillis also felt that the content of the Goosebumps series is " thin in the extreme ". Stine's	's	PART	books	NOUN	 books
It was equipped with two Bofors 40 mm (1.6 in) guns. It was produced by Cadillac near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
The light puck also has the ability to magnify Neku and his partner's attacks as long as when they	they	PRON	hold	VERB	 hold
With 16,000 employees, the Glasgow factory was one of the largest industrial operations in Scotland. Unlike the Derby	Derby	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In his 1877 monograph on North American rodents, Elliott Coues mentioned two specimens of Oryzomys from Jamaica in the	the	DET	collections	NOUN	 collections
After several hundred years of no permanent habitation, the second wave of migration arrived from Canada, bringing the	the	DET	Dorset	PROPN	 Dorset
Pettibone had to keep things moving as fast as possible as he did not want Madonna to lose interest in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The last taxonomic delineation of the jaguar subspecies was performed by Pocock in 1939. Based on geographic origins and	and	CCONJ	skull	NOUN	 skull
One other crater also appears to have been formed at about the time of the K – Pg boundary.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
Iron County prosecutor Scott Burns stated that he had witnesses from three different states and crime scenes in three different	different	ADJ	counties	NOUN	 counties
It was located at Wolf Point in the present day Loop community area at the intersection of the north,	,	PUNCT	south	NOUN	 south
The first known specimens of Banksia coccinea were collected in December 1801, during the visit to King George Sound	Sound	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The author hoped to launch the series in another form but plans for a television adaptation are on hold as	as	SCONJ	production	NOUN	 production
The United States established the temporary Plateau Station in 1966. In 1948, the newly created Norwegian Polar Institute	Institute	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
They did not achieve a three game sweep against any team in the opening month, nor were they swept	swept	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
For example, " 1P / 1982 U1, 1986 III, 1982i " indicates that for the perihelion in	in	ADP	1986	NUM	 1986
Manchester Liners established regular sailings by large ocean going vessels. In late 1898 the Manchester City, at 7,698	7,698	NUM	gross	ADJ	 gross
In August 1996, breeder Fernand Leredde, of the " Haras des Rouges " stud farm, developed the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
He returned to the major league Phillies as a September callup, and on September 7, 2013, he	he	PRON	compiled	VERB	 compiled
" Beautiful " has been embraced by the LGBT community as an anthem. On October 5, 2010,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
Riders received time bonuses for finishing in the first three places on each stage (excluding the team time trial	trial	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Though his invasion was successful, his overall efforts failed and the dynasty was ended by the Seuna rulers who	who	PRON	drove	VERB	 drove
In 1947, Eugene Wigner, the director of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), asked the	the	DET	Atomic	PROPN	 Atomic
The New York Times. 5 October 1989. Retrieved 9 May 2007. Rogers, J. David. "	"	PUNCT	Development	NOUN	 Development
The second of these theories is the genocide hypothesis, which asserts that the aboriginal populations of the Northern and	and	CCONJ	Western	PROPN	 Western
The western subspecies is found in western North America, including parts of Mexico. The Panamanian subspecies is located	located	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The CKP was built to enable ore and coal to be brought together at steel foundries in both counties.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Twentieth century critics favoured the view that Smart suffered from some kind of mental distress when writing his poems	poems	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hugging Leona, a smitten Letterman caught her by surprise by asking: ' Anything you want to talk about	about	ADP	?	PUNCT	?
The roller coaster has continuously ranked high in worldwide polls and, as of 2007, featured queues in excess	excess	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The dog conch lives on muddy sand bottoms among algae and seagrass beds on insular and continental shores. It	It	PRON	usually	ADV	 usually
Boxleiter wrote most of the script, which is over 20,000 words. It was his first effort at professional	professional	ADJ	writing	NOUN	 writing
However, Fanning said he hoped that the EP ’ s chart success would open doors for Powderfinger to play	play	VERB	at	ADP	 at
It premiered on the Fox network on February 6, 1998. The episode was written by Michael R. Perry	Perry	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hobart was an attractive candidate as he was from a swing state, and the Griggs victory showed that Republicans	Republicans	PROPN	could	AUX	 could
" The Beast's verse reads, " when we touched she didn't shudder at my paw. "	"	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Simpson's selection of Boyd as interim president was influenced by Boyd's previous experience as an academic administrator,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
Along with most of the JG 52 personnel, Graf was handed over by the Americans to the Soviets shortly	shortly	ADV	after	ADP	 after
Steven Culp and William Daniels play Dr. Parker and Dr. Craig Thomas, respectively. Dr. Parker is Chief of	of	ADP	Cardiothoracic	PROPN	 Cardiothoracic
In general, the proteasome is not required for apoptosis, although inhibiting it is pro apoptotic in most cell	cell	NOUN	types	NOUN	 types
The final findings of the National Commission, issued April 19, included a statement that the public generally desired	desired	VERB	an	DET	 an
250 and 262 had moquette seating. 263 284 had wooden seating fitted. From October 1953, a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It becomes a big, tall monster. It's almost like this big gorilla looking down at you.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
These secondary growths typically number between four and seven; some may be aborted as the nutrients from the pine	pine	ADJ	cone	NOUN	 cone
It is accessible from NY 97 in Lumberland on the New York side and two dead end local roads,	,	PUNCT	Flagstone	PROPN	 Flagstone
In the final 67 second clip, Clark helps Darryl out with Power Point. The cold opening for the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
I would guess that the effects of the est training are substantial for a large proportion of people. ”	”	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He traveled on a Persian passport because he had given up writing as well as speaking and would not sign	sign	VERB	the	DET	 the
In an attempt to keep his remarks apolitical, Washington defended his policy by framing it as generic guidance for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
By two days after the storm, Pennsylvania Power and Light restored power to about 80% of its impacted	impacted	VERB	customers	NOUN	 customers
The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge, a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn	turn	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The piano is believed to have been carried up for charity by removal men from Dundee over 20 years earlier	earlier	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Point Welcome was patrolling Area 1A1 immediately south of the DMZ in the early morning hours of 11 August 1966	1966	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Similarly heartbroken when her favourite daughter Anne died in 1716, Sarah kept her favourite cup, a lock of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
In one notable action, German submarine U 47 sank the battleship HMS Royal Oak at Scapa Flow in October	October	PROPN	1939	NUM	 1939
He received rave reviews for his performance — Variety called it a " crackling good guest stint " — and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Morgan later explained, “ I always wanted to do something with the SETI background. Hope that kids at	at	ADP	school	NOUN	 school
Administration of the preserve was outlined in a management plan for the sustainable development of the island prepared by the	the	DET	NSW	PROPN	 NSW
His stay on Köln was occasionally interrupted to attend further training courses at Wilhelmshaven and Kiel Wik. During this	this	DET	assignment	NOUN	 assignment
At 12: 00 on 25 September at 49° 30′ N 09° 00′ W, Armide, an	an	DET	outlying	ADJ	 outlying
Some dubstep artists have also incorporated a variety of outside influences, from dub influenced techno such as Basic Channel	Channel	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
That same month, Olympia Press published the SCUM Manifesto with essays by Girodias and Krassner. In January,	,	PUNCT	1969	NUM	 1969
In May 2016, the Beijing city legislature announced it will consider to start levying traffic congestion charges by 2020	2020	NUM	as	ADP	 as
The successful comic operas with Sullivan continued to appear every year or two, several of them being among the	the	DET	longest	ADJ	 longest
An inquest into Lynott's death was held at Birmingham Coroner's Court in January 2003. The hearing was	was	AUX	told	VERB	 told
On February 5, a tropical disturbance formed north of St. Brandon, and quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Gabrielle	Gabrielle	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
This idea was initially suggested by Paul Heyman and was chosen as his name because it is the middle name	name	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Opeth returned home in 2004 to start writing new material for its eighth album, and by the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four 1804 dated eagles were struck in 1834 for inclusion in sets of US coins to be given to foreign	foreign	ADJ	potentates	NOUN	 potentates
The state would build this section of road for the USACE. The bridge over the Kinzua Creek was advanced	advanced	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The laws also deprived so called " non Aryans " of the benefits of German citizenship. These laws were	were	AUX	among	ADP	 among
Large animals, due to the relatively small ratio of surface area of their body compared to the overall volume	volume	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
, which began construction on the dam in early 1931. Such a large concrete structure had never been built	built	VERB	before	ADV	 before
Sports, Jason Clevett and Kenai Andrews, with Andrews providing a live attendance review. Clevett rated the entire	entire	ADJ	event	NOUN	 event
The two branches of the family produced many voivodes, Transylvanian princes and a king, (Stefan Batory of	of	ADP	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
This was the first time in history that a world power had guaranteed the survival of the Jewish people,	,	PUNCT	religion	NOUN	 religion
On July 14, 1931, Assistant Mint Director Mary Margaret O'Reilly wrote to Moore, asking the Commission's	's	PART	advice	NOUN	 advice
He accepted the role and returned to New Zealand in September 1941. Puttick's focus was on ensuring the	the	DET	manpower	NOUN	 manpower
According to the sheet music published at SheetMusicPlus.com, the song is set in the time signature of common time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They soon reached their positions with the brigade, between the 2nd Light Horse and 22nd Mounted Brigades, and	and	CCONJ	waited	VERB	 waited
Spain commissioned three ships of the España class, with the first laid down in 1909. The three ships	ships	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The girl says " ok, that's good ", after which she turns to face the boy,	,	PUNCT	revealing	VERB	 revealing
This account of a boating excursion on the Thames had appeared in 1875. For the first issue of the	the	DET	B.O.P.	PROPN	 B.O.P.
The single became a commercial success, peaking at number eight on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
As commander of the Baltic Front, he participated in the offensives which pushed German forces out of the Baltic	Baltic	ADJ	republics	NOUN	 republics
Producer James Jacks recalled that Woo was not " the most powerful person on the set but as far as	as	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
East Branch Fishing Creek is a tributary that starts on North Mountain in Sullivan County and is approximately 4.4 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Due to UEFA regulations on stadium sponsors, during European matches the stadium is not officially referred to as Emirates	Emirates	PROPN	Stadium	PROPN	 Stadium
Players assume control of Miles Kilo, an augmented agent working for EuroCorp in a corrupted, deceitful world in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Chapter 24 mentions that some terrestrial salamanders " are rather brightly pied with black and whitish, or yellow "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The flugelhorn replaced the trumpet of the traditional brass section because it is " mellower [and] less assertive	assertive	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In New York, many Puerto Ricans joined the 369th Infantry Regiment which was mostly composed of Afro Americans.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
" In one incident, " Upon the attempt to enforce the execution of an award against Francis Weston made	made	VERB	by	ADP	 by
I don't like pictures that don't have information in them. I want pictures that you have to	to	PART	read	VERB	 read
Oil paintings on wood contain scenes from physician saints, and are attributed to painter Sebastian Lopez Davalos, during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
So different in style is the first part from what follows that some critics regard it as an entirely separate	separate	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
Bradman's career Test batting average of 99.94 is often cited as the greatest achievement by any sportsman in any	any	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Towards the end of the song, Carey belts out the climax. Sarah Rodman from The Boston Herald described	described	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Some small bookstores hit back by buying their stock from the supermarkets rather than their wholesalers. Asda attempted to	to	PART	counter	VERB	 counter
After an initially frosty meeting, Chris ' conditions are agreed on, but with the requirement that he stay	stay	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The four Sachsens were to be replaced by the Nassau class. The second pair of ships in the Nassau	Nassau	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
The primary contributors to the recording were Homme, Troy van Leeuwen, Joey Castillo, Johannes and Goss.	.	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team, the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23	23	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
SR 500 begins at an intersection with county maintained State Line Road and Paulding Road on the Indiana state line	line	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Red Guards were defeated within three days. The ship remained in Helsingfors until 30 April, by which	which	DET	time	NOUN	 time
At issue are restrictions imposed by the design of iOS, namely DRM intended to lock purchased media to Apple	Apple	PROPN	's	PART	's
Edler was largely unknown during his NHL Draft year, unranked by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau the entire season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Katsuro, as the front part of the centipede, can only speak Japanese and therefore can not speak with	with	ADP	either	CCONJ	 either
The site's consensus reads, " Grindhouse delivers exhilarating exploitation fare with wit and panache, improving upon its	its	PRON	source	NOUN	 source
The Virgin Mary is a more likely candidate for a namesake, and she was also associated with the mystic	mystic	ADJ	rose	NOUN	 rose
The movie was filmed in a process known as " MGM Camera 65 ". 1957's Raintree County was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
In October 1956, the NTA Film Network also announced provisional plans to telecast live sporting and special events (	(	PUNCT	using	VERB	using
At the start of the 20th century, 83% of the workforce were involved in agriculture, but by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following month, Knox recommended a women's branch as part of the Naval Reserve. The director of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
These are punctured with vertical slots which allow light to radiate along the curved interior walls. Born in 1889	1889	NUM	in	ADP	 in
In 1941, separate dyes were introduced for the armor piercing shells of the four Kongō class battleships to assist	assist	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Consequently, under the National Lake Conservation Plan of the Ministry of Environment and Forests of the Government of India	India	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Seventeen months later, Ichigo becomes a senior in high school. The start of the Lost Agent arc describes	describes	VERB	Ichigo	PROPN	 Ichigo
Short of government funding of such research, Evans also attempted to create in the aftermath of the Steam Engineer	Engineer	PROPN	's	PART	's
However, NHL players were allowed to compete starting in 1998. The format of the tournament was adjusted to	to	PART	accommodate	VERB	 accommodate
Johor then sends those he has successfully " converted " to spread the word among other Natives, and soon	soon	ADV	isolated	VERB	 isolated
" The farm was put into the script and also inspired Mankiewicz to name the film's villain after Kananga	Kananga	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the area around the Stable Court are further structures listed at Grade II. To the north is the	the	DET	Coachhouse	PROPN	 Coachhouse
The letter indicated that Prince of Wales had a crew of 100 men, many more than she needed to	to	PART	sail	VERB	 sail
The years in Dorpat were very fruitful for Abovian who studied social and natural sciences, European literature and philosophy	philosophy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He remained an informal adviser to Nixon until he died in Washington, D.C., following an auto accident in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
" These Are Special Times debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200, selling 126,000 copies. The	The	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Perone found the song to have " small hints " of music found in Jamacia, Cuba, and Trinidad	Trinidad	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The Christmas Song " became Aguilera's third top twenty hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
On August 23, 2008, almost a year after Fossett went missing, twenty eight friends and admirers conducted	conducted	VERB	a	DET	 a
Writing for Catholic News Agency, Robert Barron said, " I don ’ t think it is the least	least	ADJ	bit	NOUN	 bit
The Levels are divided into two by the Polden Hills; land to the south is drained by the River	River	PROPN	Parrett	PROPN	 Parrett
In 1963 Waldron had a major breakdown caused by a heroin overdose. He recounted in 1998 that a lot	lot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Martha is diagnosed with breast cancer and is told she needs a termination for her own health. She decides	decides	VERB	not	PART	 not
As Lee explained in 2010, " I think I had Jack sketch out a cover for it because I	I	PRON	always	ADV	 always
The temperature is generally between 21.1 and − 11.1° C (70.0 and 12.0° F) in Stanley	Stanley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was the first woman with whom he had sex; he later wrote of this initial encounter that he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The lack of discernible biological material from the mushroom seen in the SEM study was confirmed in the TEM analysis	analysis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Alderney in the Channel Islands reported 52 mph (84 km / h) winds, with gusts to 90	90	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
The issue also laid the foundations for the 2009 event Blackest Night, something the creators had been working towards	towards	ADP	since	SCONJ	 since
In May 1917, U 5 hit a mine and sank with the loss of six men. She was	was	AUX	raised	VERB	 raised
He possesses blue blood, also called Vitae Divina. The next in line is the Ascendant Prince. Any	Any	DET	additional	ADJ	 additional
Exhibitions of this type were particularly popular in Dublin; an exhibition in Plymouth in the 1880s was less successful	successful	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Normans themselves originated from Scandinavia and had settled in Normandy in the late 9th and early 10th centuries.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The Ortiz team also checked with the Minor Planet Center (MPC), which had no record of this	this	DET	object	NOUN	 object
The idea of reintroducing older, possibly discontinued products is appealing to companies such as Burger King and McDonald's	's	PART	because	SCONJ	 because
Cranmer ’ s vision of reform through careful steps under the authority of the government was maintained. Cranmer ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
In 1999, he scored a major hit with Jay Z and rap group UGK with the hit " Big	Big	PROPN	Pimpin	PROPN	 Pimpin
To the south, Hamelin and Dornal de Guy reunited with their prizes on 6 December and also determined to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
Rolling Stone ranked it the best song of 2009 and the 36th best song of the decade, calling it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
A separate building was built by the state in 1914 to house the Supreme Court, and this is now	now	ADV	the	DET	 the
Consequently, Roman Catholic armies repeatedly ravaged Brandenburg and other Hohenzollern lands. During the Thirty Years ' War,	,	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
The primary cash crop in the EAA is sugarcane, though sod, beans, lettuce, celery, and	and	CCONJ	rice	NOUN	 rice
When he finally did attack, his forces proved unable to cross the Saranac River bridge, which was held	held	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In the semifinals of Wimbledon 2012, Federer beat defending champion and world No. 1 Djokovic in four sets	sets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Other songs included in the set were: " Fever " – Walters, vocals (written by Eddie Cooley	Cooley	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sadly, the waitstaff lapses... " The National Geographic's website's Chicago Walking Tour: Millennium and Grant	Grant	PROPN	Parks	PROPN	 Parks
The design was taken from the Dan Ryan Expressway in Chicago, which was widened into a similar configuration around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
As Carey, now dry and clothed, is shown in another scenario following the dressing scene, a still	still	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Dominance is enforced by lunging, chasing, cuffing, grabbing and biting. Young females do not always inherit	inherit	VERB	their	PRON	 their
To create the scenes depicting how Quicksilver views the world, scenes were shot with an ultra high speed camera	camera	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the time, the Port of Boston had been closed by one of the Intolerable Acts, specifically the	the	DET	Boston	PROPN	 Boston
The 70 pdr gun had a maximum elevation of 15°, but the larger gun's elevation was reduced	reduced	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
Alcohol is also cross tolerant with benzodiazepines and more toxic and thus caution is needed to avoid replacing one dependence	dependence	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
A year after the move, Louis Antoine's father died leaving his mother with the three children. She	She	PRON	saved	VERB	 saved
She was followed by the three ships of the James River Squadron. They found their course blocked, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
These songs have been traced back to late nineteenth century work songs. Author Linda Dahl suggests a connection to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Robert, Raoul the Huguenot, Jean the prophet, and the defiant Vasco da Gama in L ' Africaine	Africaine	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
The fatality rate for flat type is 90 percent or greater and nearly 100 percent is observed in cases of	of	ADP	hemorrhagic	ADJ	 hemorrhagic
In 1976, the tax code was altered to provide tax incentives that promote preservation of income producing historic properties	properties	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was published in 2005 as part of the first set of books in the Canongate Myth Series where contemporary	contemporary	ADJ	authors	NOUN	 authors
This he did, and could see another house, just below his own, and that all the farm	farm	NOUN	's	PART	's
Another escapee used an air mattress to escape across the Baltic in 1987. Mass escapes were rare. One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The special was broadcast in Canada on Space on 26 December and in Australia on ABC1 on the same day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nagesh, then a struggling actor whose breakthrough role was in Sridhar's Nenjil Or Aalayam (1962),	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
He usurped the throne from Ardashir III, and was killed by Sasanian nobles after forty days. Before usurping	usurping	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although there are no public golf courses in Briarcliff Manor, the village has two large country clubs: Sleepy	Sleepy	PROPN	Hollow	PROPN	 Hollow
In addition, ministers are permitted to depute other persons to exercise certain powers or perform certain duties on their	their	PRON	behalf	NOUN	 behalf
As a result, writes the historian Antony Carr, the reason for the " distant community " of Augustinians	Augustinians	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In " Goodbye Stranger, " Castiel has been completely brainwashed by Naomi and has killed thousands of copies of	of	ADP	Dean	PROPN	 Dean
Bart first appears in the second level of the game " Bartman Begins ". He can turn into Bartman	Bartman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" At a time when often a third of the class left before graduation, Pickett persisted, working off	off	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was released on May 10, 2004 by Jive Records as the third single from the album. After	After	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
It was released on March 29, 1948, as a single by Capitol Records, and later appeared on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Agathiphaga queenslandensis and Agathiphaga vitiensis, being found along the north eastern coast of Queensland, Australia, and in	in	ADP	Fiji	PROPN	 Fiji
While in Damascus, al Hajj Muhammad raised funds and purchased weapons for the revolt. He also began working	working	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Although Garrett's Miss Pawhuska's official record with the American Quarter Horse Association (or AQHA) is six	six	NUM	starts	NOUN	 starts
The 1893 definitions of the ampere and the ohm by the IEC led to the joule as being defined in	in	ADP	accordance	NOUN	 accordance
" Von Neumann made foundational contributions to ergodic theory, in a series of articles published in 1932. Of	Of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It mounted a heavy bombardment of the JNA's access routes to Vukovar and a tank attack on JNA lines	lines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many aspects of the Sam & Max comics were influenced by Purcell's own experiences. Rats and cockroaches are	are	AUX	common	ADJ	 common
The primary airborne formation in existence by this time was No. 11 Special Air Service Battalion, which numbered	numbered	VERB	approximately	ADV	 approximately
The Queen was ushered in by her four sons, acting as a living screen blocking her from view,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Guest stars in this episode include Geoff Pierson, C. S. Lee, Mark Pellegrino, Christian Camargo, Judith	Judith	PROPN	Scott	PROPN	 Scott
Richard D. P. Jones notes in his book The Creative Development of Johann Sebastian Bach that " technical novelties "	"	PUNCT	suggest	VERB	 suggest
In this third tour in Korea, Philippine Sea focused primarily on interdiction attacks against rail and communication lines in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
She also made a note of the use of frontal camera angles in order to ensure that the " spectators	spectators	NOUN	eye	NOUN	 eye
Pat Harney, spokeswoman for the Church of Scientology in Clearwater, Florida told the St. Petersburg Times: "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
Independently of this drift having been identified, the Avogadro project and development of the Watt balance promised methods of	of	ADP	indirectly	ADV	 indirectly
Two years after his retirement, in May 1964, Governor John J. McKeithen came to his office hoping that	that	SCONJ	Middleton	PROPN	 Middleton
Modern HPLC instruments are capable of detecting and resolving substances whose concentrations are as low as parts per trillion.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
The top two teams advanced to the final round (The Hexagonal). El Salvador finished third and crashed	crashed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The brigade's glider infantry battalions consisted of 806 men in four rifle companies, each with four platoons along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Elsewhere, sporadic instances of public disorder persisted late into the 20th century, accompanied by large numbers of firework	firework	NOUN	related	ADJ	 related
During the second week of January 2008, Universal Parks & Resorts filed a Notice of Commencement with Orange County	County	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
No changes have been made since. Winners were presented with the H. P. Lovecraft bust through the 2015 awards	awards	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
It originally aired on the Fox network on March 17, 2002. It was written by Steven Maeda and	and	CCONJ	directed	VERB	 directed
As such, fake tattoos were created. These tattoos were decals designed by art department staffer Kristina Lyne and	and	CCONJ	altered	VERB	 altered
He stated in his blog: Immediately after the Alves fight, Hughes stated that he had " one more	more	ADJ	fight	NOUN	 fight
Critics also claimed that wherever in the region a new power station were to be built, County Durham coal	coal	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Digital Spy's Dek Hogan stated that production values had increased from the classic series, and praised the acting	acting	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Admiralstab (the Navy High Command) planned an operation to seize the Baltic island of Ösel, and	and	CCONJ	specifically	ADV	 specifically
They died only weeks after Seward's wife Frances, who never recovered from the shock of the assassination attempt	attempt	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The request was subsequently approved, although the Australians only agreed on the basis that one of their battalions —	—	PUNCT	3rd	PROPN	 3rd
These attributes are impossible to achieve via capture, while the gaseous nature of the primaries also make formation from	from	ADP	collision	NOUN	 collision
Between 1918 and 1922, over 350 Percherons were imported to Britain from France and, combined with stock from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Field reported that many of their key products were launched " during a brief pause in an Xbox game on	on	ADP	our	PRON	 our
Shipments to Romania began on 1 September with 27 shipped before the Munich Crisis forced the Czechs to hold all	all	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
After the intersection with East Campbell Avenue, NY 394 leaves Westfield and heads into rural regions of Chautauqua County	County	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is built to withstand vacuum, rather than pressure, abrasion, and heat. In the United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
North Carolina's humidity is lowest in the Spring. North Carolina experiences high summer temperatures. Sometimes, cool	cool	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Bacon's treatment of his lover in these canvasses emphasises his subject's physicality while remaining uncharacteristically tender. More	More	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Not surprisingly, the state government was dominated by this merchant class. When the Revolutionary War ended in 1783	1783	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
". He went on to keep a clean sheet in the 1995 FA Charity Shield, as Everton beat	beat	VERB	Blackburn	PROPN	 Blackburn
The Grenadier Regiment Gnesen (an ad hoc regiment formed from replacement army units in Poland) was sent from	from	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
Most of the followers of the clan were tenants, who supplied labour to the clan heads and sometimes acted	acted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" John Serba of The Grand Rapids Press was split on " Save the Last One "; while asserting	asserting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Some distributed Soviet disinformation for idealistic reasons; others were paying off an old " debt " to the KGB	KGB	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Adams said: " I'm not expecting to produce a miracle, I'm still working with the same	same	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
While generally successful with his race horses, his goal of winning the Kentucky Derby eluded him several times,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
However, Greene's contribution to this critical battle have never been widely heralded, principally because of a dispute	dispute	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Since then, strict fishery management has kept the whiskery shark population stable or increasing, resulting in its listing	listing	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
The OVA was included in the North American " Limited Edition Collector's Set " of Advent Children, released	released	VERB	by	ADP	 by
His club retired his shirt number of 31. An inquest into the accident ruled that had Jones survived,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
TASL differs from ASL in that signs are produced by touching the palms, and there are some grammatical differences	differences	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The flooring has been replaced as needed. The home's basement, once the main living area, has	has	AUX	since	SCONJ	 since
The Sugababes repeatedly sing the line " Cause I'm cooler than the red dress " during the beginning of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This meant that the permanently excited photons were scattered by the protons and electrons too often to travel very far	far	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Paul Schrodt of Slant Magazine was more critical in his review, though he gave it a 2.5 star (	(	PUNCT	out	ADP	out
McCartney soon met Asher's family: Margaret, her mother was a music teacher, and Asher's father	father	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
The Bay Area contains parks and landmarks. One of the oldest landmarks is the San Jacinto Battleground State Historic	Historic	PROPN	Site	PROPN	 Site
Maximin (r. 235 – 38) targeted Christian leaders. Decius (r. 249 – 51), demanding	demanding	VERB	a	DET	 a
It is located at 123 South High Street. The Historic Landmarks Foundation of Indiana has also identified five properties	properties	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
BCCI was closed in July 1991 by banking regulators in six countries after evidence emerged of widespread fraud. Abu	Abu	PROPN	Nidal	PROPN	 Nidal
as a Blu ray Disc as part of a limited edition bundle. The mechanics of Shiny Festa were later	later	ADV	ported	VERB	 ported
The canal was mainly used for the haulage of coal until it fell into disuse for commercial traffic in the	the	DET	1930s	NOUN	 1930s
Thirty Seconds to Mars included the song in the setlist of their Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour	Tour	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The peak is home to 12 named glaciers and snowfields. It is the highest point in Oregon and the	the	DET	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
He is best noted for recording the fastest hat trick in NHL history. In a 1952 game against the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
A 26.8 m (88 ft) male was verified by Japanese scientists in the 1947 48 whaling season.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This form of gate (vavahady in the Malagasy language), typical of most walled royal villages of Imerina	Imerina	PROPN	built	VERB	 built
Twelve days of filming in Chile began on 24 March at Antofagasta. There was shooting in Cobija, the	the	DET	Paranal	PROPN	 Paranal
Harrison now wanted to fuse the messages of the Christian and Gaudiya Vaishnava faiths into what musical biographer Simon Leng	Leng	PROPN	terms	VERB	 terms
De Dondi's clock was a seven faced construction with 107 moving parts, showing the positions of the Sun	Sun	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Males mature sexually at about 2.6 m (8.5 ft) long, while female maturation size is unknown.	.	PUNCT	No	DET	 No
The city subsequently became the center of the Latin Empire, created by Catholic crusaders to replace the Orthodox Byzantine	Byzantine	PROPN	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
Bert Blyleven had been the last pitcher to pitch a no hitter in his final start with the team that	that	PRON	traded	VERB	 traded
In June 2001, Douglas Wick said a Gladiator prequel was in development. The following year, Wick,	,	PUNCT	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
Born in South Dallas, and raised in Texas and South Florida, Ice released his debut album, Hooked	Hooked	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The social repression of the 1950s resulted in a cultural revolution in Greenwich Village. A cohort of poets,	,	PUNCT	later	ADV	 later
Stained glass windows telling the story of the Book of Job are set into the walls of the staircases between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Repairs to Giulio Cesare were completed by the end of August and both ships unsuccessfully attempted to intercept British convoys	convoys	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It lies near Grimwith Reservoir and Grassington, in Wharfedale in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. In 2011 it	it	PRON	had	VERB	 had
The 2013 Leaf is covered by a " State Of Health " clause which covers gradual capacity loss. This	This	DET	provision	NOUN	 provision
The airfield had been abandoned by the Germans, and the landing for the battalion was scattered but unopposed,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
The flowers are catkins and the light, winged seed get widely scattered by the wind. The silver birch	birch	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The second goal came during an advance by Arsenal, where the Newcastle goalkeeper, Norman Tapken, cleared the	the	DET	ball	NOUN	 ball
This song transitions into Lennon's " Sun King " which, like " Because ", showcases Lennon,	,	PUNCT	McCartney	PROPN	 McCartney
They built a chapel nearby in 1802, which was replaced in 1823; it housed the congregation until 1848	1848	NUM	when	SCONJ	 when
Allen Evans of the NME found the " deep, rich rhythm " of the tabla " most appealing "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Kajaani paper mill, established in 1907 by Kajaani Oy (ex Kajaanin Puutavara Osakeyhtio), was the largest	largest	ADJ	private	ADJ	 private
The scene in the cafeteria, in which the four boys are annoyed by Pip, is a cut scene	scene	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
However, the use of V.A.T.S. also eliminates most of the first person shooter elements of the game; aiming	aiming	VERB	is	AUX	 is
During breaks in the proceedings, Göring tried to dominate the other defendants, and he was eventually placed in	in	ADP	solitary	ADJ	 solitary
With both discharged from their jobs, Liliom is discontented and contemplates leaving Julie, but decides not to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Brazil, China, and India were considered among the overseas locations where land use change would occur as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
It therefore re embarked for Brisbane, where it was disbanded. Chauvel remained in South Africa for a few	few	ADJ	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
At the beginning of the year the club announced its intention to return to the Wessex League for 1999 –	–	PUNCT	2000	NUM	 2000
KzS Richard Engel replaced Hopman in 1911 and commanded the ship until August 1915. That month, he left	left	VERB	the	DET	 the
The safety car was brought out on lap 20 due to the intensity of the rain, and Vettel,	,	PUNCT	Webber	PROPN	 Webber
Despite discoveries such as Sedna, the region between the Kuiper belt and the Oort cloud, an area tens	tens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Because she was a woman who wrote amusingly, she was classified as " middlebrow "; furthermore, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
During his second term, he becomes infatuated with Kotonoha Katsura, a soft spoken schoolmate who shares train rides	rides	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Having fled his native Burundi as a child, he received political asylum in Birmingham, and credits football with	with	ADP	helping	VERB	 helping
He holds numerous records at Servite High School, including the single season records in, triples (6)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Infrastructure and businesses along the border benefited from substantial state investment. East Germany's communities had a much harder	harder	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
In the preface to this he announced the intended publication of the first terrestrial globe made in England by Emery	Emery	PROPN	Molyneux	PROPN	 Molyneux
The brigade was dispersed throughout the east of the country, with units operating in Kunar, Paktika, and	and	CCONJ	Laghman	PROPN	 Laghman
The tholins are probably responsible for the red color of the visible spectrum. Although evidence exists for the presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Of the 359 people arrested in connection with the inquiry in 1985 and 1986, just 94 were interviewed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another pair of early nineteenth century bridges, built of coursed limestone with ashlar dressings, carry the road over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
The mid to late 1960s shows little growth and serves as evidence of the near drought conditions of New England	England	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
According to the 2001 UK census, the industry of employment of residents in Altrincham was 18.4 per cent property	property	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In order to rank players, FIDE, ICCF, and national chess organizations use the Elo rating system developed	developed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Out of all sixteen teams participating in the event, the Bahamian team ranked second. The Bahamas ' relay	relay	NOUN	proceeded	VERB	 proceeded
The European version of the game is censored to keep the PEGI rating at 16 instead of 18. Two	Two	NUM	changes	NOUN	 changes
In addition to these three big names there was also Harry Carey, still a major star when he made	made	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
" The 2014 Australian art prize the Bald Archy was awarded to Judy Nadin for Wrecking Balls Ashes to Ashes	Ashes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Hillman and Crosby have both expressed an interest in working with McGuinn again on future Byrds projects,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" Although the Church has not determined officially when human life actually begins, it has taken the course of	of	ADP	maintaining	VERB	 maintaining
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and worldwide	worldwide	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In August 2012, Whedon signed a deal to develop the Marvel TV show Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. for ABC.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Parker's court had final jurisdiction over the Indian Territory from 1875 until 1889, as there was no court	court	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
The survivors reached Goliad on February 29. After filling out an official report on the battle, Johnson,	,	PUNCT	Toler	PROPN	 Toler
Beth gives the murder article a vampire theme, using the puncture wounds as inspiration. The article makes Josef	Josef	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Carey also has played on the World Poker Tour in the Hollywood Home games for the Cleveland Public Library charity	charity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the week of July 11, 2013, the song entered the top 10 of radio and extended Mars	Mars	PROPN	'	PART	 '
My life. My decision. " He also wanted to avoid a " media circus ". Although some	some	PRON	perceive	VERB	 perceive
In 2015, a clone of Manta opened at Nagashima Spa Land under the name of Acrobat. Manta features	features	VERB	a	DET	 a
Kyle admits that he has been in love with Sarah since John gave him a photograph of her. Sarah	Sarah	PROPN	reciprocates	VERB	 reciprocates
Under the section, the Minister had power to direct that a complaint be considered by the Committee of Investigation	Investigation	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
This approach essentially meant that local Serbs wanted the NDH authorities to leave them alone and not impose on their	their	PRON	lives	NOUN	 lives
The following year, Boyd was instrumental in helping Peterborough to promotion to League One, scoring 15 times in	in	ADP	53	NUM	 53
On April 5, 2012, in a 2 – 1 win over the Detroit Red Wings, he reached	reached	VERB	his	PRON	 his
For instance during decomposition, bacteria modify the chemically unusual mid gut glands of some organisms into the durable mineral	mineral	NOUN	phosphate	NOUN	 phosphate
The problem, Aretaeus believed, was a lack of heat in the stomach necessary to digest the food and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Tongue was admitted to the Oregon State Bar in 1870 and began private legal practice in Hillsboro. While practicing	practicing	VERB	law	NOUN	 law
Written by Stefani and English pianist Tim Rice Oxley, the song was released in Europe as the album's	's	PART	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
Obama's goal for his Inaugural speech was to stir the following response among Americans: " This is why	why	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
In addition to mollusk shells, various other natural history specimens are susceptible to this form of decay, including	including	VERB	eggshells	NOUN	 eggshells
In January 2011, IndiGo received a license to operate international flights after completing five years of operations. IndiGo	IndiGo	PROPN	's	PART	's
The couple begins to flirt and kiss, only to abruptly end after Carol Lynne discovers a bunny outfit of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
To promote the album, she embarked on The Virgin Tour, which had shows in cities of North America	America	PROPN	only	ADV	 only
" Music and culture writer Julianne Escobedo Shepherd wrote that with Cobain's style of dress “ [n]	]	X	ot	PROPN	 ot
James Montgomery of MTV News said that the " gnarly low end " sounds like Jackson's song " Beat	Beat	VERB	It	PRON	 It
Shari Puterman, television columnist with the Asbury Park Press, felt the sister wives had issues with jealousy and	and	CCONJ	self	NOUN	 self
Jeffrey remarked, " If ever there is an award for the worst taste album cover it must go to	to	ADP	this	PRON	 this
The Battle of Porton Plantation ended in defeat for the Australians, as the landing was repulsed and the Japanese	Japanese	PROPN	remained	VERB	 remained
The second series was published under the katakana for Rozen MaidenKK, and is a sequel to the first series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mulligan began filming Steve McQueen's sex addiction drama Shame alongside Michael Fassbender in New York in January 2011.	.	PUNCT	Drive	NOUN	 Drive
Marianne later learns that he is engaged to the wealthy Miss Grey and becomes inconsolable. Brandon calls on the	the	DET	Dashwoods	PROPN	 Dashwoods
The Shapley – Folkman lemma has encouraged the use of methods of convex minimization on other applications with sums of	of	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Since then, the keeping of chickens has spread around the world for the production of food with the domestic	domestic	ADJ	fowl	NOUN	 fowl
The preservation of different body parts in different ways may sometimes help palaeontologists, by suggesting whether a body part	part	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As if the honor of helping to compile the Shin Kokinshū and of having a remarkable 46 of his poems	poems	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
However the 1883 FA Cup Final saw the first victory by a working class team, Blackburn Olympic. At	At	ADP	this	DET	 this
The law will continue to chase Marston unless he pays his bounty at a telegraph station or presents a pardon	pardon	NOUN	letter	NOUN	 letter
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Acting on reports from airmen that there were no signs of enemy activity and the islands might have been evacuated	evacuated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
She also briefly dates Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) in the episode " Laryngitis " as he wants to	to	PART	appear	VERB	 appear
At the north end of the gallery was a drawing room linked to the north range. The gallery could	could	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Holkham also has good examples of sand dunes, and the pines planted on the dunes have provided shelter for	for	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Scientists and U.S. courts have rejected this objection on the grounds that science is not based on appeals to popularity	popularity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A longer palace structure lies to the north, facing southwards and the ballcourt to the southwest. This K	K	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Nila, now living in Paris, is unhappy for much of her life, taking up a number of	of	ADP	lovers	NOUN	 lovers
Fish received a Canadian government loan to open Polytron Corporation as a startup company and began full time work on	on	ADP	Fez	PROPN	 Fez
Having taken six wickets, the match was then washed out, and O'Reilly then had his pay deducted,	,	PUNCT	much	ADV	 much
Before they could take the proposal further, the Franco Prussian War broke out. Saint Saëns served in the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
The mythos of Final Fantasy XII revolves around a character known as Dynast King Raithwall, a man who once	once	ADV	united	VERB	 united
However, this would be the only reported example of horns being used as hunting weapons in animals. Analysis	Analysis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In late 1221 Maulay agreed to go on crusade with Peter des Roches and Falkes de Breauté, another of	of	ADP	des	PROPN	 des
Many of the officers in the companies were wounded but refused evacuation and simply continued the attack. Fifteen minutes	minutes	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
The film focuses on May Smalley and Jack, who loves her, who attend a traveling show that comes	comes	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The production crew included Daniel Yun as executive producer, Chan Pui Yin and Seah Saw Yan as producers,	,	PUNCT	Ardy	PROPN	 Ardy
Among these scientists was paleontologist David W. Krause of Stony Brook. The first expedition turned up hundreds of theropod	theropod	ADJ	teeth	NOUN	 teeth
The male flowers may be high up in the tree, often in the form of dangling catkins. The	The	DET	female	ADJ	 female
Despite this, Berryman implemented an effective artillery plan. In the final stage of the battle, Berryman,	,	PUNCT	without	ADP	 without
In the final, hosts and pre tournament favourites Uruguay defeated Argentina 4 – 2 in front of a crowd	crowd	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The lemur dentition is heterodont (having multiple tooth morphologies) and derives from an ancestral primate permanent dentition of	of	ADP	2.1.3.32.1.3.3	PROPN	 2.1.3.32.1.3.3
Megan Fox as Jennifer Check: Fox was in negotiations to star as Jennifer Check since the film was announced	announced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
An almost unexpected by product of the parallel investigation of vertebrate and invertebrate nervous systems that is explored in this	this	DET	article	NOUN	 article
Vickers Cemented was used in the construction of the Kongō, while the original armour of the other three was	was	AUX	constructed	VERB	 constructed
For instance, binary subdivision has one tile type and one edge type: Since the only tile type is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The 2010 remake holds the record for widest Nightmare on Elm Street release, beating out Freddy vs. Jason by	by	ADP	318	NUM	 318
The album was a commercial success but was widely panned by some critics. Lester Bangs dismissed it in a	a	DET	Rolling	PROPN	 Rolling
Pantnagar Airport, located in Pantnagar of the Kumaon region have 1 daily air service to delhi and return too	too	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Before Thriller, Jackson struggled to receive coverage on MTV, allegedly because he was African American. Pressure from	from	ADP	CBS	PROPN	 CBS
The Town Hall occupies the lower part of the Victoria Hall in the Market Square. The Hamstone building was	was	AUX	rebuilt	VERB	 rebuilt
A similar establishment was opened in light of the new railway on the corner of Sharps Lane, known as	as	ADP	The	DET	 The
His injury problems started as early as 1980, when he was 15 years old and saw Glentoran's physio	physio	NOUN	Bobby	PROPN	 Bobby
" Conversely, The Chicago Tribune's Maureen Ryan disliked Weston's character, calling him " An unwelcome distraction	distraction	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
" With militants in different rooms, firing from behind pillars, and then going into basements and clearing it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The Eleventh Five Year Plan (1981 – 85; spanned through the rules of Leonid Brezhnev, Yuri Andropov	Andropov	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As they made their way downhill, they saw a group of soldiers in American uniforms. It had been	been	AUX	23	NUM	 23
Windows Mobile 6, formerly codenamed " Crossbow ", was released on February 12, 2007 at the 3GSM	3GSM	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
In November he accompanied Oppenheimer on a trip to New Mexico on which the Los Alamos Ranch School was selected	selected	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The Japanese resistance was overwhelmed and by midday the Australians entered Kuanko. Exploiting beyond the village in the afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The spore print is white to creamy yellow. The mushroom is edible, with a mild taste and a	a	DET	slight	ADJ	 slight
Kagan believes that Cimon adapted himself to the new conditions and promoted a political marriage between Periclean liberals and Cimonian	Cimonian	ADJ	conservatives	NOUN	 conservatives
The club ended the campaign as FA Cup winners, but failed to retain their Premier League title as they	they	PRON	finished	VERB	 finished
As in the finished game, Cloud would later realize that he is the real Cloud, and that the	the	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
). Potential food items (arthropods) for Tatuidris were taken from soil samples and Winkler samples collected at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
A small cyclone, a burst of deep convection formed at around the same time, and was said could	could	AUX	have	AUX	 have
In Riviera, seven mobile homes were blown over by winds up to 80 mph (130 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Shortly after takeoff from the airport at Veszprém Jutas on the afternoon of 12 April, the command plane,	,	PUNCT	code	NOUN	 code
Herodotus, who evidently has a rather negative view of him, suggests that Aristagoras simply lost his nerve and	and	CCONJ	fled	VERB	 fled
Manned by Continental Army soldiers, she was part of a fleet under the command of General Benedict Arnold that	that	PRON	fought	VERB	 fought
This success guaranteed production of a second film, which was in consideration by May 1985. As with the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
It originally aired on October 30, 2011 in the United States on Fox. The episode follows Griffin family	family	NOUN	neighbor	NOUN	 neighbor
Blair pursues her career as head of Waldorf Designs, with several mishaps, before staging a successful line.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After numerous problems encountered during the construction of the ride, Test Track soft opened on December 19, 1998	1998	NUM	but	CCONJ	 but
Under orders from Dr. Luther Gulick, head of Springfield YMCA Physical Education, Naismith was given 14 days to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
Though historically unfounded, the popular perception of the building of the ship as a botched and disorganized affair (	(	PUNCT	dubbed	VERB	dubbed
Later, Tracy goes to Jenna with his suspicions that Kenneth might be a murderer. Jenna tells Tracy that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Sanctuary's first worship leader was Stryper's vocalist Michael Sweet and later Barren Cross ' bass player Jim LaVerde	LaVerde	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Rolling Stone's Peter Travers called the film " the work of a humanist ready to banish cynicism for compassion	compassion	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
English and other European languages, he said in 1986, were " part of the neo colonial structures that	that	PRON	repress	VERB	 repress
The Oxford scenes were shot at St. Andrew's Cathedral in Honolulu. In 1996, Desmond has short hair	hair	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The added burden of combat operations made this situation untenable after the squadron went into action in Korea, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
She was fitted with two above water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 inch (533 mm) torpedoes.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
The final episode, Polarized, was commended for having offered a " fitting conclusion " to the coming of	of	ADP	age	NOUN	 age
He would go on to campaign for the Conservatives in the 1921 election. On the other side, Ezra	Ezra	PROPN	Riley	PROPN	 Riley
Zelda's name served as inspiration for Princess Zelda, the eponymous character of the The Legend of Zelda series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is the exhibition of what passes in the minds and hearts of characters that brings an audience into closer	closer	ADJ	sympathy	NOUN	 sympathy
At this time, Yiddish theater in London meant amateur clubs. The arrival of professional Yiddish actors from Russia	Russia	PROPN	worked	VERB	 worked
The discovery of the new elements, and the new data on neutron capture, was initially kept secret on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two mixed trains each day were introduced in each direction, and the line was renamed the Brill Tramway.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
East of the Jackson Lake Lodge lies Emma Matilda and Two Ocean Lakes. South of Jackson Lake, Leigh	Leigh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The two other offices are concerned with fiscal policy: the city treasurer and the commissioner of the revenue.	.	PUNCT	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
Alexander revived The Importance in a small theatre in Notting Hill, outside the West End, in 1901;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
A five year moratorium on the founding of new mosques and Islamic schools; a permanent ban on preaching in	in	ADP	any	DET	 any
The act also appointed commissioners, and corrected a misprint that defined the southeast corner of the new county.	.	PUNCT	Over	ADP	 Over
" Churchill, like many others, was looking for an opportune time to desert James. William landed at	at	ADP	Torbay	PROPN	 Torbay
By 1937, Stuart's band had achieved a modicum of fame, and had appeared in several film shorts	shorts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
But even in their lowest points, humor is easy to find. " Jeremy Roebuck of KVUE named this	this	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
The next morning at the Magic Box, Buffy's friends reveal that they also sang that evening. Led	Led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Joining Gorham was original drummer Brian Downey, long standing keyboardist Darren Wharton, Def Leppard guitarist Vivian Campbell,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1787, Swedish part time chemist Carl Axel Arrhenius found a heavy black rock near the Swedish village of	of	ADP	Ytterby	PROPN	 Ytterby
With plush carpeting, a large Art Deco style oval bar, and plate glass windows on all sides,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Steve Huey, writing for AllMusic, gave high marks to Tucker and Brownstein's guitar interplay as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
A white cockatoo and a sulphur crested cockatoo were found to be infected with the protozoon Haemoproteus and another sulphur	sulphur	NOUN	crested	VERB	 crested
He failed to win the Super Prestige Pernod International, a competition where riders were awarded points for their placements	placements	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Breckinridge's communication with his supporters between the meetings indicated greater willingness to become a candidate, but he instructed	instructed	VERB	Clay	PROPN	 Clay
In early 1991, the ADOC coalition began to unravel as Endara, Arias, and Ford publicly criticized one	one	NUM	another	DET	 another
The World War I war cemeteries represented important memorials sites to the conflict and typically incorporated specific monuments commemorating the	the	DET	dead	ADJ	 dead
Hall had sat out four straight games, including the previous Boston College match, after suffering a broken forearm	forearm	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Those who had been trained by Kingsley fetched a much higher price at sale, on average 50 percent higher	higher	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
It premiered on the Fox network on January 26, 1997. It was written by Vince Gilligan, John	John	PROPN	Shiban	PROPN	 Shiban
A citizen left the library a Currier and Ives lithograph collection which contains 46 Currier and Ives lithographs and 14	14	NUM	lithographs	NOUN	 lithographs
In the last decade, searchers have been expanding their area to include farther east, into the Atlantic Ocean	Ocean	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When Arnold Johnson (a friend of Topping and Yankees general manager George Weiss) became the owner of the	the	DET	Kansas	PROPN	 Kansas
Medieval machines and inventions, such as the treadwheel crane, became indispensable during construction, and techniques of building	building	VERB	wooden	ADJ	 wooden
Adults facilitate more than lead, and rarely intervene in the meetings, which are intended to teach " mediation	mediation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For the first time in the party's history, competing elections were held for offices of power. 1,176	1,176	NUM	delegates	NOUN	 delegates
The episode contains numerous references to popular culture. The title is a play on both the jazz standard '	'	PUNCT	Round	PROPN	 Round
Hence, over the land surface, Wild et al. and Pinker et al. disagree. A 2007	2007	NUM	NASA	PROPN	 NASA
With 2: 12 remaining in the third quarter and Michigan holding a 13 – 7 lead, Woodson made	made	VERB	a	DET	 a
Bridges and pavement were repaired on a rotating basis, to stagger the cost of needed repairs. The bridge	bridge	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
At about the same time, the Muslim army in Asia Minor, under the command of Sufyan ibn '	'	PUNCT	Awf	PROPN	 Awf
Severely affected by the unknown fate of his son's body, Joshua Jeffries set out for Belgium in 1920	1920	NUM	in	ADP	 in
She plied international trade routes for twelve years, calling at ports as far away as Sydney. On 27	27	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
The ship was modernized in 1934 – 36 with improvements to her armor and machinery, and a rebuilt superstructure	superstructure	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1887 – 88, Fauré composed the first version of the work, which he called " un petit	petit	PROPN	Requiem	PROPN	 Requiem
With these two goals, Villa equalled the record he set last year of most goals scored in one calendar	calendar	NOUN	year	NOUN	 year
With the series tied 1 – 1, Bure was ejected in game three after delivering a high stick to	to	ADP	Rangers	PROPN	 Rangers
However, these suddenly ceased, an event that Anna blamed Honora Sneyd's father for. During a temporary	temporary	ADJ	absence	NOUN	 absence
After many repetitions, Aaron, forearmed with knowledge of the party's events, stops the gunman, becoming	becoming	VERB	a	DET	 a
However, according to the game's designer, this balanced mix of units was not quite right in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The highway runs through agricultural land and turns north to follow Old US 27 / 17 Mile Road. At	At	ADP	Division	PROPN	 Division
In 200 BCE, writings from the Hippocratic school of medicine described the visual aura that can precede the headache	headache	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Following his win, he added, " No way around it, we got lucky. We were able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
" interlude. Along with a performance of " Bad, " the song was performed at Live Aid in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
On the same day, he ordered some young men to be castrated, sent three virgins to brothels,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As she backed off the beach again, she was holed by a mortar round and began taking on water	water	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One afternoon, O'Malley observes smoke rising from the arsenal's chimney. When he asks Kerndon about the building	building	NOUN	's	PART	's
When Pileggi auditioned for Walter Skinner, he had been in a grumpy mood and had allowed his small amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Jackson continued his negative comments towards the champion, and directed his latest insult at Silva's training camp at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Prior to the 1120s there is very little evidence of castles having existed in Scotland, which had remained less	less	ADV	politically	ADV	 politically
Bob Dylan attended the performance and offered Redding an altered version of one of his songs, " Just Like	Like	ADP	a	DET	 a
Around 1977, according to two accused rapists known in the area were the " Blade " rapist, the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
According to Adarsh, the film collected ₹ 54.7 million at the Andhra Pradesh and Nizam regions. The film	film	NOUN	collected	VERB	 collected
When one of the marines who supported the mutiny was placed in irons for drunken behaviour and insolence, a	a	DET	crowd	NOUN	 crowd
" In the episode, Bart appears on the talk show Late Night with Conan O'Brien. Conan O'Brien was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
In the United States, its range extends northward to Michigan and New England. Typically found growing solitary,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Struggling with hearing loss, Collier retired after the 1970 season, although he remained a scout and quarterbacks coach	coach	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Tony and Pulitzer Prize – winning playwright Howard Sackler was in Los Angeles when the filmmakers began looking for another	another	DET	writer	NOUN	 writer
An estimate book compiled by him, and now in the Victoria and Albert Museum, contains the names of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was co produced by famed reggae artist Lee " Scratch " Perry, though Foote was summoned to "	"	PUNCT	ground	VERB	 ground
Frontex is an agency of the EU established to manage the cooperation between national border guards securing its external borders	borders	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The station was located about 2 miles (3 km) outside of town and was situated on the bank	bank	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Athenians then decided to take advantage of the Spartan discomfiture, holding a conference in Athens, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
The game's seven police interviews were filmed roughly in chronological order over five days, in a process that	that	PRON	Barlow	PROPN	 Barlow
The term he coined was " prehension ", which comes from the Latin prehensio, meaning " to seize	seize	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Brits top scored for the South Africans in the first of four ODIs with 48, but an unbeaten century	century	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The English Defence League (EDL) published an online review of the documentary authored by Pyrus, a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, during the struggle, a shelf was knocked down, dumping various ingredients into the patty batter,	,	PUNCT	creating	VERB	 creating
Jones did not think Paich's songs were right for the album, but enjoyed the rough demo of "	"	PUNCT	Human	PROPN	 Human
Due to the provisions of the Defence Act, which precluded the five existing Militia divisions from serving overseas,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The S III comes with a multitude of pre installed applications, including Google Apps like Google Play, YouTube	YouTube	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Boeing states that the 777 fleet has a dispatch reliability (rate of departure from the gate with no more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The " OMG " performance was accompanied by red laser lights, making an illusion as if the stage disappeared	disappeared	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It redeveloped back into a tropical depression on September 10, and intensified into Tropical Storm Felix the next day	day	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
King summarized the philosophy of the Birmingham campaign when he said: " The purpose of... direct action is	is	AUX	to	PART	 to
He raises his hand over the king's head. In the group of people gathered below the king,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Darnell Bing – Bronko Nagurski Trophy, Lott Trophy, and Jim Thorpe Award Reggie Bush – Maxwell Award Dwayne	Dwayne	PROPN	Jarrett	PROPN	 Jarrett
Grand Theft Auto IV broke industry sales records and became the fastest selling entertainment product in history at the time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The subsystem translates Linux system calls that Ubuntu uses to those of the Windows NT kernel. This allows the	the	DET	Bash	PROPN	 Bash
The alto recitative, " Der Schluß ist schon gemacht " (The end has already come), is	is	AUX	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
Long serving coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement, initially on a temporary basis, and managed to	to	PART	at	ADV	 at
This fork in the river is historically important in the development of early Chicago. This was the location of	of	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
The 64 team field started in 1985, which guaranteed that a championship team had to win six games.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The attack was put in just before midnight on 23 July and was a costly success. Amidst heavy casualties	casualties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was charged with filing more than $36 million in fraudulent federal income tax refund claims. On January	January	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
He scored 133 runs at 21.83. In the lead up to the 1960 – 61 home Tests series against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meanwhile, an alive and young adult Simba is visited by Mufasa's ghost, who encourages him to return	return	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Hans Gerhardt attempted to follow the pair but his German citizenship barred him from entering the United States. Regina	Regina	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sesame Street has been used to test the attention span of infants and toddlers. In 2004, children from	from	ADP	three	NUM	 three
His athletic career was not entirely on hold as an upperclassman, and he was able to get some low	low	ADJ	minor	ADJ	 minor
The team then worked on the finer details of his appearance. During the concepting process of Halo 4,	,	PUNCT	O'Connor	PROPN	 O'Connor
The following day, rebels entered the city through a sally port in Despuig Bastion and massacred the garrison of	of	ADP	65	NUM	 65
This may be supplemented with the secretions of formic acid from ants, which birds receive through a behaviour known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Returning to his flat, he gave away many of his treasured possessions and wrote his will. Having lost	lost	VERB	a	DET	 a
’ [Lev. 10: 9] So true is it, that such as shall have ministered in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Various religious conservatives have claimed that the books promote witchcraft and religions such as Wicca and are therefore unsuitable for	for	ADP	children	NOUN	 children
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1779, Carl Wilhelm Scheele showed that graphite, which had been thought of as a form of lead	lead	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dan Curry created the bat'leth in 1990 for Worf, a character played by Michael Dorn in Star Trek:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Similar winds occurred in North Carolina, and lesser readings were recorded throughout the northeastern United States, excluding a	a	DET	174	NUM	 174
Prior to the conception and advent of his cutter, he briefly threw a two seam fastball around 2008 and	and	CCONJ	2009	NUM	 2009
From 30 October 1960, the route for the Ekeberg Line trams in the city changed, so they instead	instead	ADV	followed	VERB	 followed
Sales in 2014 were led by the Outlander P HEV with 7,666 units, followed by Volvo V60 Plug in	in	ADP	Hybrid	PROPN	 Hybrid
They are mixed with spruces, Swiss stone pines, and more rarely silver firs. Maple and lime forests	forests	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Other contemporary underground cartoonists were soon to incorporate confessional autobiography into their work. Robert Crumb followed the same year	year	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
I can't find the door to get out. My grandfather got out of it. He got right	right	ADV	out	ADP	 out
He also welcomed anti doping authorities to test him to prove that he was clean, stating, " We	We	PRON	work	VERB	 work
Its music video, directed by Jared Leto under the pseudonym of Bartholomew Cubbins, received a largely positive response	response	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tacitus claimed that Tiridates I was also interested in all things Roman. Public festivities continued for some time after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
The government of Tasmania published a monochromatic reproduction of the same image in 1934, the author Louisa Anne Meredith	Meredith	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Gas metal arc welding (GMAW), also known as metal inert gas or MIG welding, is a	a	DET	semi	ADJ	 semi
" The Departed has a score of 92% on Rotten Tomatoes, and critical reception was very good.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
The last captive birth for these species in North America was in 2001 in San Diego. Pygmy slow lorises	lorises	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Edwards was born on 1 October 1936 at 23 Malvern Crescent in the Woodside district of Dudley, which at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The triggers for precipitation of uric acid are not well understood. While it may crystallize at normal levels,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
" Elsewhere, he had indicated: " In An Unforgettable Summer the Bulgarian peasants have no consciousness of ethnic	ethnic	ADJ	difference	NOUN	 difference
The major diving accident and fatality research studies that have been conducted globally including work by the Divers Alert Network	Network	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During this period, Barley entered none of these works in the Stationers ' Register (by entering a title	title	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Rosy is terrified; it was her testimony that sent Frank to prison. Rosy phones Mary (Lydia Alfonsi	Alfonsi	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
After every match here, the substitutes come and visit me. " Another of his challenges at PSV was	was	AUX	handling	VERB	 handling
The Mascarene Islands (Mauritius, Réunion, and Rodrigues), are of volcanic origin and are less than	than	ADP	10	NUM	 10
Britney Jean debuted at number 34 on the UK Albums Chart, selling 12,959 copies in its first week.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In 2005, the western terminus of SR 290 was moved southeast to an exit with I 90, replacing	replacing	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The Observer's Kitty Empire highlighted the art direction of the show as " nothing short of breathtaking,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
Group 14 is the best fit in terms of thermodynamic properties such as ionization energy and electron affinity, but	but	CCONJ	none	NOUN	 none
The closest major relative of Tamil is Malayalam; the two began diverging around the 9th century CE. Although	Although	SCONJ	many	ADJ	 many
" Later, Ayumi Mizukoshi argued that early audiences did not support " Ode to Psyche " because it "	"	PUNCT	turned	VERB	 turned
Glasgow departed Coronel at 09: 15 after having picked up the squadron's mail, and rendezvoused with the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
Two months later, the Daily Star's Susan Hill announced that Ruby decides to leave Summer Bay after she	she	PRON	makes	VERB	 makes
From November 2006 - January 2007, an exhibition called ' Sur les Traces ' at Trolley Gallery, London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The first of the poems was written in Paris, where she and Mr. Pinter traveled soon after they met	met	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
They claimed that in 2001, they had sent Fox their manuscript which was based on their own experiences of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
This book was an influential one; the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the time, General	General	PROPN	Hugh	PROPN	 Hugh
Due to these actions, and due to Muslims, especially those in eastern Bosnia, being branded by the	the	DET	Chetniks	PROPN	 Chetniks
This dust is then transported inward past the orbit of Epsilon Eridani b. When collisions between the dust grains are	are	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
Badajoz is located in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula on the bank of the Guadiana River on the border	border	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
She was commissioned in 1870 to participate in the Franco Prussian War and was assigned to the Baltic Squadron that	that	PRON	unsuccessfully	ADV	 unsuccessfully
To challenge himself, Santaolalla used a variety of unique instruments he was unfamiliar with, giving a sense of	of	ADP	danger	NOUN	 danger
Bower later revealed that two thirds of the boys who auditioned for the role of Chris backed out when they	they	PRON	discovered	VERB	 discovered
The main chemical reaction producing the molten iron is: Fe2O3 + 3CO → 2Fe + 3CO2 This reaction might	might	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Distraught by the ruthless execution of the Lazurian commander, Forsythe, Brenner and the 12th Battalion break the Lazurian	Lazurian	ADJ	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
There is hardly filler here, no scenes to drag out the running time or to fill some gaps in	in	ADP	between	ADP	 between
Following a highly publicised appeal for information on her whereabouts and intensive police enquiries, her body was discovered on	on	ADP	25	NUM	 25
" It was a brave decision, and a good one ", said reporter and British Tintin expert Michael	Michael	PROPN	Farr	PROPN	 Farr
" In defense of his actions, Clinton has said that DOMA was an attempt to " head off an	an	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
Effects were worst on Réunion, where wind gusts were around 130 – 150 km / h (80 –	–	SYM	90	NUM	 90
Also, contrary to common belief, David Lindberg writes, " the late medieval scholar rarely experienced the coercive	coercive	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
The fortress also had a psychological aspect, in that its mere existence kept a firm grip of peoples '	'	PART	minds	NOUN	 minds
John Farkas was a resistance fighter during World War II and was the last man claiming to have seen Wallenberg	Wallenberg	PROPN	alive	ADJ	 alive
The documents relating to this dispute, which dragged on into the archbishopric of Hubert Walter, are published in	in	ADP	one	NUM	 one
White and his team created upwards of 1,000 prosthetic makeup applications and 2,000 molds of different colored aliens. For	For	ADP	the	DET	 the
This type of classification, however, is based on a somewhat romanticized nationalist view of ethnicity and language.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On behalf of his men Laforey brought a legal challenge against the ruling to the High Court of Admiralty to	to	PART	determine	VERB	 determine
Cobb solves the problem of evil by denying God ’ s omnipotence, stressing instead that God ’ s power	power	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" The melodrama was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, where it	it	PRON	garnered	VERB	 garnered
With the exception of Mr Justice Wiles, the court unanimously declared that Erskine's arguments were incorrect, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
But the producers thought it did not work after the emotional scenes between Desmond and Penny, and decided to	to	PART	finish	VERB	 finish
Near Flamingo, 234 campsites with some services are also available. Recreational vehicle camping is available at these sites	sites	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Madonna performed " Joan of Arc " in an acoustic version for the first time during her week on The	The	DET	Ellen	PROPN	 Ellen
He also attacked Specter for previously backing President George W. Bush's economic policies and said, " Pennsylvania workers	workers	NOUN	need	VERB	 need
No charges were laid against Macsyna King. Kahui's lawyer has threatened to lodge a complaint with the Police	Police	PROPN	Complaints	PROPN	 Complaints
Next it crosses the equally long Geitøysund Bridge to Geitøya, which features a viewpoint and parking. It then	then	ADV	runs	VERB	 runs
On the Billboard issue dated August 21, 2010, " Dance in the Dark " debuted on the Bubbling	Bubbling	VERB	Under	ADP	 Under
The 11th Armoured Division had lost nearly 40 tanks on its slopes by the end of the day and was	was	AUX	surrounded	VERB	 surrounded
A colony with less than 100 workers is not considered a mature colony. M. dispar colonies have around 15	15	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Armored forces later extricated the paratroopers. The Egyptians attempted to restore their defenses to their initial dispositions with an	an	DET	armored	ADJ	 armored
The RAAF's force of twelve C 130A Hercules was augmented by twelve C 130Es commencing in February 1966.	.	PUNCT	No	INTJ	 No
The Act mentioned 1,000 inhabitants in three wards. The wealth of adjoining stands of timber, the discovery of	of	ADP	oil	NOUN	 oil
Director Rod Lurie insisted on having the prisoners ' cells face each other, but this is not the case	case	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Arizona, admitted to statehood in 1912, chose its first two Senators by advisory popular vote. Alaska,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Whereas the phaser blast noises from the television series were derived from The War of the Worlds (1953)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The coldest month is January with temperatures usually at 7° C (45° F). Rain is	is	AUX	scarce	ADJ	 scarce
" Quagmire " premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 3, 1996. The episode	episode	NOUN	earned	VERB	 earned
Deviations from common customs regarding gender were especially pronounced in the imperial family. The empress was able to give	give	VERB	orders	NOUN	 orders
Dr. Dre was the executive producer of Eminem ’ s 2002 release, The Eminem Show. He produced three	three	NUM	songs	NOUN	 songs
French mycologist Pierre Bulliard described Boletus aereus in 1789. The species epithet is the Latin adjective aerěus, meaning	meaning	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In the Stockholm från Söders höjder (Stockholm from the heights of Söder) 1938, elements from Oriental art	art	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Arriva runs bus services connecting Whitby to Scarborough and Middlesbrough. The nearest airport, about 45 miles (72	72	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Another highway, extending from Lind to Wilbur, became SSH 4B. In 1964, PSH 4 was split into	into	ADP	SR	PROPN	 SR
The top layer is a soft fill taken from the grading projects that had leveled portions of Seattle's hills	hills	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The batting cage was destroyed; the bases were pulled up and stolen. Among those taking the field was	was	AUX	21	NUM	 21
Just as with mercury, the formation of a metal metal bond results in a diamagnetic compound in which there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
It has been suggested that the immune reaction to the cancer cells suppresses their growth and improves the prognosis from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
As an adult, Jackson used his fame and wealth to promote various causes. In 1985, he co	co	NOUN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The question presented to the Court was whether the Connick test ought be applied to what the employer thought was	was	AUX	said	VERB	 said
She assisted her husband in both his unsuccessful 1960 presidential campaign and later in his successful 1968 presidential campaign.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The brand new light cruiser HMS Arethusa had been crippled earlier in the battle and was under fire from the	the	DET	German	ADJ	 German
Back when I first started, at the very beginning, I was always trying to be old and grumpy	grumpy	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The teams moved to Headingley for the Fourth Test at Leeds. Hutton had been recalled and the home team	team	NOUN	batted	VERB	 batted
In 2001, Han was the founding President of the Sculpture Society (Singapore) and remains its Honorary President	President	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Once the company greenlights a localization project, a period of brainstorming starts in which glossary, style, naming	naming	NOUN	schemes	NOUN	 schemes
Koufax jammed his pitching arm in August while diving back to second base to beat a pick off throw.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In the early 2000s, the Single Regeneration Budget of £15 million granted to Sleaford improved the town centre	centre	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The " double slash " symbol in the game's logo was inspired by the Japanese dakuten mark, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It runs from U.S. Route 1 / 9 in Ridgefield east down the New Jersey Palisades to end at County	County	PROPN	Route	PROPN	 Route
It will be available in 20 milligram and 50 milligram vials. Combination therapy experiments with sirolimus (rapamycin)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Tatum called a time out. On third down with one yard to go, Calame faked a handoff to	to	ADP	Ging	PROPN	 Ging
The castle was originally approached from the south, via a bridge and 3.4 metre (11 ft) drawbridge	drawbridge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In April 1949, Northwest Airlines sued the Glenn L. Martin Company, manufacturers of the Martin 2 0 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After a string of films in which she was cast to add glamour, Kaif appeared in Kabir Khan's	's	PART	terrorism	NOUN	 terrorism
In October 1920, the battleship King George V arrived to replace Marlborough in the Mediterranean Fleet. Marlborough then	then	ADV	returned	VERB	 returned
Originally there was a defensive ditch along the outside of the walls. The walls include several towers, not	not	PART	all	PRON	 all
By the early 12th century, the amount of banknotes issued in a single year amounted to an annual rate	rate	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For lead guitar, the singer recruited Michael Bloomfield of the Paul Butterfield Blues Band. The musicians began the	the	DET	June	PROPN	 June
She voiced Heather, a Virginia opossum, in the animated film Over the Hedge in 2006. That same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
On 1 June 1873, the third division of Sarawak (present day Sibu Division) was created under Brooke	Brooke	PROPN	administration	NOUN	 administration
(The plotting in Will Schuester ’ s love life is the one place where the show attempts to have	have	VERB	even	ADV	 even
Following the completion of Literary Hall in 1870, the Clinton Lodge Masons regularly utilized the first floor of the	the	DET	building	NOUN	 building
At the junction with CR 5, here named North Main Street but known as Moira – St. Regis Falls	Falls	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Following his apprenticeship he opened a print shop with a partner in Boston, but a few years later opened	opened	VERB	his	PRON	 his
A writer from Fact wrote that the song " build [s] from Robyn style melodrama into fist pumping	pumping	NOUN	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
The applicant has the initial burden of showing that he or she has a prima facie case that should be	be	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
He claimed that the circle of stars was based on the iconographic tradition of showing the Blessed Virgin Mary as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In January 2009 the remains of a seat from the air tractor were found in rocks near the hut,	,	PUNCT	about	ADV	 about
Dreaming of You helped Selena to become the first solo artist to debut a posthumous album at number one.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the Shiva Purana, the Bhagavata Purana, and the Vishnu Purana, the rakshasa disguises himself as a	a	DET	Brahmin	NOUN	 Brahmin
For the session, various members of the Goodtimers have been mentioned, including guitarist Ronald Alonzo Miller (also	also	ADV	suggested	VERB	 suggested
The airmen drew up a " great circle " (shortest distance on the surface of a globe) flight	flight	NOUN	plan	NOUN	 plan
Following Mao's death in 1976, a power struggle between CPC General Secretary Hua Guofeng and Deng Xiaoping erupted	erupted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The majority of modern Bengal is inhabited by Bengali people who speak the Bengali language. The early Sultans of	of	ADP	Bengal	PROPN	 Bengal
Large German immigrant populations in Newark and Jersey City led to the establishment of a healthy brewing industry in the	the	DET	19th	ADJ	 19th
Chair Heflin was upset by the leaks and two investigations into them were held, one by the General Accounting	Accounting	PROPN	Office	PROPN	 Office
As well, ordinary middle class Dutch people began buying art for the first time, creating a high demand	demand	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
As one prophecy writer put it, " The holocaust of atomic war would fulfill the prophecies. " Criticisms	Criticisms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The epilogue details that further information about the two can be found in the (now lost) work Káruljóð	Káruljóð	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the fall of 1914, Sledd resigned the presidency of Southern University and returned to Emory College, by	by	ADP	then	ADV	 then
Writer Darin Morgan had pieces of the script for a long time, drawing inspiration from research he had done	done	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The derogatory allusions to Cibber in consecutive versions of Pope's mock heroic Dunciad, from 1728 to 1743,	,	PUNCT	became	VERB	 became
Members of the 8th Infantry Regiment of the 4th Infantry Division were the first to land, arriving at 06	06	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
On the other hand, Stephen protected the Archbishop of Esztergom's rights against the conditional nobles of the archbishopric	archbishopric	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
" She received nominations for a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Jolie also played a	a	DET	shape	NOUN	 shape
In the end there was no time for interrogations, as Soviet forces were advancing into the area. SS	SS	PROPN	Hauptsturmfuhrer	PROPN	 Hauptsturmfuhrer
The first single from the album is " Bandz a Make Her Dance ", which was released on September	September	PROPN	11	NUM	 11
They proceeded to confiscate, nationalize and redistribute private and state owned Polish property. In the process, they	they	PRON	banned	VERB	 banned
The Liber Eliensis names Hereswith, the sister of Hild, abbess of Whitby, as Anna's wife and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The company's purpose was to mine and manufacture iron and other metals, with the stated purpose of supplying	supplying	VERB	railroads	NOUN	 railroads
He also in 1867 made modifications to the design of the copper nickel five cent piece, or nickel as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The next week, it fell to number 15 and sold an additional 16,752 copies. It stayed on the	the	DET	chart	NOUN	 chart
Gibson was committed to Transformers: Dark of the Moon at the time he signed on to Fast Five,	,	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
She continued to serve throughout the Napoleonic Wars and on 29 November 1811, she led a British squadron that	that	PRON	captured	VERB	 captured
To resolve the dispute, they relied on a legend that venomous animals would thrive in Caithness but die in	in	ADP	Orkney	PROPN	 Orkney
This version, RM1 (Remix in Mono # 1) of Take 20, runs to 10 minutes 46	46	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
It was followed by " A Little Bit ", which failed to chart in the US, but reached	reached	VERB	a	DET	 a
It revived interest in the bolero genre and was the first record by a Spanish speaking artist to be certified	certified	VERB	gold	NOUN	 gold
The player assumes the role of Kotarou Tennouji, the protagonist of Rewrite. He is a second year high	high	ADJ	school	NOUN	 school
Steiger also performed on Joni Mitchell's 1985 album Dog Eat Dog, where he provided the voice of an	an	DET	evangelist	NOUN	 evangelist
With Steve Cooke, he argues that it is theoretically acceptable — drawing upon Simon Caney's account of just	just	ADJ	war	NOUN	 war
In the spring of 1863, Lincoln was optimistic about upcoming military campaigns to the point of thinking the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He then accompanied Richard to Sicily as the king began the Third Crusade, but events in England prompted Richard	Richard	PROPN	to	PART	 to
" Lavigne's second album, Under My Skin, had deeper personal themes underlying each song, saying that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
I have worked too hard and I am tired. I will go rest then. " He and his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
It is the only bridge in Western Australia to have spanned both a waterway and railway, the Clackline Brook	Brook	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Two series, both written by Steven Moffat, were broadcast on BBC1 in 1997. Like Moffat's earlier	earlier	ADJ	sitcom	NOUN	 sitcom
This stone has two petrosomatoglyphs on it, the prints of two right feet, said to be of Saint	Saint	PROPN	Columba	PROPN	 Columba
Thereafter, Anonymus continued, the Magyar army marched towards the Timiș and " encamped beside the ford of Foeni	Foeni	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Chiefs of Staff Committee supported the decision. A directorate of Tube Alloys was established as part of Appleton	Appleton	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Countryside Act 1968 provided a framework for such action, and a visit in 1971 to see the work	work	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
The findings were never made public. In 1974 the commission was reopened and issued a supplementary report, which	which	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
A newsletter circulated a week after the battle reported that 28,000 died on the battlefield. Contemporary accounts described Henry	Henry	PROPN	VI	PROPN	 VI
Morgan told Carter that the two of them would rejoin, but only for four episodes, and only if	if	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The IAU further decided that bodies that, like Pluto, meet criteria 1 and 2 but do not meet	meet	VERB	criterion	NOUN	 criterion
They ambush Owen and throw him into the pool. Jimmy says that if Owen can hold his breath underwater	underwater	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Felton made an appearance in the episode " Hide and Seek " of Second Sight 2 followed in 2000.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Although the second and third generation are by and large quite nice people from what I saw, they still	still	ADV	live	VERB	 live
At first, such analogies were used in reverse to help explain electrical phenomena in familiar mechanical terms. James	James	PROPN	Clerk	PROPN	 Clerk
On 21 April, the Grand Fleet conducted a demonstration off Horns Reef to distract the Germans while the Russian	Russian	ADJ	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
Breed's Hill, at a height of 62 feet (19 m), was more southerly and nearer	nearer	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Carter's use of continuous takes in " Triangle " was modeled on Hitchcock's Rope. In addition,	,	PUNCT	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Real life crime series Cops, Crime 360, and The First 48 regularly film in Cleveland and other U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	cities	NOUN	 cities
At full power, Three Gorges reduces coal consumption by 31 million tonnes per year, avoiding 100 million tonnes	tonnes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He eventually won the punt return job as well as the third cornerback job beating out C. J. Wilson and	and	CCONJ	Sherrod	PROPN	 Sherrod
Shuey played for the Dodgers through the end of the 2003 season. During spring training prior to the 2004	2004	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Barr's candidacy was criticized by Libertarians who opposed his efforts in Congress, which included a vote in favor	favor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1856, Helm married Emilie Todd, a half sister of Mary Todd Lincoln. In 1860, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Established around 1713, the Kinne Cemetery is one of eighteen family cemeteries in Griswold. It rests upon the	the	DET	land	NOUN	 land
It underwent several construction phases from in the Late to Terminal Classic. The pyramid was topped by a three	three	NUM	room	NOUN	 room
In the 1930s the Whiggish view of the English economy was challenged by a group of scholars at the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In any case, it is known that Baybars issued a diploma confirming Isa as amir al ʿarab and recognizing	recognizing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
This campaign included shops in nearby Ballinrobe refusing to serve him, and the withdrawal of services. Some were	were	AUX	threatened	VERB	 threatened
The new Mint director, George Roberts, who had replaced Andrew, initially favored a design featuring assassinated President	President	PROPN	Abraham	PROPN	 Abraham
The Col de la Croix de Fer was the highest point reached in the Alps in the 2012 Tour,	,	PUNCT	so	SCONJ	 so
An incident took place during the 1941 Harvard – Navy lacrosse game, when the Harvard Crimson men's lacrosse	lacrosse	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
Miller dropped Hutton from Lindwall's bowling before he had scored and played and missed multiple times. Hutton and	and	CCONJ	Washbrook	PROPN	 Washbrook
The Formula One Constructors ' Association (FOCA) was created in 1974 by Ecclestone, Colin Chapman, Teddy	Teddy	PROPN	Mayer	PROPN	 Mayer
After enrolling into Magic University, her twin sisters, Kasumi and Izumi Saegusa, enroll into First High.	.	PUNCT	LN	PROPN	 LN
Benjamin Ryan Tillman was born on August 11, 1847, on the family plantation " Chester ", near	near	ADP	Trenton	PROPN	 Trenton
The Air Force remained fully committed to finding and bringing back every downed air man, regardless of the cost	cost	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Sea King was also adapted to meet the Royal Navy's requirement for a ship based airborne early warning	warning	NOUN	platform	NOUN	 platform
SFX journalist Ian Berriman echoed analogous sentiments, inevitably issuing " 18 Miles Out " a four and a half	half	ADJ	star	NOUN	 star
The next year, Letcher was re elected to the post without opposition. The Whigs ' state nominating convention	convention	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan's Dave Geary and Vancouver, BC's Rand Holmes were key figures, Holmes being the	the	DET	creator	NOUN	 creator
Others came under the influence of Renaissance humanism, turning towards secular narrative cycles, as biblical imagery was blended	blended	VERB	with	ADP	 with
It can be used, for example, to trace the flow of gases within the lungs. Because xenon	xenon	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This can take place anywhere from fifteen to hundreds of kilometers (ten to a few hundred miles) outside	outside	ADP	the	DET	 the
No summary can do it justice. " The Observer ' s Paris correspondent, Jason Burke, praised the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
Operation Olympic was to be followed in March 1946 by Operation Coronet, the capture of the Kantō Plain,	,	PUNCT	near	ADP	 near
" From this Pächt views the perspective as deliberately lacking cohesion, as " the relationship between the parts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On June 6, federal judge Richard Paul Matsch ruled the documents would not prove McVeigh innocent and ordered the	the	DET	execution	NOUN	 execution
The Guests ' Hall and its adjoining Porch Room occupy the space above the entrance to the courtyard and the	the	DET	Gatehouse	PROPN	 Gatehouse
In April 2012, in the midst of a debate about the nature of political party funding, Miliband called	called	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The CIWS emplacements were part of the upgrades that Protecteur received before deploying to the Persian Gulf region. Her	Her	PRON	former	ADJ	 former
The tunnel runs between Asker Station and Solstad and was built as part of the first stage of the Asker	Asker	PROPN	Line	PROPN	 Line
The ability to analyze general linear models was also added as was the FORMAT procedure, which allowed developers to	to	PART	customize	VERB	 customize
Army Group B was commanded by Fedor von Bock. It was allocated 26 infantry and three Panzer divisions for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
They go to Corky's apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
It's easy for me to match my voice. And then if I'm going to use other background	background	NOUN	singers	NOUN	 singers
Likewise, if a non player character is visible on the screen, they can be tapped to initiate a	a	DET	conversation	NOUN	 conversation
" Suraya Attas from The Straits Times described Carey's voice as husky, and felt it " exploited her	her	PRON	vocal	ADJ	 vocal
At the exit for Route 34, I 195 ends and Route 138 begins, but the highway and exit	exit	NOUN	numbering	NOUN	 numbering
The creek was named because " a white deer is said to have been killed at an early day in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Meanwhile, news producer Alan J. Weiss from WABC TV had been waiting to be treated in the emergency room	room	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
It is the third installment in The Elder Scrolls series of games, following The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall	Daggerfall	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jane, Dinah's aunt, shares her name with LeGrow's sister. Edaniel takes his name from the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
The cricket writer Ray Robinson said of Trumble: " El Greco, with his lengthening touch would have liked	liked	VERB	to	PART	 to
Most of the Kardashian sisters ' significant others have appeared on the reality series. Kim's relationship with football	football	NOUN	player	NOUN	 player
Guests at the party included Adolf Hitler, party chairman Martin Borman, Hitler's deputy and Commander in Chief	Chief	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Following MacArthur's directive to secure the airfields at Lae and Finschhafen, the Commander in Chief Allied Forces,	,	PUNCT	South	PROPN	 South
Beyond NY 29's eastern terminus at Greenwich Junction, Route 22 heads eastward again through 18 miles (29	29	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
About us ran and skipped, appeared and disappeared, round this tree and that, the conscientious wielder of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
When Cornwallis reached Hanover Court House he stopped the chase, and instead detached Tarleton and John Graves Simcoe on	on	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The band performed the song eight days ahead of its release at a secret show held at the Echoplex on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
The scandal started during a house party in September 1890, when Sir William Gordon Cumming, a decorated lieutenant	lieutenant	NOUN	colonel	NOUN	 colonel
During the interwar period, a sorcerer named Chem Keo claimed to be Long's reincarnation. During World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
After his behaviour had featured in Osborne's initial dispatch, Smith challenged his account and Osborne demanded a court	court	NOUN	martial	NOUN	 martial
The lower station is located beside an OHSU facility in the South Waterfront neighborhood, adjacent to a stop on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
While preparing, Young expressed his pleasure in the fact that the producers decided to keep Victor's robotic parts	parts	NOUN	internal	ADJ	 internal
Leasing companies and financial intermediaries may also receive loans from the IFC. Though loans have traditionally been denominated in	in	ADP	hard	ADJ	 hard
Later that same year, Walsh criticised the Cameron government again, suggesting that the London Olympics ought to have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
He promised to withhold fire if the town swore an oath of allegiance to King George. They must also	also	ADV	surrender	VERB	 surrender
As the war in Europe escalated, Kingsbury and Avery made up their minds to enlist. Despite his parents	parents	NOUN	'	PART	 '
I always want to go one way, and George goes another way, but we each took turns trading	trading	VERB	off	ADP	 off
The earthquake was initially measured at 6.0 on the moment magnitude scale, although later analysis suggests a slightly lower	lower	ADJ	value	NOUN	 value
The first portion of MD 528 to be expanded to a divided highway was around the intersection with MD 90	90	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
While supernatural and urban legends inspired many episodes, some storyline aspects were influenced by popular culture. The inspiration	inspiration	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The radioisotope iridium 192 is one of the two most important sources of energy for use in industrial γ radiography	radiography	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
If you recycle even your own sets, and use them again, that's going to save money.	.	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
" Lifesong " ranked at number twelve on the 2005 year end Hot Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC charts	charts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chandler, who went on to win the governorship, had promised that he would not need to raise taxes	taxes	NOUN	to	PART	 to
These monks allegedly translated the Sutra of Forty two Chapters from Sanskrit into Chinese, although it is now proven	proven	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Hutton contributed few runs, but Cowdrey and Peter May made large scores and Tyson took seven wickets as Australia	Australia	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Arjona commented that he was happy about collaborating with Moreno, stating that " we had the possibilites to record	record	VERB	this	DET	 this
The mushroom is also used as a food source by several species of mushroom flies, as well as other	other	ADJ	insects	NOUN	 insects
In the Yellow Submarine film, the song appears during a scene when the submarine carrying the Beatles travels through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
The soldiers ' weapons were taken away for examination and, the following day, the soldiers themselves were interviewed	interviewed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The Earl Marischal, as Marischal of Scotland, had formal responsibility for the honours, and in June the	the	DET	Privy	PROPN	 Privy
The government of Bosnia and Herzegovina issued its approval for the route in Bihać region in the same year.	.	PUNCT	Construction	NOUN	 Construction
In the eleven matches that Somerset played under his captaincy though, only one resulted in a victory. Seamer	Seamer	PROPN	claimed	VERB	 claimed
Over the years both trade and rivalry continued to grow with each company offering reduced freight charges or special rates	rates	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The replica was launched with a ground based winch. It flew several times in 1986 and was filmed as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Disney said the " nice, mysterious, heavy stuff " from both works was not what he aimed for	for	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Like all boats of the class, UB 3 was rated to a diving depth of 50 metres (160	160	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Out of sadness, Arachne soon hanged herself. Taking pity on her, Athena brought her back to life	life	NOUN	transformed	VERB	 transformed
Kaiser was built by the Imperial Dockyard at Kiel, launched on 22 March 1911 and commissioned on 1 August	August	PROPN	1912	NUM	 1912
The speakers were self powered with amplifiers also built by Meyer Sounds. There were 24 HP700 subwoofers positioned all	all	ADV	over	ADP	 over
In the episode " Princesses To The Rescue, " Mulan reminds Sofia and her friends Amber and Jun they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Mota had a 1.49 ERA over his first 32 games of the year, but a 15.00 ERA over his	his	PRON	next	ADJ	 next
To extend this to every frail Individual of the Sex, is to carry it too far; but if	if	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" Neighborhood Watch " received mostly positive reviews, with many complimenting Thiessen's performance. After Peter Burke (	(	PUNCT	Tim	PROPN	Tim
In general, their bicycling tour narratives were better received than those about their mountaineering exploits. Fanny wrote the	the	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
His quick footwork enabled him to alter his position if necessary to play the ball on the off side.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Bramwell was " desperate " for the freedom to experiment without forced guidance. " The game ", he	he	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
He also witnessed some miracles at the gravesite of Edward the Martyr at Shaftesbury Abbey, helping to lead to	to	ADP	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
" Heylin also takes exception to Robertson's passing off the Band's songs as originating from the basement sessions	sessions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His score remained the same in the final round on August 12, and he remained in 17th place.	.	PUNCT	Men	PROPN	 Men
He is married to Tina and has four children: Chris, Chloe, Leah and Lexie Brooke. In	In	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
After Worf reverses the course through the fissure, he and all the versions of the Enterprise are returned to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Star Trek was the series ' biggest grossing film at the domestic box office in the United States, resulting	resulting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Floyd later wrote: " At this moment [1828] came the direful struggle between the great parties in	in	ADP	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
Kesselring's main operational task during this time was the support of the Condor Legion in the Spanish Civil War	War	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He wrote, " The Black Eyed Peas may be the ones who earn the shout out here. But	But	CCONJ	every	DET	 every
In this episode, Scully is kidnapped by an alien bounty hunter and Mulder offers his sister Samantha (Leitch	Leitch	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The memo was eventually obtained by LaRouche's attorneys and submitted as an exhibit in the 1987 trial of LaRouche	LaRouche	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2001, Jackson had a chili recipe published in " The Barking Gourmet, " the St. Albans School	School	PROPN	family	NOUN	 family
Also attempting to capture Sydney is Romeo Guildenstern of the Crimson Blades, whose mission was undertaken without the approval	approval	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Initially the government was run by eight commissioners and adopted a policy of undermining the political power of the nobility	nobility	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Though such claims have been repeated frequently, scholars have dismissed them as fantasies, and refer to indisputable proof	proof	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
New York's performance declined in 1905, as numerous pitchers dealt with arm injuries and conditioning issues. After	After	ADP	losing	VERB	 losing
IGN praised Sora's resilient character noting how such an ordinary " youngster " could face up to his challenges	challenges	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
.. I can't let myself get worked up thinking about that game. I don't want to take	take	VERB	a	DET	 a
The products of the area's industries and farms could for the first time be shipped cheaply to the markets	markets	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Adam's Song " is generally considered one of the band's more serious songs, one " that	that	PRON	hints	VERB	 hints
In December 2012 General Motors reported, based on data collected through its OnStar telematics system since Volt deliveries began	began	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
However those inside the 610 Loop did not want to lose access to Pershing, a full service middle school	school	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The Arcade version was released in 2003 alongside its Gamecube counterpart. When F Zero GX was released, the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
They reached the west coast of the Cotentin on 17 June, cutting off Cherbourg. The 9th Division,	,	PUNCT	joined	VERB	 joined
Burton filmed all the dramatic hospital scenes and most of those involving Finney first, before moving on to the	the	DET	McGregor	PROPN	 McGregor
Since 1987, Providence / Stoughton Line service has run through Readville without making a station stop, even though	though	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The Saturn IB was an upgraded version of the Saturn I. The S IB first stage increased the thrust to	to	ADP	1,600,000	NUM	 1,600,000
It sourced its milk, butter, eggs, and vegetables from Briarcliff Farms. The kitchen's trash was	was	AUX	frozen	VERB	 frozen
" This in turn led to an offer to appear in Casey, a gay pornographic film in which Culver	Culver	PROPN	played	VERB	 played
During her career she worked on over 130 commissions, including dozens of major estate gardens. Among her most	most	ADV	notable	ADJ	 notable
In 1633, the Court of Exchequer Chamber of Charles I decreed the rights of the public to two thirds	thirds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By November 1939, all eight submarines had been fully constructed and commissioned into the Kriegsmarine. The Type IXA	IXA	PROPN	submarines	NOUN	 submarines
A sympathetic jury ignores the law to find him not guilty. Sleeny wins Maud's hand in marriage,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
They are the elves who have basically lost their planet and their race to another race, the Asgardians.	.	PUNCT	Here	ADV	 Here
That year, Tarwater set his first conference record by swimming the 200 yard butterfly in 1: 43.46 en	en	ADP	route	NOUN	 route
Kvinneakt was one of 11 sculptures selected for the Portland Transit Mall from more than 500 entries entered in a	a	DET	juried	ADJ	 juried
He was occasionally vulnerable to left arm bowlers, either due to his inability to adjust his line of stroke	stroke	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The breed became popular with cattlemen for their smooth gaits and ability to work with cattle. In 1948,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1998, Furniss played in their minor league system through 2000. He played	played	VERB	for	ADP	 for
On 4th and 10, Stephen Flint was tackled nine yards behind the line of scrimmage, returning the ball	ball	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Varaha states in verse 2.4 that the truly blessed are those who know Brahman and Atman and have thus become	become	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Patriarchy is just one of the hierarchies. Relational hierarchies between women within the same family are more adverse.	.	PUNCT	Here	ADV	 Here
" The album was the band's first to primarily feature dropped tuning, as featured on the lead track	track	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other collaborators included John Hill, Sam Endicott, and Timbaland. Shakira later said that her collaboration with Williams	Williams	PROPN	helped	VERB	 helped
Upon finishing Codename: Gordon, a new bonus game is unlocked, called " Crow Chase ", in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Posey had created a rift in the politics of the territory by supporting slavery, much to the chagrin of	of	ADP	opponents	NOUN	 opponents
This rumor proved to false, but the Russians had decided that they should continue the design process for the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The British Institution, founded in 1805 by a group of aristocratic connoisseurs, attempted to address this situation.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Creative Assembly also outlined the features of the game, including the game covering the medieval era from the	the	DET	11th	NOUN	 11th
Throughout an acting career spanning from 1948 to 1969, Murphy made more than 40 feature films and one television	television	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
Due to the production of the event, however, the capacity of the arena was set at a lower	lower	ADJ	standard	NOUN	 standard
Shankly formed a special bond with the Liverpool supporters and, at the end of the 1961 – 62 season	season	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The British government's response to the crisis, and the successful use of force to end it, strengthened	strengthened	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, in actual humans, bupropion is extensively converted in the body into several active metabolites with differing activity	activity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Night is the first in a trilogy — Night, Dawn, Day — marking Wiesel's transition during and	and	CCONJ	after	ADP	 after
Marine and fishing operations were suspended, while schools in Benito Juárez were closed on June 28. In response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The group performed " Stop " without Halliwell in Modena, Italy; for the annually hosted Pavarotti and Friends	Friends	PROPN	charity	NOUN	 charity
The castle briefly reverted to the Crown again, but in 1247 passed by marriage to William de Valence,	,	PUNCT	half	ADJ	 half
He moreover aimed for significant improvement in the Champions League, a competition where the club failed to reach higher	higher	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
These plants include herbs, grasses, sedges, flowers and mistletoes; among these are Deschampsia caespitosa (a	a	DET	very	ADV	 very
During the three year siege of Gaza, the city's Jewish community fought alongside the Byzantine garrison. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
For example, to move in a direction, the cursor changes to point in the intended direction. If	If	SCONJ	players	NOUN	 players
The couple married in August the following year at Wigan Registry Office, although this marriage was bigamous because of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
This provides an incentive for players to remain in the social system (the guild) longer than they might	might	AUX	otherwise	ADV	 otherwise
Russia's mobilization set off full Austro Hungarian and German mobilizations. Soon all the Great Powers except Italy had	had	AUX	chosen	VERB	 chosen
The single reached the top ten on the charts in Hungary, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It also	also	ADV	peaked	VERB	 peaked
A strong negotiator in the early years of valleys ' unionism, as a moderate he lost ground to more	more	ADJ	radical	ADJ	 radical
Trijata is recused of her duties and Sita is transferred to an iron castle, guarded by an army commanded	commanded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The rain in New York caused delays in the play at the 2006 U.S. Open, and washed out a	a	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
” Jean Lorrah described the Darla Angel Connor Jasmine arc as " surely one of the most ambitious story arcs	arcs	NOUN	any	DET	 any
Actress Carole Bouquet reportedly had a pre existing health condition that prevented her from performing actual underwater stunt work.	.	PUNCT	Actual	ADJ	 Actual
As per Leon, during this time, he became inspired by Jurassic Park after watching the film and decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
The weather conditions on the grid were dry before the race; the air temperature was 28° C (	(	PUNCT	82	NUM	82
As of November 2013, the song has sold a total of 150,000 copies in the United States. On	On	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
The street was torn up to dig the tunnel below before being rebuilt from above. Traffic on the street	street	NOUN	above	ADV	 above
I think when he saw Brian at that time, to Bon it was ' Well he's a guy	guy	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The dispute is over whether or not syphilis was also present elsewhere in the world at that time. One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Driberg's campaign slogan was " A Candid Friend For Churchill ", personally supportive but critical of many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Woo desired to make a film about honour, friendship and the relationship of two seemingly opposite people. After	After	ADP	finishing	VERB	 finishing
The population density was 1,592.8 people per square mile (615.0 / km²). There were 35,916 housing units	units	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
A continuation of the scorched earth policy practiced in Northern Norway was particularly feared. Gjems Onstad and Lark were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
The river then enters the city of South Jordan where it merges with Midas Creek from the west. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	leaving	VERB	 leaving
The group selected to die, about three quarters of the total, included almost all children, women with	with	ADP	small	ADJ	 small
Hinson concluded his review saying that the film is " accomplished but uninspiring, The Little Mermaid has enough to	to	PART	please	VERB	 please
His confidants knew this and in many situations took advantage of Grant's presidential authority. Having the ability to	to	PART	pardon	VERB	 pardon
, 1966) Skull Session (Flying Dutchman, 1975) Stolen Moments (East Wind, 1975) With	With	ADP	Art	PROPN	 Art
In 1986 IDOT struck a deal with Swain, agreeing to reroute the road and take only 40 acres (	(	PUNCT	16	NUM	16
His next film roles were in a series of independent features: Another Day in Paradise (1997),	,	PUNCT	part	NOUN	 part
Three singles were released from Title TK: " Off You ", " Huffer ", and " Son	Son	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Koch told her that Cho was involved in an earlier stalking incident and that, " i think he is	is	AUX	schizophrenic	ADJ	 schizophrenic
The sphere was covered in stockinette which was coated with a liberal amount of birdlime, an extremely adhesive substance	substance	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
She released her debut album Sevin Sins on April 13, 2010 on iTunes. Kanellis was born in Ottawa	Ottawa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Johnston ended with 4 / 49. This was followed by a drawn match against Yorkshire, in which Johnston	Johnston	PROPN	scored	VERB	 scored
Minneapolis ' name is attributed to Charles Hoag, the city's first schoolteacher, who combined mni, a	a	DET	Dakota	PROPN	 Dakota
The Bridgwater and Taunton Canal opened in 1827, which provided an easier route than the river, and protracted	protracted	VERB	legal	ADJ	 legal
Peter glimpses Mary Jane sadly leaving the party. The guests all toast to a " Brand New Day.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The overriding law of the empire was the Shari ' ah, or Sacred Law, which as the divine	divine	ADJ	law	NOUN	 law
It took command of the 1st Cavalry Division, 24th Infantry Division, and South Korean 1st Infantry Division,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
The landfalling Arlene interacted with a passing cold front which helped to produce showers further northeast, though damage in	in	ADP	those	DET	 those
A drop of ammonium hydroxide solution turns the cap cuticle a reddish color or is unreactive, and yellow or	or	CCONJ	unreactive	ADJ	 unreactive
The probe photographed pale hills with dark " rivers " running down to a dark plain. Current understanding is	is	AUX	that	SCONJ	 that
During the period 1558 – 1578, Russia dominated the region with early military successes at Dorpat (Tartu)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Jeff Joniak believed that to counter the Legion of Boom, the Bears had to balance the rushing and passing	passing	VERB	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
He shared his exile with Tell and Magheru, as well as with Nicolae Rusu Locusteanu. It was during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
An assessment covering eight domains of psychopathology – such as whether hallucination or mania is experienced – is recommended to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
He made his debut in their first ever I League match on 22 September against Mohun Bagan, playing the	the	DET	entirety	NOUN	 entirety
On his first overseas trip, McCabe struggled badly in his first four weeks in England. In six matches	matches	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
negative figure " - Tuisto is described as being " celebrated " (celebrant) by the early Germanic peoples	peoples	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, early in the following season, he missed three months because of a knee injury. He returned	returned	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Gateshead football club have played their home games at the stadium since 1970. Gateshead International Stadium was home to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Domitian, ultimately, was a tyrant with the character which always makes tyranny repulsive, and this derived in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Lincoln expanded on the conspiracy theories, writing his own books on the subject, and inspiring and presenting three	three	NUM	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
In late April, Presley began a two week residency at the New Frontier Hotel and Casino on the Las	Las	PROPN	Vegas	PROPN	 Vegas
With Kubisch manning the movable machine gun, Lent negotiated the capitulation with the Norwegian ground forces and the airfield	airfield	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
I can be patient but it gives us a lot of headaches. " In 2010 the airline switched its	its	PRON	Boeing	PROPN	 Boeing
In " Four Months Ago... ", Elle admits to being diagnosed as a sociopath and previous to that	that	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
They also refer to Morrison and Janet Planet's life at the time: " We were finally, really	really	ADV	living	VERB	 living
(The rest of Route 87 became part of Sign Route 24, which turned east at Oroville along present	present	ADJ	State	PROPN	 State
The following season, Yeovil won the Conference and promotion into The Football League, although Stansfield was ruled out	out	ADP	with	ADP	 with
However, he was obliged to request help when, as Aurora neared New Zealand in stormy weather on 31	31	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
The group existed as a casual collective formed by Crow and musicians Bill Bottrell, David Baerwald, Kevin Gilbert	Gilbert	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Thessaloniki was taken after a long battle with three Greek divisions under the command of General Bakopoulos, and was	was	AUX	followed	VERB	 followed
Ted Abenheim, event chair of Prism Comics said in 2008, “ We ’ re in our sixth year	year	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the end of September, Cradock made his first fruitless search of the Tierra del Fuego area and later	later	ADV	detached	VERB	 detached
With her colleagues, she clarified the taxonomy of Indonesian white eyes, establishing the specific status of the Sangihe	Sangihe	PROPN	white	ADJ	 white
Marrakesh is known by a variety of nicknames, including the " Red City ", the " Ochre City	City	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
He stopped reviewing a majority of the Season 8 episodes since " Pam's Replacement ", due to his	his	PRON	distaste	NOUN	 distaste
Campbell was a London science fiction fan; he had been brought on by Hulton Press (publisher of the	the	DET	very	ADV	 very
In February 1978, the new jetliner received the 767 model designation, and three variants were planned: a	a	DET	767	PROPN	 767
She often worked at night, wearing jeans and a plaid shirt – not the usual attire for a woman	woman	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Brown presented his plans for the development during subsequent tours by top state leaders, including future New York State	State	PROPN	Governors	PROPN	 Governors
In his next start, against the Philadelphia Phillies on August 13, he allowed four unearned runs in five	five	NUM	innings	NOUN	 innings
Marie Thérèse even sold a diamond necklace that the Emperor Paul had given her as a wedding gift. Marie	Marie	PROPN	Thérèse	PROPN	 Thérèse
A third film, Lois Weber's Hypocrites, portrayed " The Naked Truth " (an uncredited Margaret Edwards	Edwards	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Graham was also named MVP of the 2010 Senior Bowl. In high school, he was a highly decorated	decorated	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The destroyer HMS Grenville and six merchant ships totalling 21,617 GRT were lost to this minefield as well and another	another	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
I am very grateful for this opportunity! " Another remix by Sick Individuals, which consist of Dutch duo	duo	NOUN	Rinze	PROPN	 Rinze
Route 23 continues north with frontage roads serving businesses, coming to an interchange with U.S. Route 202 and County	County	PROPN	Route	PROPN	 Route
Each time, the concert lasted for two and a half hours and featured songs sung by Lia, Rita	Rita	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1951, UUCA minister Ross Allen Weston founded the Community Council for Social Progress, an interracial, interfaith	interfaith	PROPN	group	NOUN	 group
One of these was Daws Butler, known for voicing characters such as Huckleberry Hound, Snagglepuss, Elroy Jetson	Jetson	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Mine Again " is an " old school ' 70s smooth soul ", and neo soul ballad.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The initial reaction of some fans was dismay, as there were concerns that The Next Generation would continue to	to	PART	lift	VERB	 lift
He played drums without quantizing them and referred to the personal library of samples he had amassed over his career	career	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 10, 1993. In the episode, Pembleton	Pembleton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Men's bikinis can have high or low side panels, and string sides or tie sides. Most lack	lack	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1916 Rika Wallen traveled to Valdez, reportedly " because she thought Alaska would be like Sweden ".	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Andy Bell cites Bush as an influence on Erasure. In addition to those artists who state that Bush has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
[...] This, right here, is the kind of sequence the show needs. There ’ s	s	VERB	too	ADV	 too
Some sources state that it does not exist, or at least has never been observed, while other sources	sources	NOUN	assert	VERB	 assert
One follows the protagonist Shea Ohmsford on his quest to obtain the Sword of Shannara and confront the Warlock Lord	Lord	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Classical Cynics followed this philosophy to the extent of neglecting everything not furthering their perfection of virtue and attainment of	of	ADP	happiness	NOUN	 happiness
Migg emerges from the bathroom as Gerri leaves the house, and encourages Tom to call in sick. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
While recovering, the Panthers dealt him to the Detroit Red Wings at the trade deadline in exchange for forward	forward	ADJ	prospect	NOUN	 prospect
(often referred to as Treats, Treats!, Treats Magazine or Treats! Magazine) is a limited	limited	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Irreconcilably alienated from his wife, Austin fell in love in 1882 with Mabel Loomis Todd, an Amherst College	College	PROPN	faculty	NOUN	 faculty
In late 1332, coinciding with the appointment of Emir Taynal al Ashrafi as governor, some of the provincial	provincial	ADJ	privileges	NOUN	 privileges
The resulting Grand Canyon Supergroup of sedimentary units is composed of nine varied geologic formations that were laid down from	from	ADP	1.2	NUM	 1.2
At the time most of the bosses faced by the players were dragons, hence the name. While not	not	PART	transferable	ADJ	 transferable
On 16 August 1961, when the Berlin Wall crisis was unfolding, several United States Air Force Reserve units	units	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" other Zelda "), with new dungeon locations / layouts, different item placements, and stronger enemies	enemies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To prepare for the operations of the Su 27 K and the rival MiG 29 K on board the new	new	ADJ	carrier	NOUN	 carrier
In 1984, his company merged with the larger Spectrum 7, and Bush became chairman. The company was	was	AUX	hurt	VERB	 hurt
Movistar's Andrey Amador moved up into third. Stage 15 was the final stage of the second week and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
For example, Roman water clocks had different scales for different months of the year: at Rome's latitude	latitude	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The special drew over 9 million viewers, and was the most watched television program of the night. For	For	ADP	the	DET	 the
With its long lifespan of 70 years or more, and slow rate of reproduction, the dugong is especially	especially	ADV	vulnerable	ADJ	 vulnerable
His business involved braiding dog hairs around fishhooks, the result of which could be sold as trout flies.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
" Maureen Ryan described the chemistry between Black and Michael Shanks as " sparky " and " one of the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Gaga's performance was frequently mentioned in the critiques. Idolator's Becky Bain, Tracy Gilchrist of SheWired,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In November 1863, Irataba traveled with Moss to San Pedro, Los Angeles, where they boarded the steamship	steamship	NOUN	Senator	PROPN	 Senator
In 1602, after discovering that Anne had smuggled Beatrix Ruthven into Holyrood, James carried out a cross examination	examination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Having been undefeated in their matches up to this point, the Australians maintained their streak in the remaining fixtures	fixtures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Grand Duchess was already married to Duke Peter Alexandrovich of Oldenburg, who was covertly believed by his friends	friends	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They both competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match at the same event, but the match was	was	AUX	won	VERB	 won
The cost to repair the statue and buildings on the island was about $100,000. The narrow ascent to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reich discovered a technique known as phasing, in which two musical activities begin simultaneously and are repeated, gradually	gradually	ADV	drifting	VERB	 drifting
The Hall of Heroes accessory for the second edition of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, published in 1989, features	features	VERB	a	DET	 a
Because of this, anhydrous salts containing alkali metal cations are often used as desiccants. Alkali metals also readily	readily	ADV	form	VERB	 form
In 1996, a large video display was added center stage, which was then upgraded in 2003 as the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
This would see HCI partnering a top local school for exchange and mutual learning programmes. Incorporated within HCI are	are	AUX	the	DET	 the
Fifty five years after the fact, a journalist writing for the Guardian newspaper stated unequivocally, though without offering	offering	VERB	any	DET	 any
In Annamalaiyar temple, Shiva is said to have manifested himself as a massive column of fire, whose crown	crown	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
TV Guide listed the character of SpongeBob SquarePants at No. 9 for its " 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of	of	ADP	All	DET	 All
After his return to Canada in 1970, Newman was appointed Acting Director of the Broadcast Programs Branch for the	the	DET	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
The brave but doomed defense of Bataan had captured the imagination of the American public, who saw MacArthur as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
I do care. " Because of the number of " Obamacare " search engine queries, the Department of	of	ADP	Health	PROPN	 Health
He had stated that the recording was from him testing the microphone setup in studio, but he liked the	the	DET	sound	NOUN	 sound
Albert Bouchard had been completely excluded from the retooling of the album for contractual reasons, but hoped to have	have	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Although winds were strong, the majority of damage was limited to broken windows, removed sheet metal, broken	broken	ADJ	gutters	NOUN	 gutters
He agrees to Lord Caldlow's terms, and writes down the secrets to all his tricks. When Caldlow	Caldlow	PROPN	visits	NOUN	 visits
" In addition to a quote from Internet Bookwatch, Columbia University Press advertised Animal Rights Without Liberation with quotes	quotes	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
I tried to score. I never missed on purpose. It just happened, it was a bad penalty	penalty	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The only Egyptian to win a bout in London was Hesham Yehia, in the flyweight division, who defeated	defeated	VERB	Benson	PROPN	 Benson
" Bad Day " received a three times platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA)	)	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Thereafter, Motion records, she disappeared, " to be mentioned only fleetingly in later accounts of his university	university	NOUN	life	NOUN	 life
Some post 1991 revelations suggest that prisoners were also executed in the same manner at the NKVD headquarters in Smolensk	Smolensk	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Across the country, local, state, and the Supreme Councils offered rewards to anyone who could prove that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Possessing a photographic memory, top athletic ability, and proficiency with most firearms, he has little difficulty distinguishing	distinguishing	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
This arrangement was not permanent, and Longchamp outmanoeuvered Hugh to become sole justiciar by the middle of 1190.	.	PUNCT	Longchamp	PROPN	 Longchamp
It replaced an earlier church on the spot which was originally built in 1656 and destroyed by the Russians in	in	ADP	1716	NUM	 1716
The ceilings of the drawing room and library are the most elaborate in the house. The plaster frieze in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the local level, NFL games were the highest ranked shows in NFL markets 92% of the time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The western ridgeline of the Metacomet Ridge begins in New Haven, Connecticut, as West Rock Ridge and continues	continues	VERB	as	ADP	 as
A smoking arquebus was discovered in a window, but the culprit had made his escape from the rear of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Roe family and its descendants of Withdean are also represented. William Roe and his son William Thomas Roe	Roe	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Coyne defended his position by giving public speeches, to the dismay of the government. The Cabinet was also	also	ADV	angered	VERB	 angered
Wiggins was wearing the rainbow jersey of the world time trial champion in a race for the first time and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
MTV said that " Miles Away ", the third single from the album, was the most deceptively simple	simple	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
" Having been a success in London for nearly a year, Little Tich travelled to Scotland to appear in	in	ADP	pantomime	NOUN	 pantomime
The Great Wall was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987. However, while tourism boomed over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other units at Horn Island included No. 28 Operational Base Unit, which had been located there since being	being	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
Because of this, no one was allowed to mock, kill, or eat one. There are also	also	ADV	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
The volcano is basaltic andesitic in composition. It is a modest stratovolcano, rising no more than 1,683 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shell casings from other companies; his factory does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
In Division I and Division III National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) hockey, the fighters are given a	a	DET	Game	PROPN	 Game
Each team sent a squad of nine riders, which meant that the race started with a peloton of 180	180	NUM	cyclists	NOUN	 cyclists
Hall of Fame received generally positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, the album received an average score of	of	ADP	72	NUM	 72
Antonucci went on to found a.k.a Cartoon, Inc., with which he would create The Brothers Grunt and the	the	DET	Cartoon	PROPN	 Cartoon
The investigation uncovered a September 25, 1984, invoice from the American Type Culture Collection of microbes, showing	showing	VERB	an	DET	 an
Ryan was born in Lincoln, Nebraska. Throughout his early life, his family moved frequently through Illinois,	,	PUNCT	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Hearing a rumour that customs officers were waiting in Sydney for him, Barnes disembarked at Melbourne and travelled to	to	ADP	Sydney	PROPN	 Sydney
The width of a given wall was determined by its place in a structure. The first story of a	a	DET	two	NUM	 two
However the Byrds ' recording of the song does not appear in the film, instead an acoustic version credited	credited	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Whitby grew significantly as a port as a result of the alum trade and by importing coal from the Durham	Durham	PROPN	coalfield	NOUN	 coalfield
All elements of the skeleton are now known. The finds by Sole differ from the neotype in details of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They reported that the " lines of accountability were complex and insufficiently clear ", that no project costs were	were	AUX	obtained	VERB	 obtained
The complex formed by lead (II) nitrate, lead (II) perchlorate and a bithiazole bidentate N	N	NUM	donor	NOUN	 donor
Her transformation from the cocky and unabashed prostitute to a sensitive and warm person is amazingly believable. " In	In	ADP	2002	NUM	 2002
In the 21st century it is managed by English Heritage and operated as a tourist attraction, receiving 22,207 visitors	visitors	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This film also expresses nostalgia through the longing of nature and the natural world, as it is the sight	sight	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During their attack at Arras, the British lost 316 air crews and the Canadians lost 114 compared to 44	44	NUM	lost	VERB	 lost
Among Nieuwendyk's decisions in his first two seasons as general manager was to allow popular former captain Mike Modano	Modano	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Cal Poly Pomona students who wish to change majors to an impacted program must meet supplemental requirements required for that	that	DET	major	ADJ	 major
It is recommended that opioids and barbiturates not be used due to questionable efficacy and the risk of rebound headache	headache	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was launched in support of her studio albums... Baby One More Time (1999) and Oops!	!	PUNCT	...	PUNCT	...
Nolan uses multi camera for stunts and single camera for all the dramatic action, from which he will then	then	ADV	watch	VERB	 watch
The state highway runs 23.72 miles (38.17 km) from U.S. Route 50 Business (US 50 Business)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The formula also predicts that when the contact angle is 0°, the liquid will spread out into a	a	DET	micro	ADJ	 micro
He made his second debut for the club four days later, scoring with a header in the 80th minute	minute	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Bukovsky was among the first 34 signatories of " Putin must go ", an online anti Putin manifesto published	published	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Victoria dreaded the long Russian winter with its short days, and she traveled abroad frequently visiting her sister Marie	Marie	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" When the spear point was withdrawn, Epaminondas quickly expired. In accordance with Greek custom, he was	was	AUX	buried	VERB	 buried
Mark Wright of The Stage gave a favourable review of the episode. He referred to his review of "	"	PUNCT	Midnight	PROPN	 Midnight
Where these two freeways merge is the busiest portion of I 70 in the state, with an annual average	average	ADJ	daily	ADJ	 daily
" On 3 February 1852, in the Battle of Caseros, they faced Rosas and his army. The	The	DET	allies	NOUN	 allies
In 1983 the Manpower Services Commission, which had a remit to co ordinate employment and training services in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Dreadnot (Dana Snyder) is a teacher at Harry S. Apocalypse who finds joy in torturing and invoking pain	pain	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Georgia Tech's 2006 season began with a tough game against No. 2 Notre Dame. Though the Yellow	Yellow	PROPN	Jackets	PROPN	 Jackets
Angelina attempted to seduce Kevin, making Chloe hate her. Angelo put Kevin in charge of keeping Angelina safe	safe	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
The first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun was obtained in 1946, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (	(	PUNCT	NASA	PROPN	NASA
He declined, and the appointment went to Francis Beaufort on Heywood's recommendation. After a brief period ashore	ashore	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Posing for the photographer, Madonna looks towards the camera with challenge in her eyes thus depicting sexual aggression.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
In that interview, he said, " The entire state of Idaho was threatening to shut down the Parks	Parks	PROPN	department	NOUN	 department
In contrast, M. ingens has a weaker, dark brown tuft. Macrotarsomys petteri has a large and robust	robust	ADJ	skull	NOUN	 skull
Some consider these first two novels little more than apprentice works, while others see them in light of the	the	DET	later	ADJ	 later
The game revolves around the player tending to a neglected garden in Piñata Island, in which different variations of	of	ADP	piñatas	NOUN	 piñatas
A report into the experience of refugees resettled in Brighton and Hove under the scheme between October 2006 and October	October	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
Sullivan's old collaborator on Cox and Box (later the editor of Punch magazine), F. C. Burnand	Burnand	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was a runner up in the RPG category for IGN's Best of E3 Awards at the Electronic Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	Expo	PROPN	 Expo
" Dylan's two previous albums, The Times They Are A Changin ' and Another Side of Bob Dylan	Dylan	PROPN	both	PRON	 both
As part of the fiscal year 1990 budget, Cheney assessed the requests from each of the branches of the	the	DET	armed	ADJ	 armed
The Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Orden del Libertador General San Martín), created in his	his	PRON	honor	NOUN	 honor
The event opened with a ten bell salute to Chris Candido while a photo of Candido, a pair of	of	ADP	boots	NOUN	 boots
More assertive criticism was directed toward Stowe's portrayals of the local Mandarin blacks. Cambridge Introduction to Literature author	author	NOUN	Sarah	PROPN	 Sarah
Despite the acclaim from many contemporary reviewers, modern scholars of the silent film era would not consider The Carpet	Carpet	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
" Invisible " is ballad describing loneliness and heartache of going unnoticed. Sean Dooley of About.com writes, the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Other official promotional partners included Burger King, Dr. Pepper, 7 Eleven, and Visa. In May 2011	2011	NUM	Marvel	PROPN	 Marvel
In 1908 artist Harry Pettit produced a romantic interpretation of a future New York, filled with giant skyscrapers supporting	supporting	VERB	aerial	ADJ	 aerial
The decision by the Waffen SS to form and train the division outside Bosnia was contrary to advice given by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Television columnist Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger opined that this episode " made the best use yet of Cheyenne	Cheyenne	PROPN	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
In addition, Michigan participates in the Great Lakes Circle Tour program, signing tours along the state maintained highway	highway	NOUN	closest	ADJ	 closest
In February 2013, the S III won the " Best Smartphone " award from the GSMA at Mobile World	World	PROPN	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
Eventually the courts ruled in favor of the network. Several of the show's original writers who had worked	worked	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Visually, Marceline has long, dark hair. She rarely walks on the ground, generally preferring to float	float	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
They had applied again and were expected to enter the league that season. As well another new team,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hot Jupiters are expected to be quite dark due to sodium and potassium in their atmospheres but it is not	not	PART	known	VERB	 known
This anger contributed to the severity of the actions when a joint British Seneca Mohawk force attacked Cherry Valley,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Certain events can take place while managing the tower. For example, terrorists may phone the player to let	let	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Ryan Reed from Billboard echoed this sentiment, praising the sonic variety of the song. Emily Zemler, also	also	ADV	writing	VERB	 writing
In the control room of Project Purity, the Lone Wanderer confronts Colonel Autumn, and has the choice to	to	PART	persuade	VERB	 persuade
A similar update in August 2013 as part of YouTube's " Geek Week " added two easter eggs,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
This is also where it passes the intersection of the western terminus of IL 60 and then narrows down to	to	ADP	two	NUM	 two
According to the National Weather service, Erie was just ahead of Syracuse, NY by 6 inches of snow	snow	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An upper level low connected to a trough weakened the ridge over China, allowing Kammuri to move slowly northward	northward	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Close analysis of the soil immediately below the skeleton revealed that the man had been infested with roundworm parasites at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Malta lay across their lines of communication and, despite being under siege for two and a half years,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In many baboon species, immigrant alpha males often practice infanticide upon arrival in a new troop. By killing	killing	VERB	unrelated	ADJ	 unrelated
The final go ahead, eventually supported by the Foreign Office, was not given until 6 January 1942,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
In 1977, ALDOT publicly unveiled the final routing of the route and presented it at a series of public	public	ADJ	meetings	NOUN	 meetings
The changeover period during which the former currencies ' notes and coins were exchanged for those of the euro lasted	lasted	VERB	about	ADV	 about
The engines were rated at 2,000 indicated horsepower (1,500 kW), but only managed to reach 1,807 ihp	ihp	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
On 20 October, Müller decided it was time to move to a new area of operations. Müller decided	decided	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The rocket lands in the Hipparchus Crater, with Tintin being the first human to step on the Moon.	.	PUNCT	Three	NUM	 Three
It inhabits most oceans and adjoining seas, and prefers deep offshore waters. It avoids polar and tropical waters	waters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ernst and Zug et al. 1996 list a value of 0.225 mg / kg SC. According to Brown	Brown	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Using Mendeleev's nomenclature for unnamed and undiscovered elements, livermorium is sometimes called eka polonium. In 1979 IUPAC	IUPAC	PROPN	recommended	VERB	 recommended
Ventrally, the antorbital fossa was bounded by a prominent bony ridge, to which the animal's fleshy cheek	cheek	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Most of the interchanges in Toronto were reconstructed as partial cloverleafs and a continuous lighting system was installed. On	On	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Kenneth Tompkins Bainbridge was born in Cooperstown, New York, the second of three sons of William Warin Bainbridge	Bainbridge	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Makemake, however, is a member of the " dynamically hot " class of classical KBOs, meaning that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Other requirements were a weight of up to 1,000 lb (450 kg), a length of up to	to	PART	144	NUM	 144
The same agency made 22 other counties, including Broward, eligible for loans due to their proximity to the	the	DET	disaster	NOUN	 disaster
Markets outside North America Outside North America, the film opened with $88.0 million from 7,173 theaters in just	just	ADV	17	NUM	 17
The curse it issued before leaving – " Sair back and sair banes / Drivin ' the Laird o '	'	PUNCT	Morphies	PROPN	 Morphies
Falklands ' 82 is a turn based strategy game focusing on land battles during the Falklands War. The player	player	NOUN	commands	VERB	 commands
" If McClelland had ruled Holliday had not touched the plate during his slide Barrett would have had the chance	chance	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" However, some critics felt that the band was excessive in its attempts to create a diverse work.	.	PUNCT	Margaret	PROPN	 Margaret
Critics often considered the record as showcasing the potential high quality of remix albums, although some reviewers treated it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
All genotypes appear to have the same risk of transmission. HCV infection is frequently found in children who have	have	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
This extension was designed to connect the southern and northern segments of CR 492 severed by traffic flow changes along	along	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
The resulting Battle of Fromelles was an unmitigated disaster. In one night, the 5th Division sustained 5,533 casualties	casualties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Boris stormed Hungary and took the fortress of Pressburg (present day Bratislava in Slovakia). The royal forces	forces	NOUN	soon	ADV	 soon
Archeologist Stephen H. Lekson believes Chetro Ketl was a palace inhabited by Chacoan royalty, and the scale of its	its	PRON	construction	NOUN	 construction
Macmillan's stated goal was to delay ratification of the Hague Convention, and to make certain that a woman	woman	NOUN	's	PART	's
The gaol gradually slowed its operations, and demolished portions of the original site between 1880 and 1924. In	In	ADP	1924	NUM	 1924
It is located along George Street near the corner with Hamilton Street at the side of the car park to	to	ADP	Kirkpatrick	PROPN	 Kirkpatrick
HBO released an abridged soundtrack album, featuring 14 tracks from True Detective's first two seasons, on August	August	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
It opened again at another cinema, where it ran for seven weeks. A delay in subtitling led to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
' I helped title the movie, but that's it. " Of the car chases, Tarantino stated	stated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Garfield advocated agricultural technology, an educated electorate, and civil rights for African Americans. He also proposed substantial	substantial	ADJ	civil	ADJ	 civil
It was designed with the Xbox 360 controller in mind; for example, the A button is used for	for	ADP	selecting	VERB	 selecting
" Time Capsule " received generally positive reviews. Alex Strachan of the Montreal Gazette called it a " near	near	ADP	perfect	ADJ	 perfect
Myers described how the controlling could be done remotely by transmitting waves of light from a distance. Myers and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The episode was written by Graham Wagner. It was directed by Jon Favreau. It originally aired on NBC	NBC	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The area is served by Stagecoach Cumbria service, 7A and X7 as well as various school services. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
The clip was made available at iTunes Stores as part of the album's release on December 13, 2013	2013	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Kenny Gattison, the Charlotte Hornets ' player representative, went so far as to blame the entire lockout	lockout	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Madness played two dates in December 2008, firstly in Manchester on 18 December, and secondly a return gig	gig	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Courier must also enter Oliver's compound where they have the choice to either convince him to retreat for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The producers felt that her impression sounded out of place so she ended up using a more normal sounding voice	voice	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) observes that head cheerleader Quinn Fabray's (Dianna Agron) performance	performance	NOUN	standards	NOUN	 standards
In 2001, the Blade was purchased by Window Media LLC, a group of gay oriented newspapers circulated throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rhodes was offered a new contract by new Brentford manager Terry Butcher but turned it down and left the club	club	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
This one took a bit longer to find the lane. " Despite the album's long gestation period,	,	PUNCT	McCoy	PROPN	 McCoy
England had agreed to make a new ball available after every 55 overs, more often than the usual regulations	regulations	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He was the third child, and first son, of František Smetana and his third wife Barbora Lynková.	.	PUNCT	František	NOUN	 František
Averaging 19.0 points, 6.5 assists, and 3.1 rebounds, Lillard was unanimously named Rookie of the Year,	,	PUNCT	joining	VERB	 joining
He used the concept to define the microcanonical, canonical, and grand canonical ensembles, thus obtaining a more	more	ADV	general	ADJ	 general
Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune said that the sweetness of Usher's falsetto balanced out the album's "	"	PUNCT	boilerplate	PROPN	 boilerplate
On 16 December 1944, Germany made a last attempt on the Western Front by using most of its remaining	remaining	VERB	reserves	NOUN	 reserves
Trickett claimed a considerable shortfall in gate money from spectator ships, and a public benefit concert was held for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Some accounts state that Stigand did appear at the council which deposed him, but nothing is recorded of any	any	DET	defence	NOUN	 defence
For the album, Anthony built a studio near his home. Around that time, he was involved in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Under the name piping shrike, the white backed magpie was declared the official emblem of the Government of South	South	PROPN	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
In 1992, Dennis quit the role because he no longer felt challenged as an actor, he stated:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This move also allowed for the fan conspiracy theories surrounding a possible real Stargate in the underground Cheyenne Mountain Complex	Complex	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The Sum of All Fears received ambivalent reviews, but was a commercial success, earning $193 million at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Running back Michael Bush was predicted to return to form after suffering a foot injury that kept him out of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Volunteer " assistants " or " contact persons " coordinate local activities, but they do not hold authority over	over	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Dollery's bat was about to start its downward swing by the time Lindwall's outswinger had passed him and	and	CCONJ	hit	VERB	 hit
Despite the uncertainly surrounding the inception of his reign, the chronicle reveals that Lagmann faced continued opposition from within	within	ADP	his	PRON	 his
" The coffin was loaded on a hearse and carried to a gathering at Fairfield; much of the gathering	gathering	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In administrative law, the two principles of natural justice, which constitute a framework for common law procedural rights	rights	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Nivelle Offensive in April and May had failed to achieve its more ambitious aims, led to the demoralisation	demoralisation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 2008 ball was only used once, and was placed on display at the Times Square Visitors Center following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
German aerial reconnaissance spotted Iron Duke and two decoy battleships in the harbour, and erroneously identified them as active	active	ADJ	units	NOUN	 units
In 1997, Pason called auto insurance " a regressive tax against working people ". Moore was also vocal	vocal	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
As soon as the heaviest attacks subsided against the 25th Division, Walker ordered it to release the 5th Regimental	Regimental	PROPN	Combat	PROPN	 Combat
In some areas of Nayarit, flooding destroyed several areas of agriculture. Near Culiacán, 1,200 head of cattle	cattle	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
He accumulated five fifties and four centuries; with the ball he took 10 or more wickets in four matches	matches	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Being a subjective term, it gives no firm information about its actual height or weight, but since the	the	DET	average	ADJ	 average
Segments therefore are distinguished by their distinct sounds which are a result of their different articulations, and they can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
It was initially commanded by Captain Francis Grant and his deputy, and garrisoned with a porter, two soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Roberts ' detectives witness Frank Lucas ' cousin and driver shoot a woman and then use the threat of a	a	DET	long	ADJ	 long
In late September, Müller decided to bombard Madras. Müller believed the attack would demonstrate his freedom of maneuver	maneuver	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Following the re establishment at Richmond of No. 37 Squadron in February 1966, flying C 130E Hercules,	,	PUNCT	No	PROPN	 No
(The word " tangent " derives from the Latin present participle, tangens, meaning " touching ".	.	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
The forecasts include weekly and monthly changes in significant factors that help determine the number of tropical storms, hurricanes	hurricanes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sarah Rodman of The Boston Globe called it " a good start in the effort to refocus attention on Aguilera	Aguilera	PROPN	's	PART	's
The remaining cannons, meantime, continued firing at the fragile walls of the town. On 4 August,	,	PUNCT	Barbarossa	PROPN	 Barbarossa
In 1998, an area (Lately Common) was further ceded to the Warrington borough – one of the	the	DET	few	ADJ	 few
The 2 / 7th Infantry Battalion, however, still detached to the 15th Brigade, continued on with them	them	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
While moving rapidly westward, the depression began disorganizing due to southwesterly wind shear. The depression degenerated into an	an	DET	open	ADJ	 open
" Under instructions from the Admiralty, Curtis and the other officers judging the case found in Gambier's favour	favour	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Pedro Caro, 3rd Marquis of la Romana, died at Badajoz on 23 January 1811 in a fit of	of	ADP	apoplexy	ADJ	 apoplexy
His children scattered his ashes on the Chatsworth estate in Derbyshire. The only memorial was a bench dedicated to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Both broached the side protection system — allowing 1,008 and 726 long tons (1,024 and 738 t) of	of	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
Combinations of various aromatic herbs, berries, and even ingredients like wormwood would be combined into a mixture known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
33.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65	65	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Brian Blessed, Andy Secombe, and Lewis MacLeod voice, respectively, Boss Nass, the leader of the	the	DET	Gungan	PROPN	 Gungan
North of Malibu, one structure fell into the ocean. The Los Angeles County Fire Department assisted with over	over	ADP	115	NUM	 115
" The author summarizes Karen Blixen's short story " Babette's Feast ", which was adapted into a	a	DET	1987	NUM	 1987
Synthesizer sounds were added by producer Brian Eno on a Yamaha DX7 keyboard, including a " squishy, mad	mad	ADJ	synth	ADJ	 synth
He may instead have based his account on other sources or even hearsay. If Hahn's account is disregarded	disregarded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In early March 1846 the party was halted for 10 days by heavy rain at a wooded area known as	as	ADP	Richardson	PROPN	 Richardson
When part of a lava dome collapses while it still contains molten rock and gases, it can produce a	a	DET	pyroclastic	ADJ	 pyroclastic
As it is part of the UCI World Tour, the 17 UCI WorldTeams were automatically invited and obliged to	to	PART	send	VERB	 send
Together with the ditch's profile, which is U shaped rather than the V shape typically used in military	military	ADJ	ditches	NOUN	 ditches
Penmon has some interesting buildings with histories to match. These buildings (the Priory and church, the dovecot	dovecot	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As of 2015, Capon Chapel remains a Methodist church, now a part of the United Methodist Church,	,	PUNCT	holding	VERB	 holding
He engaged in a debate with opponents of the issue that was published in Bingham's Courier Journal as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Their participation marked their sixth Olympic appearance, and included the smallest number of athletes that had ever represented Aruba	Aruba	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Labyrinth " was composed by Hiromi and contains elements from " My Favorite Things " with a " funky	funky	ADJ	touch	NOUN	 touch
..] he rule [d] over a country where human and civil rights are honored only in their	their	PRON	breach	NOUN	 breach
The kingdom reached the height of its military power and dominion in the latter half of the 18th century under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
Christ's death is compared to Abraham Zapruder's film of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which Manson	Manson	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
In Colchester, fires caused by hand grenades (the weapon was called " wildfire " by the combatants)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
In 1926, the bank made plans to move again, this time constructing a new six story location at	at	ADP	165	NUM	 165
Up! Live from Chicago received favorable critic reviews. Matt Bjorke of About.com reviewed the home release of Up	Up	ADP	!	PUNCT	!
Major Andrew McClary was technically the highest ranking colonial officer to die in the battle; he was hit by	by	ADP	cannon	NOUN	 cannon
The nasal mite Ptilonyssus philemoni has been isolated from the noisy friarbird (Philemon corniculatus) and blue faced honeyeater	honeyeater	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Media related to Connecticut Huskies at Michigan Wolverines, Sep 4, 2010 at Wikimedia Commons Following their win against	against	ADP	Connecticut	PROPN	 Connecticut
After serving as an assistant coach for 22 years, Ryan attained his first head coaching job in the NFL	NFL	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The Giants could afford to pay a 21st round pick that much because their higher picks had signed quickly for	for	ADP	routine	ADJ	 routine
The construction of the pier and bridges cost $119,980. The basin was located where the Erie Canal,	,	PUNCT	constructed	VERB	 constructed
" Cameron wanted to push the boundary of special effects with his film, and enlisted Digital Domain to continue	continue	VERB	the	DET	 the
Through stereotypical images, dialogue and action, it is easy for the audience to make the distinction between good	good	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
Tallon then scored 88 in Queensland's reply. Bradman opined that he had a " clean hitting crisp style	style	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
It is one of four living species of the order Sirenia, which also includes three species of manatees.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Milner supported his hometown club Leeds United from a young age. His earliest memory of the team was watching	watching	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The Mill also made three different types of holograms. The projection from Jack's wriststrap device was coloured blue	blue	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In a 1988 Sydney Morning Herald review, Judith Whelan writes that Harris is more serious in the film than	than	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The film, titled A Liar's Autobiography: The Untrue Story of Monty Python's Graham Chapman, was	was	AUX	shown	VERB	 shown
The declaration allocated federal funding to assist in paying for debris removal and the rebuilding of public infrastructure damaged by	by	ADP	Ernesto	PROPN	 Ernesto
In this game, they were used in a way to allow the enemies to enter and exit the stage	stage	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Their wedding took place at St Michael's Church at Tokyngton, Middlesex, after which they moved to St.	St.	PROPN	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
The first of these is a play on " Do I Make You Proud " by Taylor Hicks, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
This leaves US non governmental entities, such as utilities, without any designated long term storage site for the	the	DET	high	ADJ	 high
By 1945, the KMT had three times more soldiers under its command than the CPC, and because of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
In 1998, Irwin continued, working with director Mark Strickson, to present The Ten Deadliest Snakes in the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
It samples the trademark lyric, " I'm too sexy for my shirt, too sexy for my shirt	shirt	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These were ' U ' -shaped beams that extended from the side of the flight deck into which aircraft tailwheels	tailwheels	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Within a few days, however, Fisher increased the number of guns to six and added two torpedo tubes	tubes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Gioia points to " a characteristic streak of obstinacy " in Beiderbecke that provokes " this chronic disregard of the	the	DET	tried	ADJ	 tried
Early examples include presentations to the Castle of Gallifa in 1986, and the Castle of St. Ferran in Berga	Berga	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Estrada Cabrera was eventually forced out of office as a result of popular disturbances and the intervention of U.S. and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Catalogue entries for a large number of the illuminated manuscript collections are available online, with selected images of pages	pages	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
In the US, bootlegs had been a grey area in legality, but the 1976 Copyright Act extended copyright	copyright	NOUN	protection	NOUN	 protection
Although the suit was briefly seen through a reflection in Clark's eyes in the season nine finale, the	the	DET	suit	NOUN	 suit
The Vijayan dynasty existed until Vasabha of the Lambakanna clan seized power in 66 AD. His ascension to the	the	DET	throne	NOUN	 throne
, 1857, in Manchester ". Staunton's team adopts a Hippopotamus formation, opens the center to start	start	VERB	a	DET	 a
Angle signed with Bellator MMA on October 28, 2015. He attended a fan convention on November 6,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Near this city, the traffic volume jumps to 2,750 vpd, with the heaviest day of the week being	being	AUX	Friday	PROPN	 Friday
The Han continued their expansion northward, and annexed the territory near Shu. Due to the Han – Xiongnu	Xiongnu	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
The accident report found that " the first officer said that they seemed to agree that the airplane was not	not	PART	going	VERB	 going
In 2009 another molecular phylogeny study, using a combination of genes from mitochondria and the cell nucleus, concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
262 survivors in boats were taken aboard the captured Saint Antoine and 38 on Superb, while a handful managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children, the first title conceived for the Compilation, the second to be released	released	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
These operations often encountered fierce opposition, and German Fw 190 fighters proved superior to the Spitfire Mark Vs that	that	SCONJ	No	NOUN	 No
It was not renewed by the club. Kisnorbo joined Leicester City in April 2005 after leaving Hearts, signing	signing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Varahi was installed in Sri Maha Muthu Mariamman temple Lunas, Kedah on 21 February 2014. That is the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
The cliché ' makes them his own ' certainly applies here: He sings them as they've never been	been	AUX	sung	VERB	 sung
At the 1894 Sorbonne congress, a large roster of sports were suggested for the program in Athens. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Children and infants may absorb about 50% of ingested lead, but little is known about absorption rates in	in	ADP	children	NOUN	 children
Immediately afterward, Sheamus eliminated Kingston by pinfall, before being eliminated himself by Triple H at approximately 29 minutes	minutes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to the 2008 Contest, Greece had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twenty eight times since its first	first	ADJ	entry	NOUN	 entry
Several of these rights regulate pre trial procedure: access to a non excessive bail, the right to indictment	indictment	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The top or altissimo register consists of the notes above the written C two octaves above middle C (C6	C6	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
On the cover of the book, however, we see Riel standing alone in the wilderness, staring into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
, Erwin Knoll, Samuel Day, Jr., and Howard Morland, 467 F. Supp. 990 (W.D.	W.D.	PROPN	Wis.	PROPN	 Wis.
David researched her recipes thoroughly, and whenever several supposedly classic and mutually contradictory recipes existed she " knew how	how	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
From the 1820s, a ship was sent annually to New South Wales, and occasionally to New Zealand.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On November 24, 2004 (the day before Thanksgiving), 2,000 Teamsters Union employees went on the first	first	ADJ	strike	NOUN	 strike
Although King Henry might have been amenable to letting him live, this all changed when it was revealed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After being named the system accelerated towards the south southeast and an area of increasing vertical wind shear, as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Andreacarus voalavo was named in 2007 by Ashley Dowling, Andre Bochkov, and Barry OConnor on the basis of	of	ADP	15	NUM	 15
The statue has not been moved from its original location, but the " significance of the work is not	not	PART	dependent	ADJ	 dependent
In 726, Ine abdicated, with no obvious heir and, according to Bede, left his kingdom to	to	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
It has the distinction of being the work Johnson considered his greatest failure. Since his death, the critical	critical	ADJ	consensus	NOUN	 consensus
Wiggins finished the Vuelta in third place – his first podium finish in a Grand Tour. In September he	he	PRON	competed	VERB	 competed
In order to " recover " these " missing " Germanic elements, they had to be made conscious of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Archer then decides not to destroy the kemocite mining complex as he doesn't want the Xindi to think of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
Another witness said they heard a " faint voice of someone over a loudspeaker in the distance but could not	not	PART	make	VERB	 make
Referred to as " Willox's Ball and Bridle ", it had magical powers of healing; a spell	spell	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Nikita Moiseevich Zotov; IPA: [nʲ ' kʲta moɨ'sʲɛɪvʲɪt ͡ ɕ ' zotv]) (1644 –	–	PUNCT	December	PROPN	 December
The library was predated by a freeholders ' library in the 1860s, which eventually gave way to a reading	reading	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
In some countries such as New Zealand, the term " fitch " has taken on a wider use to	to	PART	refer	VERB	 refer
Production of both floorcloth and linoleum occupied seven factories in the town by 1883, employing 1,300. A further	further	ADJ	expansion	NOUN	 expansion
After his departure from the band, Castro became a presenter at the annual OTI Festival where he performed the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Early critics often had difficulty separating Irving the man from Irving the writer — " The life of Washington Irving	Irving	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Hogarth was quite surprised when " this figure stalked forwards to where he and Mr. Richardson were sitting and all	all	PRON	at	ADV	 at
The album was heavily promoted, released in several editions and supported by the Get Loose Tour, which is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
The film grossed ₹ 525 million (US $7.8 million) in its opening three day weekend, including	including	VERB	₹	PROPN	 ₹
Following the success of the Joker in The Dark Knight, studio executives wished for the Riddler to be included	included	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Deans Garden Herbaceous and woody plants, many uncommon in the Ithaca area, such as Vancouveria hexanra and Stuartia	Stuartia	PROPN	pseudocamellia	NOUN	 pseudocamellia
In May 1944, 2. Staffel was transferred to augment III. Gruppe (3rd group) of JG	JG	PROPN	54	NUM	 54
Special tribunals were set up, pronouncing sentences of stoning, amputation, or death by hanging against those who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
" Vitaris, however, did note that the episode's " saving grace " was Vince Gilligan's satiric	satiric	ADJ	writing	NOUN	 writing
In Mottstown, he is arrested and jailed, then moved to Jefferson. His grandparents arrive in town and	and	CCONJ	visit	VERB	 visit
Over winter hit and run attacks on Soviet Army supply routes were the unit's main focus and in spring	spring	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A fan of Jane Austen since she was fourteen, Hathaway immediately began rereading Austen's books, conducting historical	historical	ADJ	research	NOUN	 research
In common with Glasgow, Edinburgh shares an international exchange link with McGill through Universitas 21. In the arts	arts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Vaughan Williams, who thought of himself as a complete Londoner, was sorry to leave the capital, but	but	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Between the loss of the column rear and those killed or wounded in the initial volleys, only about one	one	NUM	half	NOUN	 half
That part of the A7 motorway carries a 20,100 vehicle annual average daily traffic (AADT), and a	a	DET	31,700	NUM	 31,700
The DVD game ranked as the most sold DVDi for the first half of 2011, and forty seventh most	most	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The first non permanent members were Belgium, Brazil, Greece, and Spain. The composition of the Council	Council	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
As a result of Yancey ’ s political activities, he was appointed editor of the Greenville (South Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" After appearing in minor roles in Fall and Home Alone 3 in 1997, Johansson garnered widely spread attention	attention	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Radar consisted of a FMG G (gO) " Seetakt " set; Admiral Graf Spee was the first	first	ADJ	German	ADJ	 German
The challenge concluded with a black tie dinner and auction to raise funds. Webber said he was driven to	to	PART	organise	VERB	 organise
Following Armageddon, Orton entered the 2006 Royal Rumble match as the thirtieth and final wrestler, but he was	was	AUX	eliminated	VERB	 eliminated
Viet Cong combat engineers were required to break through the wire fences which protected the U.S. facility at Camp Holloway	Holloway	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite this, Camacho was unable to close the distance to Porto, who finished 11 points ahead. The	The	DET	season	NOUN	 season
The coin's obverse was designed by Mint Chief Engraver Charles E. Barber, and the reverse by his assistant	assistant	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Krichell signed Borowy from Fordham University for $8,500 and the player later became the ace for the Yankees during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The three brightest stars, Alpha, Beta and Gamma, make up the triangle. Readily identified by its	its	PRON	orange	NOUN	 orange
" The album has since been ranked one of the best of all time by publications including Rolling Stone,	,	PUNCT	Time	PROPN	 Time
It is the second installment of the The Force Unleashed multimedia project, and the sequel to Star Wars:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The goddess Vajrayogini also appeared in this form and danced with them. Another story recalls how princess Lakshminkara,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
UB 2, UB 5, and UB 10 soon followed with patrols in the Channel. Even though none	none	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Flights of eight hours were not uncommon. One Spitfire reached Gdynia, searching for the German battleship Tirpitz.	.	PUNCT	Tactics	NOUN	 Tactics
The videos were created from video content filmed for the " Weeping Willow " episode, most of which was	was	AUX	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Instructions upon spaces depicting virtues move the player closer to The Mansion of Happiness while spaces depicting vices send the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
It intersects MD 289 (Cross Street) in the downtown area and turns north onto Washington Avenue at the	the	DET	intersection	NOUN	 intersection
During the 2006 – 07 and 2007 – 08 curling seasons, Martin and his team won an unprecedented five	five	NUM	consecutive	ADJ	 consecutive
Swanberg found the process of editing Digging for Fire more difficult than for his previous films, since there were	were	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
Romerson fought with the 5th USCC until the end of the war. Illness prevented him from continuing with his	his	PRON	regiment	NOUN	 regiment
His ship was required to make 15 knots (28 km / h; 17 mph) in still water	water	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He is the fourth (consecutive) Emperor of Japan to be a Stranger Knight. The first non Christian	Christian	ADJ	ruler	NOUN	 ruler
While Favre's importance had initially sprung from his influence with the native tribes, particularly the Choctaws, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
On one side, it shows the dynastic founder K ' inich Yax K ' uk ' Mo ' transferring	transferring	VERB	power	NOUN	 power
It carries the double tracked Asker Line between Jong and Åstad. The tunnel runs mostly through Cambrian Silurian sedimentary	sedimentary	ADJ	slate	NOUN	 slate
The building of the steel frame began in October 1930. Once completed, the construction of the brick cladding	cladding	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The pass gained much importance during the later dynasties, when the capital was set in Beijing, a mere	mere	ADJ	300	NUM	 300
Construction on the new building began in 1980. In late 1977, Koubek also completed the Camden Yards Sports	Sports	PROPN	Complex	ADJ	 Complex
In 1999, he was appointed Aurora's director of community services and organizational development, which was his last	last	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
His concerns about the state treasury proved valid: When Buckner ordered an audit of the treasurer's books in	in	ADP	1888	NUM	 1888
At The Dalles, where river passage was available to Portland, the Meeker party found a motley crowd of	of	ADP	emigrants	NOUN	 emigrants
Rapid MetroRail Gurgaon which opened in 2013, whilst linked to Delhi Metro by the Yellow Line is a separate	separate	ADJ	metro	NOUN	 metro
As an example, Pidduck discusses Anne's stay in a gated residence in Bath, where she gazes out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Cheryl catches Gilly looking at an engagement ring, which Fernando has bought for Steph. She assumes the ring	ring	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
When Tom Welling auditioned for the role he was not sure how to prepare. While waiting for his turn	turn	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A few months later, it released The 11th Hour, a documentary about global warming. The film featured	featured	VERB	50	NUM	 50
A year later, Wenger was charged for post match comments made about referee Damir Skomina, in Arsenal's	's	PART	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
Following a DB 3 bomber claimed on 7 July, Lützow was credited with four aerial victories on 10 July	July	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Outside video games, he has composed the main theme for the 2000 animated film Ah! My Goddess:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It stipulated instead that if an ecclesiastical prince converted to Protestantism, he would resign from his position rather than	than	ADP	force	VERB	 force
This decision was in part influenced by the fall of the socialist states in the Soviet Union and Eastern Bloc	Bloc	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
The dam has a crest width of 35 feet (11 m) and a base width of 1,514 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The same day, a coastal artillery battery on the Žirje Island was captured by Croatian forces, after JNA	JNA	PROPN	Senior	PROPN	 Senior
Chicago earned a general score of 7.0 during the Applicant phase, after a detailed study of the Applicant Files	Files	PROPN	received	VERB	 received
John Charles Olmsted, the stepson of Frederick Law Olmsted, spent May 1903 in Portland. The Olmsted Report	Report	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Sulfur (which borders the diatomic nonmetals), is the least metallic of the polyatomic nonmetals but even here	here	ADV	shows	VERB	 shows
Usually a little boy, he then pets the horse but his hand sticks to its neck. In some	some	DET	variations	NOUN	 variations
According to legend, any child that happens upon her ghost is pulled into the river and drowned. The	The	DET	real	ADJ	 real
For several days, Allied troops played an important part in containing the German advance on the Thermopylae position,	,	PUNCT	allowing	VERB	 allowing
It benefited from human activities during the Middle Ages as woodland was cleared, but changes in farming methods and	and	CCONJ	industrialisation	NOUN	 industrialisation
Khan said — when reminded on 27 March 1971 that he was in charge of a majority province — "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
In the 1990s, Jabba the Hutt starred in his own comic book series collectively titled Jabba the Hutt:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Shankly summarised Keegan as " the inspiration of the new team ". In Keegan's first season, 1971	1971	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The Family Guy orchestra sung and recorded a song for a sequence which showed several Quahog citizens learning and talking	talking	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Between January and March 1916, Townshend launched several attacks in an attempt to lift the siege. In sequence	sequence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
And second, it would have dulled his attack on Constantine by disentangling the potent alignment between imperial disaster,	,	PUNCT	Christianity	PROPN	 Christianity
Several weeks later, Hamels was placed on the 15 day disabled list (DL) with a mild left	left	ADJ	elbow	NOUN	 elbow
A member of an Anglo Norman noble family, he was the son of a bishop, and was educated	educated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The three pounder gun fired 3.2 pound (1.5 kg) projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 1,927 ft /	/	SYM	s	PROPN	 s
Upon ratification of the Treaty of Paris, the British Crown confirmed the French awards of arms. Between 1763	1763	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The University of Florida in Lake City was just one of the four existing institutions that were to be merged	merged	VERB	to	PART	 to
This was the first time such an artistic intervention occurred within a standard jewel case, and at first glance	glance	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
They have attracted the attention of numerous celebrities, who have become breeders and exhibitors, and purebred and partbred	partbred	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
The Mach 2 capable F 105 conducted the majority of strike bombing missions during the early years of the Vietnam	Vietnam	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
Furthermore, the derivative is a linear transformation, a different type of object from both the numerator and denominator	denominator	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Several publications included Rounds on " best albums of the decade " lists. In May 2013, on the	the	DET	tenth	ADJ	 tenth
For the first as the top seed, due to Serena Williams and Safina's withdrawal at the BNP Paribas	Paribas	PROPN	Open	PROPN	 Open
Encouraged by the UMHK, the Belgian government provided military support to Katanga and ordered its civil servants in the	the	DET	region	NOUN	 region
In Asia, the car's role is much narrower, being a high end luxury car. On 9	9	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
Additionally, Nalia Kabeer discusses the impacts of a social clause that would enforce global labor standards through international trade	trade	NOUN	agreements	NOUN	 agreements
In addition, she will feature in three upcoming biographical films — she will star as the country singer Tammy	Tammy	PROPN	Wynette	PROPN	 Wynette
In 2013 the Tax Policy Center projected total federal effective tax rates of 35.5% for the top 1%	%	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Before the performance of " Shut Up and Drive ", the back up singers run through the stage carrying	carrying	VERB	finish	NOUN	 finish
A more detailed guidebook, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Perfect Archive Series (僕たちの好きなガンダムSEED PERFECT ARCHIVE SERIES), featuring	featuring	VERB	articles	NOUN	 articles
The fruit pulp of some species, such as C. foetidissima, can be used as a soap or detergent	detergent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Topping off is a very dangerous time in handling oil, and the procedure is handled particularly carefully. Tank	Tank	NOUN	gauging	VERB	 gauging
Upon leaving a location, players enter the World Map, which can be navigated, or used to select	select	VERB	a	DET	 a
The conning tower, casemates, and gun turrets were also protected by 150 millimeter armor. Her protective deck	deck	NOUN	armor	NOUN	 armor
Other possible basal theropods, Alwalkeria from the Late Triassic Maleri Formation of India, and Teyuwasu, known from	from	ADP	very	ADV	 very
The League of Nations failed to prevent the secession of the Memel region to Germany. With League oversight,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Noting that images of the entire planet recur several times in A Space Odyssey, Jacobs writes the most dramatic	dramatic	ADJ	use	NOUN	 use
Beginning in 1934, Stalin began a campaign of political repression known as the Great Purge, during which millions	millions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly after her death, the family erected a stone seat there, from which walkers can enjoy views over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
It soon became apparent that cosmic ray intensity from the West was significantly larger than that from the East.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The interior packaging of the album also features Hunt's photography, including a kaleidoscopic collage of photographed subjects in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Morris also pointed out the outwardly flaring premaxilla (which would have given it a wide beak) and large	large	ADJ	palpebrals	NOUN	 palpebrals
The Ehoie of Mestra, for example, ultimately serves to reintroduce the family of Sisyphus, Mestra's great	great	ADJ	granduncle	NOUN	 granduncle
The statue's image was also used on the ten shilling coin produced for 1966. The 1916 1966 Survivors	Survivors	PROPN	Medal	PROPN	 Medal
Presto runs toward Alec, but instead is poked in the eye by his own hand. Presto drops his	his	PRON	hat	NOUN	 hat
By March 1944, there were some 1,500 people working at X 10. Supervised by Compton, Whitaker and	and	CCONJ	Fermi	PROPN	 Fermi
In late February 2007, Jupiter was visited by the New Horizons probe, which used Jupiter's gravity to	to	PART	increase	VERB	 increase
Marko is said to be shown here as the king chosen by God to lead his people through the crisis	crisis	NOUN	following	VERB	 following
In recent times, Tipu's Tiger has formed an essential part of museum exhibitions exploring the historical interface between	between	ADP	Eastern	ADJ	 Eastern
Buses to Niah National Park, Lambir Hills National Park, Bintulu, Sibu, Kuching, and Pontianak,	,	PUNCT	Indonesia	PROPN	 Indonesia
Mark is furious and tries to win Lexie back, but shortly after Callie is involved in a car accident	accident	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The original NY 32A in Saratoga County — which was redundant to US 4 — was supplanted at this time	time	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Dresden then joined the reconnaissance force for the High Seas Fleet; the following two years consisted of the peacetime	peacetime	NOUN	routine	NOUN	 routine
The metropolis is also the hub of many international media corporations, with many news channels and print publications having	having	VERB	a	DET	 a
The new Companion Wheel offers command execution by selecting commands that are presented in a radial menu. Game director	director	NOUN	Josh	PROPN	 Josh
As a result, the inhabitants of Soconusco were less likely to be rounded up into new reducción settlements,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Griffith, Samuel B. (1963). The Battle for Guadalcanal. Champaign, Illinois, USA: University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
West of Haman the North Koreans and US troops faced each other during the night without further battle, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
They believed that the forces leaving the city were too large for the sole task of arresting two men and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Later, when talking to his ex girlfriend Elaine, she tries to provide Jerry with a list of excuses	excuses	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Though former councillor William Harold Clark was urged to run by a group of citizens, Armstrong would be the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
The Grand Council of the Crees in Northern Quebec was particularly vocal and prominent in its resistance to the idea	idea	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Between 1878 and 1884, Ipswich Town played at two grounds in the town, Broom Hill and Brook's	's	PART	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
Einstein refused surgery, saying: " I want to go when I want. It is tasteless to prolong	prolong	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
On March 30, 1994, Yakko, Wakko, and Dot first theatrically appeared in the animated short,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Although reduced, its range remains large. Given its historical distribution, the jaguar has featured prominently in the	the	DET	mythology	NOUN	 mythology
" Jan Hooks reprised her role as Manjula in the episode. In a scene in the episode, Apu	Apu	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Most were of famous sites, including theatres, temples, and teahouses. Toyoharu's were not the first	first	ADJ	uki	PROPN	 uki
Later that day, she was transferred to Taranto, escorted by the destroyers Ascari and Carabiniere, where she	she	PRON	joined	VERB	 joined
Experiments using synthetic radio labelled forms of the polypeptide demonstrated that it was able to travel systemically through the plant	plant	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The animals were typically hunted using slingshots, with dogs, or most commonly, by placing snare traps on	on	ADP	animal	NOUN	 animal
WCLG was officially granted its broadcast license by the FCC on January 18, 1955. Throughout its existence,	,	PUNCT	WCLG	PROPN	 WCLG
Their movement became more radical, going beyond the initially purely fiscal demands. The Huttwil League considered itself a	a	DET	political	ADJ	 political
Bones thought to belong to them were discovered in 1674 when the 12th century forebuilding at the entrance to the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
In 1913, a second much larger mission hall was opened nearby, named the Walsham How Mission Hall after	after	ADP	William	PROPN	 William
The Olympic bronze medal was Dix's first medal at a major international competition. A few days later,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The host range of some bacteriophages is limited to a single strain of bacteria and they can be used to	to	PART	trace	VERB	 trace
Kelley moved back to the infield, becoming the regular first baseman in 1901. After the 1901 season,	,	PUNCT	Kelley	PROPN	 Kelley
The only two major differences between contemporary times and the early 1900s are the retreat of the glacier and the	the	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
The D ' ni language was the language presented in various games and novels of the Myst franchise, created	created	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After a promising 4 – 1 start to the season, including an upset road victory over No. 11	11	NUM	Maryland	PROPN	 Maryland
" For the 1906 edition of the book, The Illustrated London News's reviewer considered the work " a	a	DET	formidable	ADJ	 formidable
Montluc, returning to Italy, brought with him nearly a hundred volunteers from among the young noblemen of the	the	DET	court	NOUN	 court
As such, it was advertised by Cartoon Network as a " half hour special ". The episode was	was	AUX	watched	VERB	 watched
The evaporator is inside the HVAC control. Use of the air conditioning system can significantly reduce range. To	To	PART	alleviate	VERB	 alleviate
After his playing career, West was head coach of the Lakers for three years, leading Los Angeles into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are many notable graduates, non graduate former students and current students of Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech alumni	alumni	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Yancey continued to support the most radical Southern positions and is generally included as one of a group of southerners	southerners	NOUN	referred	VERB	 referred
", and as the man draws a spoon from his pocket he says: " This is a knife	knife	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With the Ordainers ready to present their programme of reform, Edward had to summon a parliament. In late	late	ADJ	July	PROPN	 July
This he deemed " one of the greatest blessings of my life. " By 1920 he was distributing £	£	SYM	47,000	NUM	47,000
The northern continent is punctuated by a series of mountain ranges and contains many of the locations accessible to the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
It may no longer be feasible to reinstate the original locks 16, 17, 18 and 19 structures for	for	ADP	this	DET	 this
The Court dwelt at length on the defendants ' claim. The Court held that: [Federal jury selectors	selectors	NOUN	]	PUNCT	]
He was assisted by his friend James Howard, with whom he developed a modified version of living mathematics,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
She is buried beside her husband in the nave of St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. Sir Henry	Henry	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The CSPI suit sought to require the company to place large heath warnings on Burger King's food packaging that	that	PRON	explained	VERB	 explained
Synonyms include names derived from generic transfers to Androsaceus by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard in 1887, and to Chamaeceras by	by	ADP	Otto	PROPN	 Otto
If no agreement exists between Bank 1 and Bank 2 to exchange check images and data, Bank 1 must	must	AUX	provide	VERB	 provide
With a record eight steals in five games, he was named MVP of the American League Championship Series;	;	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The missionaries refused to allow the unruly soldiers to remain near the missions, and when de León returned to	to	ADP	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
Debra Akins of Gospel Music Channel regarded the song as a highlight of the album. Roger Gelwicks of Jesus	Jesus	PROPN	Freak	PROPN	 Freak
However, this is not the actual intersection where the accident occurred, contrary to popular belief. The accident	accident	NOUN	scene	NOUN	 scene
" In The Speaker, A. B. Walkley admired the play and was one of few to see it as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
DMRC is also looking at raising the station walls and railings for the safety of passengers. For the convenience	convenience	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 13 December 1995, the SARL officially launched the ' Adelaide Rams ', the tenth and final team	team	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Ohlin interprets the guidelines of the ICRC to include reliance upon a military system of identification of combatants. "	"	PUNCT	Can	AUX	 Can
In Calgary, two new teams began play at Foothills Stadium. The Calgary Outlaws of the independent Canadian Baseball	Baseball	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
The game contains fifty five offensive plays and seventy one defensive plays, such as screen and play action passes	passes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He won promotion from League One in 2013 and the Championship two years later, making over 200 appearances for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The band toured the US with Exodus and Europe with Diamond Head and Dungeon. In June 2005, Capitol	Capitol	PROPN	released	VERB	 released
The JNA did not have sufficient troops in the area to secure all its facilities, but it was possible	possible	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The birds commonly move in flocks of 10 to 100 birds, but occasionally in larger groups of up to	to	PART	1,000	NUM	 1,000
" However, Noelle Howey, writing for Mother Jones, wrote that despite the critical acclaim, relatively few	few	ADJ	critics	NOUN	 critics
It was hoped that the new campaign would serve to boost sales within the UK and prompt higher brand engagement	engagement	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
' There are a thousand reasons why that wouldn't work. ' " In January 2007, the Federal	Federal	PROPN	Way	PROPN	 Way
Hydrochloric acid is used for a large number of small scale applications, such as leather processing, purification of	of	ADP	common	ADJ	 common
The military arm of the East India Company was directed during the Seven Years ' War and the Second Anglo	Anglo	PROPN	Mysore	PROPN	 Mysore
It contains " slow breaks ", that according to Jamil Ahmad of musicOMH, " wrap this record round	round	NOUN	you	PRON	 you
Intermarriages are allowed between the Karnatak Brahmans and the Deshasthas and so the classification of the Southern India Brahmans into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nansen was enthusiastic, and made arrangements through a recent acquaintance, Captain Axel Krefting, commander of the sealer	sealer	NOUN	Viking	NOUN	 Viking
Alternatively, he might also have had his own ship burial nearby. By the beginning of the 7th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There is also a possibility that he did this to protect himself from the legal ramifications of his experiment as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
However, it was not until 18 March 1968 – after production had ended – that the case against them	them	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The floor had a map of the world in mosaic. The sculpture was created by Thomas Nicholls. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" However, he rejected the idea of referring to the music as " computerized ", on the grounds	grounds	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
UK Sport considered whether to target 3rd place in the 2012 Games, which was hosted by the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Shortly thereafter, an inland tropical storm warning was issued for Pearl River, Walthall, and Pike counties in	in	ADP	Mississippi	PROPN	 Mississippi
He was officially credited with 10 ¼ aerial victories, although his score is often reported as 12, including	including	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Dom and Brian are captured and brought to crime lord Hernan Reyes, the owner of the cars and Zizi	Zizi	PROPN	's	PART	's
By early November, only Florida was not in quarantine, and Arkansas had 259 cases, with 11 deaths	deaths	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
That same year, he illustrated the pro occupation book Zóó zag Brussel de Dietsche Militanten under the pen name	name	NOUN	Kaproen	PROPN	 Kaproen
Australia comfortably won the second Test, and on his first appearance of the season, MacLaren scored 4 runs	runs	NOUN	opening	VERB	 opening
This measure was vehemently opposed by the Arab settlers of Khurasan, but according to Khalid Yahya Blankinship " it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
A review in TV Guide by Adam Mersel said "... Fey and the gang live up to the challenge	challenge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Scott / Logan version of I Am Legend was a mix of sci fi and psychological thriller, without	without	ADP	dialogue	NOUN	 dialogue
Elementary Lessons in Heat (2 ed.). Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J.B. Lippincott. p. 160.	.	PUNCT	Retrieved	VERB	 Retrieved
Developed in response to a requirement for a mobile anti aircraft (AA) vehicle, the vehicle was produced	produced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Robert Campbell replaced him. From 1886 until 1898, Sunderland's home ground was in Newcastle Road. In	In	ADP	1898	NUM	 1898
Construction of the freeway section of SR 3 began in 1963 between SR 304 in Navy Yard City and Silverdale	Silverdale	PROPN	west	NOUN	 west
Within 48 hours of its release, The Last of Us generated more than the £3 million earned by	by	ADP	Man	PROPN	 Man
Thérèse of Lisieux. Joan of Arc has remained a popular figure in literature, painting, sculpture, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
However, I thought it could be used in horror if I drew it a different way. " The	The	DET	story	NOUN	 story
Blacktip sharks from these two regions differ in morphology, coloration, and life history characteristics, and the eastern	eastern	ADJ	Atlantic	ADJ	 Atlantic
To enhance the plot twist, all the flashbacks were shot in a way that disguised the presence of a	a	DET	wheelchair	NOUN	 wheelchair
In Lille's final match before the winter break, Hazard tied his career high for league goals in a	a	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Despite Stewart's insistence to the contrary, news reports cast the rally as a spoof of Glenn Beck's	's	PART	Restoring	PROPN	 Restoring
Its origins remain obscure; the tune may have come from oral tradition, and the words may have been	been	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Sociologist Anne Cécile Bégot considered the Antoinist healing of the first decades a form of protest against (1)	)	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1967, he signed a 10 year contract with NBC for US $1 million ($7,097,000 today	today	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The buildings were located more closely together and reflected deepening religious celebration. Towers were built near kivas and likely	likely	ADV	used	VERB	 used
Writing for NPR, Ann Powers found it altogether contemplative, joyful, and mythological. Jonathan Bogart of The	The	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
The Hardy Bottling Company facility was also damaged, which released 120,000 pounds (54,500 kg) of anhydrous ammonia	ammonia	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
" Flynn thought " this whole record is like holding up a mirror to ourselves. It's talking about	about	ADP	things	NOUN	 things
The film has also been dubbed into Hindi as Indian Soldier Never on Holiday by Goldmines Telefilms. Jagadish (	(	PUNCT	Vijay	PROPN	Vijay
Although most of this decoration has since been lost, two caryatid statues can still be seen on the walls	walls	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In December 2009, Nicholas suffered serious spinal injuries in a horse riding accident. He crushed his vertebrae in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
All populations are migratory, wintering in sub Saharan Africa as far south as South Africa. Birds from central	central	ADJ	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
The war found its origins in dissatisfaction among many nobles and young samurai with the shogunate's handling of foreigners	foreigners	NOUN	following	VERB	 following
Herm's harbour is on its west coast. There are several buildings of note in the vicinity including the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
The Guardian judged Richardson " indisputably our most poetic actor ". For The Times, he " was ideally	ideally	ADV	equipped	VERB	 equipped
Henry Raeburn (1756 – 1823) was the most significant artist of the eighteenth century to pursue his entire	entire	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
This was replicated, and managed to greatly increase the amount of bugs that could be found and fixed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Appeals from cases brought in the Eastern District of Missouri are heard by the United States Court of Appeals for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
They signed to Triple Crown Records just after their second ever show. Brand New's debut studio album Your	Your	PRON	Favorite	PROPN	 Favorite
Brodie considered “ Nixon the perpetrator of an assault on her privacy. ” Although neither Bernard nor her publisher	publisher	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
On the Thursday of the British Grand Prix weekend, it was announced that Webber had agreed to a one	one	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Dooku overpowers Obi Wan and Anakin, but then Yoda arrives and engages the Count in a duel. Finding	Finding	VERB	he	PRON	 he
Both teams wound up losing in the 2005 ALDS, the Yankees to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Seven laps later, Stewart moved into eighth after passing Newman, and passed Bowyer for seventh on the 262nd	262nd	NOUN	lap	NOUN	 lap
Atkins played a more patient innings than Taylor, and scored the most runs for her side, accruing 40	40	NUM	from	ADP	 from
Like all ships of her class, Habsburg was 113.11 m (371 ft) long at the waterline and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Mr. Bean often seems unaware of basic aspects of the way the world works, and the programme usually features	features	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The tower of the historic Lyttelton Timeball Station, which sustained damage from the February 2011 earthquake, collapsed after	after	SCONJ	plans	NOUN	 plans
He played most of his MLB career for the New York Giants (1915 – 1917, 1919 – 1926	1926	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Gaelic continued to exist as a spoken language in the southern Hebrides throughout the Norse settlement period, but place	place	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
A flood control bill in 1988 involving the Auburn Dam was also defeated. In 1992 and 1996, plans	plans	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
They remained in contact after the couple left on a journey to Wales and Ireland. In April 1814,	,	PUNCT	Hogg	PROPN	 Hogg
Rødovre Town Hall, completed in 1956, shows how well Jacobsen combined the use of different materials: sandstone	sandstone	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd, Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The decision was also made with an eye on finances; Como earned around $125 per week from his	his	PRON	barber	NOUN	 barber
Is it because they're both married now? Just growing up? Whatever, it's the opposite of	of	ADP	Blair	PROPN	 Blair
Lily Rothman from Time magazine compared the video for " Team " to Miley Cyrus ' " We Can't	n't	PART	Stop	VERB	 Stop
In 2003, Frank began contributing regularly to Overlawyered, a legal weblog edited by Walter Olson that advocates tort	tort	NOUN	reform	NOUN	 reform
Of the city's population, 140,848 were enrolled in schools (39.8% in elementary school, 33.8%	%	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The IDA's stated aim is to assist the poorest nations in growing more quickly, equitably, and sustainably	sustainably	ADV	to	PART	 to
Barcelona made an indifferent start to the 2000 – 01 season and by February 2001, journalist Sid Lowe commented	commented	VERB	it	PRON	 it
He vanished into the jungles of Central India in 1819 and was killed by a tiger. On the orders	orders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the 1990 German reunification, Mölders ' grave was rebuilt and rededicated on 11 October 1991 by Mölders '	'	PART	school	NOUN	 school
Bethesda's Oblivion was released simultaneously for console and PC, but was considered a major launch title for the	the	DET	Xbox	PROPN	 Xbox
At the time of Dōsei's production, Tactics ' first game, four of Key's original staff worked	worked	VERB	on	ADP	 on
His late dates and early morning parties were the talk of several towns. " Paley ordered Stanton to fire	fire	VERB	Aubrey	PROPN	 Aubrey
It was the first time in school history that the team defeated three consecutive AP Poll top 10 opponents,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
When MacArthur was recalled from retirement in July 1941 to become commander of United States Army Forces in the Far	Far	PROPN	East	PROPN	 East
Northern Ireland, consisting of six of the 32 Irish counties which had been established as a devolved region under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rhyme does not explicitly state that the subject is an egg, possibly because it may have been originally	originally	ADV	posed	VERB	 posed
India legalised abortion through legislation in the early 1970s. However, access remains limited to cities. Less than	than	ADP	20	NUM	 20
He started drinking, and relationships between him and the rest of the band became strained, particularly with Blackmore	Blackmore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In Canada, it lives in New Brunswick and Nova Scotia but not in Quebec or Prince Edward Island.	.	PUNCT	To	ADP	 To
Raptor involves players controlling raptors to feed a baby dinosaur, while others play as cavemen that have to steal	steal	VERB	dinosaur	NOUN	 dinosaur
The 3.1 refers to 3.1% of all 18- to 49 year olds in the U.S. and the 8 refers	refers	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The FN pursued interventionist policies with regards to the new cultural complexion of their towns by directly influencing artistic events	events	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album entered the Billboard 200 at number twenty two, and was certified 4x platinum by the RIAA in	in	ADP	2001	NUM	 2001
Instead, the XLVIII Panzer Corps held a line along the Chir River, beating off successive Soviet attacks.	.	PUNCT	General	PROPN	 General
. The Star Ledger dismissed the performance, writing that " paper dolls have more depth. " The film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He suffered from chronic stomach problems as well as knock knees, for which he was forced to wear painful	painful	ADJ	corrective	ADJ	 corrective
After a stay in Jamaica, Fox's first landfall on the North American continent was at Maryland, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The best agricultural land is in the broad Tywi Valley, especially its lower reaches. With its fertile land	land	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Thomas's widow, Frances, gave Ward photographs of her husband and lent him Thomas ' uniform and	and	CCONJ	saddle	VERB	 saddle
An earthen ring at Parracombe is believed to be a Neolithic henge dating from 5000 – 4000 BC, and	and	CCONJ	Cow	PROPN	 Cow
Selected as the lead single of Wanderlust, the song was released as a standalone digital download on 21 November	November	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Fuse writer Jeff Benjamin described the song as being reminiscent of 1960s girl group The Ronettes but with a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
He said it was " most visible and aesthetically enticing after dark ", while its " unique, idiosyncratic	idiosyncratic	ADJ	form	NOUN	 form
He was promoted to First Sergeant only six weeks later, a development that Atack attributes to the fact that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The building features 270 one - three bedroom condominiums and penthouses that range between 890 square feet (83 m2	m2	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He still had no driver, and had his wagon pulled to Tenino by horses, with the oxen trailing	trailing	VERB	behind	ADV	 behind
Both the Soviet Union and the United States obtained valuable Arabian bloodlines as spoils of war, which they used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
After he was unable to get the episode pulled, he decided to go public with his concerns shortly before	before	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Then, after integration, comes an explosive expansion of the culture conquest.... Then a withering of the mother	mother	NOUN	culture	NOUN	 culture
It was an opportunity that was taken in the Second World War when the highly successful Double Cross System was	was	AUX	implemented	VERB	 implemented
Most kont storytellers work with local traditions, such as legends and history, and provide an ethical or moral	moral	ADJ	message	NOUN	 message
Mahan was built by United Dry Docks (successor to the Morse Dry Dock and Repair Company) in Staten	Staten	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
Appleby added that fundamentalism blames public schools and its associated state apparatus as both a manufacturer enemy needed to feed	feed	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Academic Tricia Jenkins, meanwhile, sees that Bond as " hyperheterosexual ", as he is " more masculine	masculine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Syndicat du Cheval de Trait Auxois (Auxois Draft Horse Association) is the national registry, managing the	the	DET	stud	PROPN	 stud
" God Help the Outcasts " was written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, both songwriters who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
And in a country where we teach our children that everyone is equal under the law, discriminating against same	same	ADJ	sex	NOUN	 sex
In central Orleans County, NY 18 meets the Lake Ontario State Parkway at the Lakeside Beach State Park.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Shearer had previously had talks about, but never been offered, a full time manager's role at Newcastle	Newcastle	PROPN	until	ADP	 until
The government had indicated that stronger military action would be implemented if the talks failed. Negotiations collapsed after the	the	DET	execution	NOUN	 execution
His first start for Trinidad was in a 3 – 0 defeat to Northern Ireland on 6 June 2004.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The lower two thirds are dominated by heavy red and white pigments; browns and whites are prominent in the	the	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
In October 2013, Michaels won a fan poll to become special guest referee for the Hell in a Cell	Cell	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
On July 9, 2002, the day after the White House Medal of Honor ceremony, Secretary of the	the	DET	Army	PROPN	 Army
, and is a scenic route from either SR 238 or SR 262 (CalTrans's designation is unclear;	;	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
However, the Half King seemed to have lost confidence in the British cause, and he and his followers	followers	NOUN	soon	ADV	 soon
I had some experience of successful mounted surprise attacks on the Boer camps in the South African war. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Jardine threatened to withdraw his team from the Fourth and Fifth Tests unless the Australian Board retracted the accusation of	of	ADP	unsporting	VERB	 unsporting
The original plan called for the use of Junkers Ju 52 transport aircraft, but the short landing capability of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 9 June, she and Guam bombarded Oki Daitō. TG 38.4 then steamed to San Pedro Bay in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Her ninth album Body Language was quite different from her musical experiments in the past as it was a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A conference in Haguenau began on 12 June 1540, but during a month's discussion the two sides failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
At the time, Kiedis was very uncomfortable with his singing voice, and felt that the new style was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Rovio complained that Microsoft had not asked permission to make such a statement, noting that at that time it	it	PRON	had	AUX	 had
That same year, the Ottoman forces took Vrana, while Nadin and Perušić fell in 1538. Months after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song was released as the first single from the remix album, Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory	HIStory	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
After obtaining the better of the two endings with Jonathan and Charlotte, the player will unlock a prologue to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shortly after its release, the album sold over 500,000 copies in its first five months, eventually selling over	over	ADP	1	NUM	 1
The player is rewarded with treasures that include magical weapons, armor items, and potions. Players can code	code	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Despite Honda alluding to running the engine at its peak performance at the Hungarian Grand Prix, the former driver	driver	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Balfe's collaborator Hans Zimmer joined him as producer in August 2013. On 27 April 2013, five months	months	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
" Khalid Mohamed of Deccan Chronicle gave the film 2.5 stars and wrote, " board Chennai Express at your	your	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
They were able to berth over 300 sailing vessels simultaneously, but by 1971 they closed, no longer able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The cyclotron's 50 ton magnet was manufactured in Trafford Park by Metropolitan Vickers, which also made the vacuum	vacuum	NOUN	chamber	NOUN	 chamber
Jake and a county prosecutor tell Keith that they will get a judge's order and will return to prosecute	prosecute	VERB	Veronica	PROPN	 Veronica
Both HDMI and DVI use TMDS to send 10 bit characters that are encoded using 8b / 10b encoding that	that	PRON	differs	VERB	 differs
In the video games, Pikachu is a low level Pokémon, which has appeared in all of the games	games	NOUN	except	SCONJ	 except
This early split between Boodontia and Aegodontia has been attributed to the continental divide between these land masses. When	When	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
On October 29, 2010, the nighttime show World of Color at Disney California Adventure Park began soft openings	openings	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Thrice posted a poll for fans to vote for which song from Beggars to use for a music video.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The struggle over land resources was one source of conflict. Large areas of the western plain were subject to	to	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
But still, the film holds, and hold us with it. " Manjusha Radhakrishnan of Gulf News rated	rated	VERB	the	DET	 the
During her time at Missouri, McClintock expanded her research on the effect of X rays on maize cytogenetics.	.	PUNCT	McClintock	PROPN	 McClintock
The antecedent might be seen in the name of an Edomite king: Ḳaus gabri or Kauš Gabr, found	found	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It received a nomination for Best Song to Dance To at the 2014 Radio Disney Music Awards, losing to	to	ADP	Selena	PROPN	 Selena
The evidence indicates the cave was occupied from at least 7280 BC to 1580 AD. Besides projectile points,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Vertu and Régénerée passed undetected into the Atlantic until they halted at the Îles de Los on 24 April.	.	PUNCT	There	ADV	 There
The panel included the experts on Islamic geometric pattern Carol Bier, Jay Bonner, Eric Broug, Hacali Necefoğlu	Necefoğlu	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Music journalist Aidin Vaziri criticized the song, stating, " [the] Black Eyed Peas rapper completely erases	erases	VERB	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
Many of the parks are located along the Niagara Escarpment, which runs from Tobermory at the tip of the	the	DET	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
His academic career was interrupted by war service during which he suffered severe wounds; after his return to Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Overpeck County Park, along the shores of Overpeck Creek, a tributary of the Hackensack River, is more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
In 1928, he founded the Voorhis School for Boys and became its headmaster. He retained the post into	into	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The Australians were behind on the first innings for the first time on the tour and the match remained in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A major benefit of biodiesel is lower carbon emissions, although the energy balance of liquid biofuels is a matter	matter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Liverpool's participation in the UEFA Champions League in the 2001 – 02 season saw the club reach the quarter	quarter	NOUN	finals	NOUN	 finals
" " Superstar " was released as a promotional single in Brazil on December 3, 2012. Readers of	of	ADP	Brazilian	ADJ	 Brazilian
Markham retired from his post in 1877, his 22 years of service entitling him to a pension. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In the eastern Pacific, hawksbills are known to occur from the Baja Peninsula in Mexico south along the coast	coast	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
After finishing Yuka, Haruka, Saki, and Kurumi's routes, the player gets access to the Izumi	Izumi	PROPN	Cure	PROPN	 Cure
The proposed definition of the second is effectively the same as the current definition, the only difference being that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
As he grows up he aspires to emulate Les ' criminal dealings. Pippa and Tom take Frank in as	as	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Czarniecki is remembered as one of the most able Polish commanders of all times. Podhorecki called him the greatest	greatest	ADJ	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
They attend a party where several people ask Sol for drugs, leaving him annoyed. Naz sells them fake	fake	ADJ	drugs	NOUN	 drugs
Stalin also recognized that with a strong civil aviation sector he could supply necessary equipment and materials to prisoners in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
These are some of the Thiele / Small parameters which can either be measured or found with the driver specifications	specifications	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Miller was the keynote speaker at the first convention of the Association for Psychological Science in 1989. He was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
In addition, there were several colonial enclaves controlled by France and Portugal. The political integration of these territories	territories	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Even with these drawbacks, Koei went on to release two expansions for Dynasty Warriors 4 Xtreme Legends and Dynasty	Dynasty	PROPN	Warriors	PROPN	 Warriors
He was serving as NGA chair at the time the Tina Conner scandal broke, and planned to resign his	his	PRON	chairmanship	NOUN	 chairmanship
Following a protest from Force India, Hülkenberg was issued a 20 second time penalty after the stewards deemed him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
Menahem ben Saruq explains that the word is derived from the Hebrew Ve ' hateif and Tatifoo, both expressions	expressions	NOUN	meaning	VERB	 meaning
Critics singled out the track the one that resonates the Wall of Sound the most. The second track,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Druckmann felt that players, specifically parents, would be able to relate to Joel's character and his bonding	bonding	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
By 1988 South Glamorgan County Council had agreed to change the design of the link road, despite having already	already	ADV	spent	VERB	 spent
The storm turned northward on September 9 and accelerated toward the northern Gulf Coast under the influence of a mid-	mid-	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Before the report could be voted on by the Assembly, Japan announced its intention to push further into China	China	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As noted by Neil McGreevy of the BBC, LocoRoco " is the best game Nintendo never made. "	"	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
" Private Paul G. Bennett, 21, of C Battery, U.S. 17th Field Artillery Regiment, 1st Infantry	Infantry	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
He was quickly asked for his ID, ordered to face the wall, and then handcuffed. Abath believed	believed	VERB	the	DET	 the
It took place from 7 – 9 August 1942 on the Solomon Islands, during the initial Allied landings in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
One notable example is Dale Pendell's work " Pharmako / Poeia — Plant Powers, Poisons, and Herbcraft	Herbcraft	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The same day, Selena and Saldívar argued by telephone; Selena hung up and told Pérez she could no	no	ADV	longer	ADV	 longer
On 10 December 1907 1,000 medical students marched through central London waving effigies of the brown dog on sticks,	,	PUNCT	clashing	VERB	 clashing
However, it appears that Yamamoto may have been more angry over the loss of one of his battleships (	(	PUNCT	Hiei	PROPN	Hiei
A waiter brought champagne to Eugenides, and Greek women started kissing him. When journalists called Eugenides, he	he	PRON	declined	VERB	 declined
Initially, he planned on taking over the family farm in Engelsdorf and following graduation attended the agriculture school in	in	ADP	Wurzen	NOUN	 Wurzen
Grüner Hockey uses the hockey rink, with their main men's team playing in the First Division. The	The	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Gwen's work begins to take a toll on her personal life in series one (2006), but	but	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Larger groups of startled guinea pigs " stampede ", running in haphazard directions as a means of confusing predators	predators	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Texas Band The Toadies covered A Forest for their 2008 album No Deliverance. This version was an iTunes exclusive	exclusive	ADJ	bonus	NOUN	 bonus
Workers from the World Health Organization and Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) provided medical assistance to residents	residents	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Like Ice T's gangsta rap albums, Body Count's material focused on various social and political issues	issues	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, 29 metastable states have been characterized. The most stable of these is 120m1Sb with a half	half	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
In 2001, the Hergé Foundation demanded the recall of the Chinese translation of the work, which had been	been	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Persians use the Anti Arab racial slur " Arabe malakh khor " (عرب ملخ خور) (Arab locust	locust	NOUN	eater	NOUN	 eater
She also thought " [Juliet has] this kind of wonderful mind, and I think that Ben probably	probably	ADV	has	VERB	 has
On the French release, The New York Times wrote that " It is the French version of Fritz Lang	Lang	PROPN	's	PART	's
It was released to Radio Disney on January 19, 2009 as promotion for Hannah Montana: The Movie and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
She knows instinctively what to do on those occasions. She doesn't rise to being heckled at all;	;	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Fusō served as a troop transport in 1943, while Yamashiro was relegated to training duty in the Inland Sea	Sea	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As the Luftwaffe meteorological centre in Paris had predicted two weeks of stormy weather, some Wehrmacht commanders were away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The working title was Captain Scarlet – The New Millennium. Produced in London by the Moving Picture Company,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Augsburg and Albatross were intercepted by a powerful Russian squadron commanded by Rear Admiral Bakhirev, consisting of three armored	armored	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Of the song R & B writer Nelson George proclaimed, " [It] became a Jackson signature similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Passengers, pedestrians, bicycles, motorcyclists and mopeds are free. As of 2011, the fees are NOK	NOK	PROPN	85	NUM	 85
In terms of concert goers, it is the busiest indoor arena in the world ahead of Madison Square Garden	Garden	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
' " That year, Roger Corman took AIP down a new road: " When they asked me to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Murdoch was seconded to the Department of Defence in January 1956 as Deputy Secretary (Military). By February	February	PROPN	1958	NUM	 1958
Local rivals Manchester United were the opposition in the semi finals. Neither side was able to score in a	a	DET	fiery	ADJ	 fiery
After the 1972 World Chess Championship, Fischer did not play a competitive game in public for nearly 20 years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Patrick also criticised Jack's personality throughout the episode, stating " we wanted a spinoff series about him	him	PRON	because	SCONJ	 because
" Jordan's new car, the EJ10B, was also introduced that weekend; the team had used their	their	PRON	primary	ADJ	 primary
Indeed, says Granger, the themes of love triumphing over death and choosing what is right instead of what	what	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Archaeoacoustics in the tell beneath the Temple of Bel indicated traces of cultic activity dated to 2300 BC. Palmyra	Palmyra	PROPN	entered	VERB	 entered
Some people, such as ones who are walking around New York or wearing Yankee emblems, have their faces	faces	NOUN	shown	VERB	 shown
In the 1984 – 85 season, he found his first team opportunities limited, being given just three starts	starts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He is the son of retired National Football League quarterback Randall Cunningham and nephew of retired NFL fullback Sam Cunningham	Cunningham	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The efficient performance of the German top detachments contrasted strikingly with that of the demoralized Russian troops. The final	final	ADJ	blow	NOUN	 blow
According to Huntford, Scott " disappears from naval records " for eight months, from mid August 1889 until	until	ADP	26	NUM	 26
Notably, the arcade hit Street Fighter II by Capcom initially skipped the Genesis, instead only being released on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Holt immediately sued, claiming breach of contract and infringement because as owner of the Best Manufacturing Company, he	he	PRON	believed	VERB	 believed
James and Doctor Li lead a team of Rivet City scientists to the memorial with intent to restart the project	project	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to the part of Maitreya, several stuntmen were needed for the episode, including doubles for Mulder	Mulder	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Stone made a handshake deal with Warner Bros. whereby the studio would get all the rights to the film and	and	CCONJ	put	VERB	 put
The earliest reliable history of P. semilanceata intoxication dates back to 1799 in London, and in the 1960s the	the	DET	mushroom	NOUN	 mushroom
After leaving the Brooklyn area, the road returns to a rural environment as it cuts through agricultural fields.	.	PUNCT	Before	ADP	 Before
His first opportunity to play organized baseball came as a student at Browning Home Mather Academy, a private school	school	NOUN	affiliated	VERB	 affiliated
She visited Greece to take footage of the route of the inaugural torch relay and the games ' original site	site	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
They note that at the same time, the Mongol Prince Punala, who had inherited his position as ruler	ruler	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As experience was gained by the Vietnamese crew members, new junior personnel reported in pairs replacing Coast Guardsmen that	that	PRON	were	AUX	 were
She died on 1 November 1973 in Herzliya, Israel and was buried in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery	Cemetery	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
After landfall, rapid weakening occurred, and when the storm entered the South China Sea on December 26,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The original soundtrack was released in physical and digital formats. Customers who purchased the physical compact disc received a	a	DET	free	ADJ	 free
The Spring 2008 volume featured student poetry, short stories, original art, and an interview with writer Andrei	Andrei	PROPN	Codrescu	PROPN	 Codrescu
A 1985 review in the book The Motion Picture Guide said, " The film tries to balance horror against	against	ADP	morality	NOUN	 morality
The back judge is positioned deep in the defensive backfield, behind the umpire. He ensures that the defensive	defensive	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
The 2012 book Rising Above the Gathering Storm by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine noted	noted	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 8 March 1797 Napoleon ordered that Zajączek should be recognized as an active brigade general of the French army	army	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is estimated that one million vehicles transit Caracas daily, causing a collapse of the transportation network. Automobiles	Automobiles	NOUN	travel	VERB	 travel
The Giants had made $49,000 in gate revenue, $50,000 in radio receipts, and $108,000 in	in	ADP	television	NOUN	 television
The skirmish took place at present day Blues Beach where a wire bridge carried the Moorefield and North Branch Turnpike	Turnpike	PROPN	across	ADP	 across
The chart in this section shows some frequent DNA damaging agents, examples of DNA lesions they cause, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Guardians of the Galaxy had the most successful August opening weekend ever and became 2014's top grossing film domestically	domestically	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
These protests were soon dispersed. Following considerable criticism for downplaying the impact of the typhoon, Prime Minister Chatichai	Chatichai	PROPN	Choonhavan	PROPN	 Choonhavan
The good run of results continued though, as they beat fifth placed Barnsley 1 – 0 at Oakwell through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
The ridge to the south rebuilt, forcing the cyclone to slow and turn to the west. Increasing wind	wind	NOUN	shear	NOUN	 shear
January is the coldest month with mean minimum temperatures between 1° C (33.8° F) and 2	2	NUM	°	NUM	°
He was recommended for the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) on 8 September. The award, promulgated in	in	ADP	The	DET	 The
A reviewer from Game Revolution noted that the game " keeps the emphasis on gameplay ", particularly appreciating the	the	DET	attention	NOUN	 attention
Leighton suggested that Druitt could have been murdered, either out of greed by his elder brother William or,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Adapted to foraging on land, they have lost the ability possessed by their wetland relatives to accurately correct for	for	ADP	light	ADJ	 light
Burtt is also credited for the voice of M O (Microbe Obliterator), as well as most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" " We R Who We R " is an uptempo dance pop song that uses a synth heavy backing	backing	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
and one of Carey's previous Christmas songs " All I Want for Christmas Is You ", titled "	"	PUNCT	Oh	INTJ	 Oh
In the province of Africa, Libyco Berber and Punic were used in inscriptions and for legends on coins during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The anger, the hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It was selected as recommended viewing by The Guardian, with the comment: " it's a fascinating look	look	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
James F. McGrath of the religious website Patheos found that " A Town Called Mercy " had strong religious themes	themes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Albert Whitlock created the film's visual special effects, while Stan Winston served as the head makeup artist.	.	PUNCT	Quincy	PROPN	 Quincy
Despite this, all were busy with prior commitments to pursue music: Owen still in high school, Cook	Cook	PROPN	working	VERB	 working
When " Everybody " became a dance hit, Sire Records decided to follow up with an album for her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
At that time, she was the only woman to be given recognition publicly in Hyderabad State. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some boxes contain a Witch Doctor's Mask, which shields Crash from one enemy's attack while it is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Henson was consecrated bishop in Westminster Abbey on 4 February 1918 by Davidson, assisted by twelve supporting bishops.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Following the episode's broadcast, as well as the home video release of thirteenth season of The Simpsons,	,	PUNCT	“	PUNCT	 “
Two children at a time were brought into the laboratory and shown an episode on a television monitor and a	a	DET	slide	NOUN	 slide
Another writer whose first story appeared in Unknown was James H. Schmitz, whose " Greenface " appeared in the	the	DET	August	PROPN	 August
In the 1960s, PA 997 was rerouted to bypass Scotland to the northeast, with the former alignment now	now	ADV	unnumbered	VERB	 unnumbered
Mosley also commented on the weight issue surrounding Schumacher saying that " it is a pity that it became a	a	DET	matter	NOUN	 matter
Going inside the room, Mulder reports to Scully that Fellig died of a single gunshot wound, while the	the	DET	doctors	NOUN	 doctors
In 1992, FIDE canceled these exceptions and restored the fifty move rule to its original standing. Thus a	a	DET	tablebase	NOUN	 tablebase
Northumbria had been united with the West Saxon English kingdom only in the 950s, by King Eadred, and	and	CCONJ	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
Numerous officers and non commissioned officers attempted to get the men back into line, but they would not follow	follow	VERB	these	DET	 these
The Proclamation aimed to divert colonial expansion to the north (to Nova Scotia) and to the south (	(	PUNCT	Florida	PROPN	Florida
With much of the pre canal trade and communications between Britain and India passing through the Ottoman Empire, Britain	Britain	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The bearded seal, on the other hand, can be nearly the same size as the bear itself,	,	PUNCT	averaging	VERB	 averaging
The book continues with accounts of his family's history, starting with his paternal grandparents in their home village	village	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In a war of nerves between the IRA leadership and the British government, with McKenna lapsing in and out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Shinnok sees this as an opportunity to covertly monitor the events unfolding in Earthrealm and so he allows her to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
In the second innings, McCool did the bulk of the damage, taking four of the five first wickets	wickets	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
The Blues challenged for the league title for most of the season, but ultimately had to settle for the	the	DET	runners	NOUN	 runners
There isn't anything there to report. " As a federal judge, she is entitled to a pension	pension	NOUN	equal	ADJ	 equal
Subsequent systems could change states based upon the presence of control strands, allowing multiple devices to be independently operated	operated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Retrieved June 23, 2013. Ox Team Days on the Oregon Trail. Pioneer life series. Revised and	and	CCONJ	edited	VERB	 edited
The rear window is similar to that of the Ferrari 512S, the side vents are similar to the Ferrari	Ferrari	PROPN	330	NUM	 330
The l ' Cie are not explicitly told their Focus, but are instead given visions that they must interpret	interpret	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The check was so vicious that Bailey was given the last rites before being transported to the hospital in Boston	Boston	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They include the surf movies of the early 1960s. In 1960, Brian Hyland's song " Itsy Bitsy	Bitsy	PROPN	Teenie	PROPN	 Teenie
Having presented their demands they returned below decks and resumed the usual shipboard routine as much as they could.	.	PUNCT	Alarmed	VERB	 Alarmed
In response to criticism from Western fans regarding Vaan's design executive producer Akitoshi Kawazu noted that while several members	members	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The episode was viewed by 8.4 million viewers, and retained 88 percent of its lead in My Name Is	Is	AUX	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
" CAB inspectors had inspected units at a Teterboro, New Jersey, Bendix Corporation plant and discovered workers using	using	VERB	tweezers	NOUN	 tweezers
It manages to re establish the original timeline. Max and Chloe continue their investigation and obtain clues that lead	lead	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Permanent disability is thought to occur in 10% of mild injuries, 66% of moderate injuries, and	and	CCONJ	100	NUM	 100
" The United Nations community celebrated Prince Sadruddin's life at a memorial ceremony held in his honour at its	its	PRON	headquarters	NOUN	 headquarters
" Jean and Reiss served as show runners until the end of the fourth season in 1993. Since the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
The same year, Aivazovsky was invited to Constantinople by Sultan Abdülaziz who subsequently bestowed upon him the Turkish Order	Order	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The greatest decline in bats was on Utula ' aina Island at 95.7%; A ' a Island sustained	sustained	VERB	a	DET	 a
4: Bob Dylan Live 1966, The " Royal Albert Hall " Concert (recorded May 17, 1966	1966	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
Throughout the duration of the match, Bearer was locked on a chair inside a glass crypt with the pump	pump	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Disposing of Arthur's body on his boat afterwards, Dexter comes to realize that his love for his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
Arnold was injured early in the attack, and Morgan led the assault in his place before he became trapped	trapped	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A chain driven Case was the first gasoline power buggy driven in Paynton by Eddie Langier followed by Alex McKay	McKay	PROPN	's	PART	's
The video earned Brown and Taberez a nomination for Video Director of the Year at the 2012 BET Awards.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
These processes, which include alterations in cerebral blood flow and the pressure within the skull, contribute substantially to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bart is visited by Ermon Millwood, whose company makes films out of web cartoon series. Millwood offers Bart	Bart	PROPN	a	DET	 a
On 39, Compton aimed a hard cut shot from Johnston's bowling, which flew into Lindwall's left	left	ADJ	hand	NOUN	 hand
The success of these shows provided a valuable source of revenue, and complemented the efforts of volunteers, so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The latter song was promoted by Giant's parent company, Warner Bros. Records Nashville, as Giant had closed	closed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Actors playing two of the crewmen who died on screen later appeared in other episodes of Star Trek. Michael	Michael	PROPN	Zaslow	PROPN	 Zaslow
Such evil can be created by a person's hatred and pride. Poe imitates many traditional " Germanic "	"	PUNCT	elements	NOUN	 elements
Later, talking with Isaac, Hazel learns that Augustus had asked Van Houten to help him write a eulogy	eulogy	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The towns of the Transvaal were becoming increasingly British in character as immigration and trade gathered apace, and the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
The construction removed a gap filled by the canal between the two stations — filling up the canal in the	the	DET	process	NOUN	 process
The poem deals with Harun al Rashid and a group of sorcerers at Domdaniel that live under the sea.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
You can not ignore her contribution to the music video art form. " Tim Sendra from Allmusic gave the	the	DET	DVD	NOUN	 DVD
Engle commented that it was " not a pastiche or nostalgia exercise as much as modern SF with the entertainment	entertainment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pamela Rasmussen is married to Dr Michael D. Gottfried, who is Curator of Paleontology, Associate Professor of Geology	Geology	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The official website launched in May 2011, introducing a viral marketing campaign similar to the one used to	to	PART	promote	VERB	 promote
Galvanization is used on chain link fencing, guard rails, suspension bridges, lightposts, metal roofs, heat	heat	NOUN	exchangers	NOUN	 exchangers
Six months later, a race of villainous robots known as the Metarex attempt to steal the Emeralds from Sonic	Sonic	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was the sixteenth roller coaster built at the park since the Blue Streak in 1964. When built in	in	ADP	2003	NUM	 2003
" A BBC Music critic, however, called it " upbeat but not particularly tuneful ". According to	to	ADP	research	NOUN	 research
However, with Cherbourg's seizure by Collins ' VII Corps on 27 June, Montgomery's initial timetable was	was	AUX	soon	ADV	 soon
Warner reportedly accused Rossen of incorporating Communist propaganda in scripts and claimed this was why he had fired him,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
Parks later said when she did not get up and move to the rear of the bus, " I	I	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
After scoring 66 times in 112 games for Basingstoke Town, he moved to the Conference National outfit Stevenage on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although most of the damage to homes consisted of shingle damage, several homes lost gutters and had portions of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In union with Lord Shiva, she creates and destroys worlds. Her appearance also takes a different turn,	,	PUNCT	befitting	VERB	 befitting
In 1801 Yusuf Karamanli of Tripoli, dissatisfied with the amount of tribute in comparison to that paid to Algiers	Algiers	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An area business would purchase a horse statue and a local artist paints on it. Two of the Amarillo	Amarillo	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
Inland, the system produced heavy rainfall over North Carolina, peaking at 14.8 inches (380 mm) in	in	ADP	Rockingham	PROPN	 Rockingham
Accordingly, in Róna Tas's view, Árpád succeeded Levedi as sacred ruler or kende, which enabled his	his	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
Bill Panzer said that Tessa became popular with the program's audience. Rob Lineberger called Tessa "... beautiful	beautiful	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
– to be available. The review also recommended the development of shorter looped walks off the Wicklow Way and	and	CCONJ	improving	VERB	 improving
This combination became his main electric guitar recording setup for subsequent albums. Although intended as a demo recording,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Wright only paid sanctioning fees for the WBC belt, while Taylor paid fees to the WBC and WBO.	.	PUNCT	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
The balustrade on the roof of the Robillon wing is broken by heavy segmental pediments adorned with reclining statuary figures	figures	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Fey said that Lasit " really outdid himself ", and noted that Reubens was kneeling in the wheelchair in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Saito asked to develop a second, the business refused because it was not a video game company.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The following year, Felt Mountain was shortlisted for the Mercury Prize, an annual music prize awarded for the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
Legally free people of color, Eston Hemings and his family moved to Madison, Wisconsin to be further away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Precise measurements of glacial areas started with the Vaux family and A.O. Wheeler in the 1900s. Modern measurements using	using	VERB	satellite	NOUN	 satellite
Boyd spent 30 months writing the novel. The journal style, with its gaps, false starts and contradictions	contradictions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Costa made his debut under an assumed name; his father still had hopes of him becoming an opera singer	singer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Known only from a lower jaw and some teeth, it was a relative of the tiger quoll. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The second Sikorsky was bought from Helilift in March 1978 and also operated by Offshore Helicopters. Helikopter Service merged	merged	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Despite this, 7 Eleven reported that many of its Indian employees have reacted positively to the idea, although	although	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The first day of term coincided with the 1926 General Strike in Britain, but he was so determined to	to	PART	attend	VERB	 attend
After returning from a foreign voyage to seek aid with the deadly plague ravaging the city, Corvo Attano travels	travels	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Of those athletes, Avard Moncur and Ramon Miller participated only in the qualification round alongside Michael Mathieu and Andrae	Andrae	PROPN	Williams	PROPN	 Williams
Major bays, peninsulas, river systems and mountain ranges are typically oriented southwest to northeast, parallel to the	the	DET	Appalachians	PROPN	 Appalachians
Jim DeRogatis of the Chicago Sun Times criticized " Mmm Papi " as the " most disturbing [song]	]	X	of	ADP	 of
The novel also won an Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Platinum Award for one of the best books, who claimed it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He was discharged from the army on 4 December 1915, and was eligible for the Silver War Badge to	to	PART	show	VERB	 show
To the south of the canal is the old city, one of the few English cities which retains nearly	nearly	ADV	all	PRON	 all
His departure from Boston was delayed by militia recruiting issues and the need to deal with the aftermath of a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
It stars Leonard Rossiter, Tony Vogel, Suzanne Neve and Brian Cox. It was directed by Michael Elliott	Elliott	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In its early years as the Little Room, the group was described as " an exclusive organization consisting of	of	ADP	creative	ADJ	 creative
As a pair of World War II Spitfire aircraft had been booked to fly over the crowd during their entrance	entrance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Epiphone Casino Gibson ES 355 Vintage Model – Since 2001, this has become Gallagher's main stage guitar.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the 1937 – 38 refit a HACS Mark III director replaced the Mk I in the spotting top and	and	CCONJ	another	PRON	 another
However, despite Muluzi's efforts, HIV prevalence was already significantly influencing national agricultural productivity during this period,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
An extensive demobilisation plan was then developed by an inter service committee following further consultation with trade unions, employers	employers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite Azaria mounting a campaign on Twitter to save it, the series was canceled after four episodes due to	to	ADP	low	ADJ	 low
Of these, " The Miracle of the Lily " has been reprinted the most and praised by many critics	critics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As General Barnard would say in a December 24, 1862 report, " It is seldom necessary to keep	keep	VERB	these	DET	 these
Prior to his son's presidency, he was known simply as George Bush or President Bush. Bush was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
The Nyethang Drolma Temple is southwest of Lhasa, 36 kilometres (22 mi) from the county seat and	and	CCONJ	33	NUM	 33
Dysley's ultimate goal is summon back the Maker, a term for a creator god associated with Bhunivelze who	who	PRON	created	VERB	 created
The Trilogy went through many translations; With Fire and Sword saw at least 26 in his lifetime. Quo	Quo	PROPN	Vadis	PROPN	 Vadis
The second level is set in the Sea of Azov: the player must battle the elements of the Black	Black	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
Working in secret while the rest of the staff finished the remaining Oswalds on contract, Disney and his head	head	NOUN	animator	NOUN	 animator
As in Britain, some Southern Rhodesian women during the war presented men not wearing military uniform with white feathers	feathers	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In fact, many commentators cite the Pantheon as an example of the revolutionary possibilities for monolithic architecture provided by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Elias is considered a cornerstone in modern Arabic poetry in Lebanon and one of the greatest Arab poets; he	he	PRON	is	AUX	 is
During World War I he served in several staff roles and later headed the First Australian Imperial Force's (	(	PUNCT	AIF	PROPN	AIF
The angular cells form pyramidal warts on the outer surface. The medullary excipulum (the inner fleshy layer of	of	ADP	tissue	NOUN	 tissue
The group often shared the same sparse living conditions and K rations as the troops. Cooper met with the	the	DET	servicemen	NOUN	 servicemen
The primary naval opponent for the duration of the war was the Austro Hungarian Navy; the Naval Chief of	of	ADP	Staff	PROPN	 Staff
These treatments also appear to be a useful adjunct to lithotripsy. Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
During the design process, there were many weight increases due to growth in the size of the citadel,	,	PUNCT	armor	PROPN	 armor
Some scholars identify Halfdan Ragnarsson as another brother. This identification is contingent upon Ímar being identical to Ivar the	the	DET	Boneless	PROPN	 Boneless
The distance to M87 has been estimated using several independent techniques. These include measuring the luminosity of planetary nebulae	nebulae	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
On September 16, 2007, Favre and the Packers defeated the New York Giants to give Favre his record	record	NOUN	setting	VERB	 setting
The most significant effects were in Veracruz where hundreds of homes were inundated. Record breaking rains in Mexico City	City	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
While David West also offers a defense of the use of " his, " his reasoning differs greatly from	from	ADP	Booth	PROPN	 Booth
It later produced sporadic rainfall in the southwestern United States, leading to some traffic accidents. In addition to	to	ADP	Isis	PROPN	 Isis
The last 747 combi flight was conducted on January 5, 2015 as BR868 from Hong Kong to Taipei,	,	PUNCT	ending	VERB	 ending
In 2002, the city of Nijmegen, Netherlands, named a street after her, the Nina Simone straat	straat	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
In 1885 and 1886 the Canterbury Acclimatization Society brought in 442 queens, of which 93 survived and quickly multiplied	multiplied	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In school he began to compose anthems and songs. In 1856, he received the first Mendelssohn Scholarship and	and	CCONJ	studied	VERB	 studied
By late 1991, the group had invested more money into production than was covered by returns. They decided	decided	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Ashlawn is listed under the National Register of Historic Places as an example of Georgian architecture and locally important for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1980. The names not	not	PART	retired	VERB	 retired
They are the highest clouds discovered over the surface of a planet. Like noctilucent clouds on Earth, they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
A small weir made of boulders was built at the base of the ladder, creating a 9 inch (	(	PUNCT	20	NUM	20
White worked hard to increase the circulation despite Cohen's lack of support, but met with limited success.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
For example, the verbal form tzahtzi means " he / she / it shouts ", and with the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Madge, using the limited flying skills taught to her by Reg, directs the walker to the lighthouse and	and	CCONJ	safely	ADV	 safely
By 1793, two further mills were added for printing and bleaching. The Strutts estimated that by 1789 they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Jim and Pam marry and have a baby named Cecelia Marie Halpert. Meanwhile, Andy and Erin develop mutual	mutual	ADJ	interest	NOUN	 interest
The pipe roll for 1155 – 1156 has several entries which declare that Nigel was making decisions about monetary affairs	affairs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This included about 180 casualties it suffered during the First Battle of Naktong Bulge the previous month. American forces	forces	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
She finally achieved her aim of full adult female suffrage in 1928, and along the way she alleviated some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Another wave of demonstrations occurred on August 31, 1982, on the first anniversary of the Gdańsk Agreement (	(	PUNCT	see	VERB	see
The song was additionally sung on the fifth season of the UK TV show The X Factor, by the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
The residents may have been further dismayed by the failure of the Afghan president, Hamid Karzai, to address	address	VERB	the	DET	 the
Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Virginia also granted him citizenship. Through the next years, Lafayette made his house	house	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This would be followed up by supporting infantry who would try and use the holes to gain entry to the	the	DET	houses	NOUN	 houses
Smith was encouraged to restart her mainstream career in 1985 with a new recording contract to Epic Records. The	The	DET	label	NOUN	 label
The second floor of the monastery on the west called the Zelre Lhakhang provided an overview of the main Hayagriva	Hayagriva	PROPN	image	NOUN	 image
The first section between Cawthra Road and Highway 401 was opened August 18, 1980. This was followed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Brown was brought up there with his elder brother John and younger brother Andrew Brown in a manse. In	In	ADP	common	ADJ	 common
Fears are drowned, let open in the sky and finally at the mercy of raging bulls ", he	he	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The first division of the county occurred in 1814 when the northern portion of the county was separated to become	become	VERB	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Albrecht established a career high with 6 assists as Michigan defeated Houston Baptist by 54 points on December 7,	,	PUNCT	2013	NUM	 2013
Leicester's first ever Football League game was a 4 – 3 defeat at Grimsby Town, with a first	first	ADJ	League	PROPN	 League
The Javan rhinoceros does not appear to often use its horn for fighting, but instead uses it to scrape	scrape	VERB	mud	NOUN	 mud
A historian of the Queen's Hall, Robert Elkin, writes, " At this period the standard of	of	ADP	orchestral	ADJ	 orchestral
" On approaching rape and trauma in the series, Rosenberg wanted to avoid actually showing rape, which she	she	PRON	called	VERB	 called
The song served as a revenge song against " that type of evil, materialistic woman. " " Funky	Funky	PROPN	Crime	PROPN	 Crime
They are most commonly between six and nine individuals in size but can have more than twenty. Unlike orcas	orcas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The bacterium produces proteins that, when ingested, kill lepidopteran caterpillars. The gene encoding for these highly toxic	toxic	ADJ	proteins	NOUN	 proteins
The community of Orthodox Jews in Oak Park wanted the freeway to pass to the north of their suburb.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
He started the next league match, against Coventry City, but was shown a red card late on in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The building is a popular sightseeing attraction and location for shooting movies, and its owners and management have won	won	VERB	awards	NOUN	 awards
The exception being Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods and Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ' F ' released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After traveling the world for several years to seek the means to fight injustice, he returns to Gotham.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
" She added, " My mom called me and I was very depressed. I was on tour and	and	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Nevelson's distinct and eccentric image has been documented by photographers such as Robert Mapplethorpe, Richard Avedon, Hans	Hans	PROPN	Namuth	PROPN	 Namuth
China's leading athlete was Zhu Xiaolin, who despite being an established marathon runner had less experience over the	the	DET	half	ADJ	 half
Amenartas – an ancient Egyptian priestess and ancestress of the Vincey family. As a priestess of Isis, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
John Balliol was pronounced king in the Great Hall of Berwick Castle on 17 November 1292 and inaugurated at Scone	Scone	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
" The songs employ a wide variety of samples, including from older blues and gospel recordings. " Love	Love	NOUN	Is	AUX	 Is
Flooding from the breaches put the majority of the city under water for days, in many places for weeks	weeks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Palpatine issues an order for the clone troopers to kill their Jedi commanders and dispatches Vader and a legion of	of	ADP	clones	NOUN	 clones
Jews constituted close to one half of Vilnius's population, according to the German census of 1916, and	and	CCONJ	many	ADJ	 many
Sinatra's last major film role was opposite Faye Dunaway in Brian G. Hutton's The First Deadly Sin (	(	PUNCT	1980	NUM	1980
Excited and yet overwhelmed by what they viewed as a dramatic increase in human knowledge, encyclopedists of the era	era	NOUN	aimed	VERB	 aimed
Bajar dengan Djiwa follows the interactions of several groups of people. Husband and wife Basuki (Zonder) and	and	CCONJ	Suryati	PROPN	 Suryati
On lap 17, Massa and Hamilton were given drive through penalties, Massa for colliding with Hamilton and Hamilton	Hamilton	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
By 1855 there five services a day over the 43 1 ⁄ 4 mile (69.6 km) long line	line	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The husband probably had day to day control of the property and administered it, but was responsible for the	the	DET	management	NOUN	 management
Originally, Victorian style townhomes occupied the triangular area bounded by K Street NW, New York Avenue NW,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the meantime, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 1 August 1935. In 1935, Somervell was	was	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
In the end, both galleys succeeded in reaching the safety of Niewpoort. Another galley managed to evade the	the	DET	Dutch	ADJ	 Dutch
In 2014, it was estimated that the population of Stephens City had risen to 1,921. Founded by Peter	Peter	PROPN	Stephens	PROPN	 Stephens
Sumaji's defence initially prepared a legal case for wrongful imprisonment, but the driver chose not to pursue it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Fownes Luttrell died in 1780, and his eldest son succeeded to his estates. Henry Fownes was born about	about	ADP	1722	NUM	 1722
The geographic location as a link between the two regions has characterised the relationship " between the people of Pakistan	Pakistan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Hardys earned a rematch at Vengeance: Night of Champions but were defeated. In the midst of feuding	feuding	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Some people reported intense shaking that lasted for 15 to 30 seconds; tremors were felt as far south as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Discovered in 1655 by the Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens, Titan was the first known moon of Saturn, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Wind gusts peaked at 59 mph (95 km / h) causing several hundred trees to uproot or snap	snap	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In the 1970s, the World Hockey Association sought to challenge for the Cup – the Trustees denied them the	the	DET	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
The earliest demonstrations of DNA polyhedra were very work intensive, requiring multiple ligations and solid phase synthesis steps to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
" She added that during the three months when Morisi worked for her in late 1857, the servant had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Devlet, aware of his impending defeat, abdicated and fled to Constantinople. Şahin was installed as a puppet	puppet	NOUN	Khan	PROPN	 Khan
An analogue controller, known as the Saturn 3D controller, was designed alongside the game and was included with	with	ADP	some	DET	 some
Commercial U.S. production began in January 2013, at Nissan's manufacturing facility in Smyrna, Tennessee. This plant	plant	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The shell hood over the doorway (which Pevsner and Casson both called " beautiful ") was added at	at	ADP	some	DET	 some
At this point, US 9 Truck heads south along US 113 / DE 404 Truck to bypass Georgetown to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Equivalently, f is both one to one (injective) and onto (surjective). If there exists	exists	VERB	an	DET	 an
Larry Geller from The Advocate gave a positive review, saying that " Who's That Girl will be the	the	DET	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
Unlike Katanga, however, South Kasai's secession did not explicitly mean the rejection of its position within the	the	DET	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
And we weren't trying to depress people, hell, they were living it, they already knew but	but	CCONJ	we	PRON	 we
Author Margaret Kohn recommended Free Speech, " The People's Darling Privilege " as a resource, " for	for	ADP	extensive	ADJ	 extensive
Biggs played in two more internationals for Wales, both in the 1894 Championship and both resulted in losses.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Arabs, however, indignantly refused to hear him and hurled abuses at him. As H.A.R. Gibb writes	writes	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The director, Roy Ward Baker, was chosen because of his experience with technically demanding productions such as A	A	PROPN	Night	PROPN	 Night
All of the Beatles wrote many letters to Kirchherr: " I only have a couple from George [Harrison	Harrison	PROPN	]	PUNCT	]
According to Kempers, " [t] here is no clear consensus on how much the tribes gained or	or	CCONJ	lost	VERB	 lost
The pump operated until 1951, by which time the local drainage system had been linked into King's Sedgemoor	Sedgemoor	PROPN	Drain	PROPN	 Drain
However, on the next day, an Advanced Scatterometer (ASCAT) pass revealed that the circulation center had	had	AUX	become	VERB	 become
While State Street continued north toward the Delaware State Capitol, US 113 Alternate joined US 13 in a concurrency	concurrency	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In topology, mathematicians study the properties of objects that remain invariant even under deformation, properties such as their	their	PRON	connectedness	NOUN	 connectedness
Journalists criticized the Rangers for promoting Clyde too soon, and after an uneventful 1974 campaign, he developed shoulder	shoulder	NOUN	trouble	NOUN	 trouble
On the same song he reveals his opinion of the pro choice debate: ' I believe a woman's	's	PART	temple	NOUN	 temple
GSA reported in June 2012 that Constitution Center held too little space to house the entire FTC, and it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The stubborn Christians were given the most menial tasks, and made to work in the paddy fields. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
A Vancouver official told The Oregonian that it was " the ultimate in bicycle stations ", and would be	be	AUX	natural	ADJ	 natural
" After the episode was complete, Fleder said he and Zakrzewski settled their differences and were both happy with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since 1995, there have been over fifty documented disease cases in North America and Europe, of which only	only	ADV	nine	NUM	 nine
Shi (simplified Chinese: 诗; traditional Chinese: 詩; pinyin: shī; Wade – Giles:	:	PUNCT	shih	PROPN	 shih
Until 1991, A. viridimontanum was grouped with the western maidenhair fern, A. aleuticum, which grows both in	in	ADP	western	ADJ	 western
Debierne, who is now considered by the vast majority of historians as the discoverer, lost interest in the	the	DET	element	NOUN	 element
Many towns such as Punta Gorda and Port Charlotte were leveled by the hurricane. Trees were downed and trailer	trailer	NOUN	parks	NOUN	 parks
Wilde argued that only rabid fans of the themes incorporated in Project Sylpheed would be interested in the game.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
On March 14, 2009, he recorded his first multi point (two assists) game in an 8	8	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Winston Churchill thought him maimed by her death, and later said of her " she was a remarkable woman	woman	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In December 2012, TV Guide named Quinn's cover one of Glee's worst performances. Blair Baldwin of	of	ADP	Zap2it	PROPN	 Zap2it
Volin lamented that the almost six month gap between the February Revolution and the launch of Golos Truda in Russia	Russia	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Before the decision to keep the Sky Cabin at Knott's Berry Farm and to place its WindSeeker elsewhere,	,	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
Nearby the town is the 130 hectare (320 acre) Lobster Rivulet Forest Reserve, which contains a series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The fire caused an estimated $20 million in damage, and killed ten store employees. The store was	was	AUX	closed	VERB	 closed
and Kalifornia). In addition, Pitt had a much publicized romance and engagement to his Seven co star	star	NOUN	Gwyneth	PROPN	 Gwyneth
The passionate vigour with which Asturias evokes the terror and distrust which poisoned the social atmosphere of the time makes	makes	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" (There is in fact a " Museum of Vaginal Imagination " in Rotterdam in the Netherlands.)	)	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
While lighter weight classes are regularly ignored in wrestling promotions in the United States, with most emphasis placed on	on	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
1929), when he claimed, " It is in the Lucy poems that the notion of spirit of	of	ADP	place	NOUN	 place
The figure of seven million within and one million outside the Roman world in the mid first century became widely	widely	ADV	accepted	VERB	 accepted
After bending northward, the road enters rural areas, while following the course of a small, man made	made	VERB	drainage	NOUN	 drainage
The school took the name Auburn Female College, despite admitting both boys and girls. Through the 1870s the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
Stage 4: Dissemination of tumor to distant lymph nodes, bone marrow, bone, liver, or other	other	ADJ	organs	NOUN	 organs
Extensive studies of such a fort at Finavon Hill near Forfar in Angus, suggest dates for the destruction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
New wave bands tended to be less hostile toward progressive rock than were the punks, and there were crossovers	crossovers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1921, Sheffield Corporation built a coal fired power station on spare land at the south west corner of	of	ADP	Blackburn	PROPN	 Blackburn
In 1864, the overcrowded school began accepting female students only. To ensure the seminary's long term survival	survival	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Michael Jan Friedman was later engaged to expand the work but it went unpublished. The God Thing has been	been	AUX	compared	VERB	 compared
Engaging the lead ship, HMS Monarch under Captain Richard Lee, Soleil ordered his frigates to target her rigging	rigging	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He has been the manager of Arsenal since 1996, where he has since become the club's longest serving	serving	VERB	manager	NOUN	 manager
" Sean Connery, Michael G. Wilson, Barbara Broccoli, Timothy Dalton and Daniel Craig also consider this their	their	PRON	favourite	ADJ	 favourite
He ordered that " the wives and sons and all the property of all those who had followed " his	his	PRON	nephew	NOUN	 nephew
In June 1816, a constitutional convention was held and a state government was formed. The territory was dissolved	dissolved	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The song received mostly positive reviews from music critics, with many of them complimenting the Motown influences and production	production	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Emanuel Lasker answered these criticisms by creating an even more impressive playing record. Before World War I broke out	out	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Overall the main threat to this species is the potential for a widespread disease epidemic. Although frogs have lungs	lungs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These communal latrines may have up to 100 droppings in them. The quoll is a mostly solitary creature,	,	PUNCT	limiting	VERB	 limiting
As of August 25, 2007, the album has sold 1,169,697 copies in the U.S. " Welcome to the	the	DET	Black	PROPN	 Black
The scene at the beginning of the episode, in which the people of Springfield mob the Kwik E Mart	Mart	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the beginning of the enterprise, reactions were generally positive. The Public Advertiser wrote on 6 May 1789	1789	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
The only song performed at the concert that does not appear in the remastered film is " I Fall Down	Down	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Vignettes in this vein include " people talking about everything from love, art, war, the state of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The commitment was, as Adams put it, " independence itself ". A Committee of Five was charged	charged	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Newell had Washington watch tapes of Paul Silas, who was a rebounding forward for the Boston Celtics, and	and	CCONJ	convinced	VERB	 convinced
The Gilbert unions were exempt from the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 but disbanded in 1862 and after that Middleton	Middleton	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
The episode was also submitted in the " Outstanding Comedy Series " category although ultimately it was not nominated.	.	PUNCT	Springfield	PROPN	 Springfield
" He was also critical of her reinterpretation of Lady Macbeth in 1955, saying that her performance was insubstantial	insubstantial	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Meanwhile, Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) accidentally outs her cousin, Randy (Jeffery Self) to his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
Process philosophy is even more difficult to pin down than process theology. In practice, the two fields can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
The dimensions of a Book of the Dead could vary widely; the longest is 40 m long while some	some	PRON	are	AUX	 are
MD 32 starts as a pair of two lane flyover ramps that split west from northbound I 97 and join	join	VERB	southbound	ADV	 southbound
In January 1944, No. 77 Squadron took part in the two largest raids mounted by the RAAF to	to	ADP	that	DET	 that
However, Swiss mercenaries from individual cantons of the federation continued to participate in the Italian Wars well beyond (	(	PUNCT	until	ADP	until
On the march which would lead to San Jacinto, moving the heavy artillery across rain soaked terrain slowed down	down	ADP	the	DET	 the
As Williams saw similarities between Jaws and pirate movies, at other points in the score he evoked " pirate	pirate	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
Campione and Evans interpreted these results as strongly suggesting that the shape of Edmontosaurus skulls changed dramatically as they grew	grew	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The precise date of Mindaugas ' baptism is not known. His wife, two sons, and members of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He re signed for Corby Town on 9 June 2015 following their promotion into the National League North. Having	Having	AUX	made	VERB	 made
It reached number eighty eight on the US Pop 100 chart. The song also received heavy rotation from the	the	DET	urban	ADJ	 urban
Environmental data from the area around the White Horse Stone supports the idea that the area was still largely forested	forested	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The " Volume 1 " DVD release features bonus material including " Bubble Burst Trivia " for " Friend or	or	CCONJ	Foe	PROPN	 Foe
Just 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) north of Bladworth are the Black & Silver Lakes waterfowl nesting areas.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
To promote the album, the band launched a viral campaign based around a Big Brother type organization named "	"	PUNCT	Citizens	PROPN	 Citizens
While providing a moderately positive review that praised Valve's product stability, Fredrik Åslund from the Swedish division of	of	ADP	Gamereactor	PROPN	 Gamereactor
This is different from other field theories such as electromagnetism, which do not have any friction or resistivity at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
A jury of French composers and playwrights including Daniel Auber, Fromental Halévy, Ambroise Thomas, Charles Gounod and	and	CCONJ	Eugène	PROPN	 Eugène
Finally, the last gate of the Golden Horn wall was the Gate of Eugenius (Πόρτα τοῦ Ἐυγενίου,	,	PUNCT	Porta	PROPN	 Porta
While the Eighth Army was advancing, the PVA 13th Army was hiding in the mountains with the 50th and	and	CCONJ	66th	ADJ	 66th
" Director Michael Rymer, who helmed " Revelations, " and Nankin agreed that all Earth sequences should be	be	AUX	reminiscent	ADJ	 reminiscent
Jill and Parker reach the ship's antenna to request evacuation, but learn that a satellite attack on the	the	DET	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
This emblem occupied the shield of the royal coat of arms of the ancient Kingdom of Scotland which, together	together	ADV	with	ADP	 with
In a three candidate primary race for the Democratic nomination, Ferraro faced two better known rivals, the party	party	NOUN	organization	NOUN	 organization
Drizzt was created by author R. A. Salvatore as a supporting character in the Icewind Dale Trilogy. Salvatore created	created	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Though the time and place of his return to Japan had been kept secret by the military, reporters quickly	quickly	ADV	caught	VERB	 caught
It's as if Ryan didn't trust that the audience would get behind Will and the saga of his	his	PRON	ragtag	NOUN	 ragtag
Their work shed light on the mathematical structure of M theory and suggested possible ways of connecting M theory to	to	ADP	real	ADJ	 real
Another celebrated image of Washington is the Lansdowne portrait, a large portrait with one version hanging in the East	East	PROPN	Room	PROPN	 Room
President Reagan received his own Presidential Medal of Freedom in January 1993. Reagan and her husband were jointly awarded	awarded	VERB	the	DET	 the
When a doctor explains auto erotic asphyxiation to Kenny, Kyle and Butters, he refers to the deaths of	of	ADP	actor	NOUN	 actor
The Russians did attempt to intervene with a force of four cruisers: Admiral Makarov, Bayan, Oleg,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Though Selänne led the tournament with eight goals, Finland lost their quarterfinal match against Sweden and finished fifth overall	overall	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
He was one of five finalists flown out to Los Angeles for the announcement of the Wooden Award along with	with	ADP	eventual	ADJ	 eventual
The left leaning politics of the area is still reflected to some extent in local political views. The Dunedin	Dunedin	PROPN	South	PROPN	 South
Here he delivered three talks, each garnering an attendance in the thousands, based not only on his views	views	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At age 18, she left home to be on her own and moved to Philadelphia. Gittings began to	to	PART	hitchhike	VERB	 hitchhike
TV Scoop praised Woodburne's performance during the MS storyline. They said, " Susan's real life alter	alter	NOUN	ego	PROPN	 ego
Achaea was now in turmoil, and some cities were close to revolt; many residents were angered at Aratus	Aratus	PROPN	'	PART	 '
When I finally realized the connection of the identities of Kid and Magil near the final stage of development,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
He says that if you are in Lhasa airport and someone is fiddling with your luggage, yelling " fuck	fuck	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
Nowa Cerekiew was a major Celtic trade and political centre, one of the very few in central Europe,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The ferry gave rise to the community of Boones Landing, which eventually grew into Wilsonville. Originally, the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The exact date of human arrival is unknown, although a radius (arm bone) of a Palaeopropithecus ingens	ingens	VERB	with	ADP	 with
However, GameSpy stated the game's artificial intelligence for " managing the individual movements of units and citizens...	...	PUNCT	[	X	 [
Tillman, however, called the settlement a " great victory ", saying, " we didn't admit	admit	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The ship had one horizontal two cylinder trunk steam engine driving a single propeller using steam provided by four Martin	Martin	PROPN	boilers	NOUN	 boilers
" 300 was also warmly received by websites focusing on comics and video games. Comic Book Resources ' Mark	Mark	PROPN	Cronan	PROPN	 Cronan
Widerøe commenced flights to Bodø and Trondheim with their de Havilland Canada DHC 6 Twin Otters the following day.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Absorption of nutrients takes place in the ileum and any undigested residue is passed on to the colon. Here	Here	ADV	water	NOUN	 water
However, zones of abrupt change led him to split these into more subspecies, and to note that the	the	DET	differences	NOUN	 differences
Like swifts they are able to spend the night on the wing, but they will also return to an	an	DET	island	NOUN	 island
Overnight, a large amount of snow had accumulated on the Gavia, but the roads were cleared in time	time	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Re puddling was a long process, so experiments with the use of heavy gauge polythene to line the canal	canal	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Inside Man is Ejiofor's second film with Lee, after She Hate Me (2004). He first	first	ADV	learned	VERB	 learned
" Stephen Hulse refers to Joe 90 as " clearly the most child oriented of the latter Anderson Supermarionation series	series	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Indonesian confrontation did not directly affect Johor Bahru as the main Indonesian landing point in Johor was in Labis	Labis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The windows in the nave have two lights (sections of window separated by mullions), save for one	one	NUM	to	ADP	 to
A conflict developed between the two groups for supremacy, which the oral histories of other Malagasy groups describe as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Canterbury retained the sees in the south and southeast. Hygeberht, already Bishop of Lichfield, was the new	new	ADJ	archdiocese	PROPN	 archdiocese
New Jersey's state parks and forests prohibit the possession or consumption of alcoholic beverages except at pre approved events	events	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After rejecting the suit of the nominal King of Spain, Archduke Charles of Austria, she married George Augustus	Augustus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Becky experiences turmoil in her living situation and moves in with Billy and Mindy and develops a family of her	her	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
All singles charted on the Billboard Hot 100 and Canadian Hot 100. With seven new entries, it marked	marked	VERB	the	DET	 the
In college, he occasionally drank wine. His anti alcohol views did not take root until he attended Asbury	Asbury	PROPN	Theological	PROPN	 Theological
The writers, finding the script to be easily divisible, ended the first episode with William Bell and Olivia	Olivia	PROPN	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
The changes included the replacement of Fantasy Times, a fan department by James Taurasi, with Futurian Times,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The task of seeing this work through to production was assigned to the BBC's Douglas Cleverdon, who had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Batman can run, jump, climb, crouch, glide from heights using his cape, and use his	his	PRON	grapple	ADJ	 grapple
Three brunette wigs were made to cover Ehle's short, blonde hair and one wig for Alison Steadman (	(	PUNCT	Mrs.	PROPN	Mrs.
In Canada, the song reached the top of the RPM Singles Chart in its ninth week. It was	was	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
Leaving Hainesville, the road continues into Montague Township. Near the community of Montague, CR 521 splits from	from	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
On February 13, 2011, the song won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. The	The	DET	single	ADJ	 single
There he met his future wife, Siti Hasnah. After graduation, Soeman found employment at HIS Siak Sri	Sri	PROPN	Indrapura	PROPN	 Indrapura
It will reach people that scientists will never reach. " John Nielsen Gammon from Texas A & M University	University	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The Judiciary Act of 1789 also placed the responsibility for prosecuting federal crimes in the United States Attorney for each	each	DET	federal	ADJ	 federal
The opening televised debate, Vincent Browne's Big Presidential Debate on TV3, saw moderator Vincent Browne challenge Sinn	Sinn	PROPN	Féin	PROPN	 Féin
Christopher Plummer played the title role. A film version was released in 2012, with Plummer again taking the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Byron Lee & the Dragonaires appeared in the film and performed some of the music on the later soundtrack album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Heterodimeric antibodies have a greater range in shapes they can take and the drugs that are attached to the arms	arms	NOUN	don	PROPN	 don
Instrumental rock was particularly significant in continental Europe, allowing bands like Kraftwerk, Tangerine Dream, Can, and	and	CCONJ	Faust	NOUN	 Faust
The media reported that Fingleton had quarrelled with Woodfull and several teammates told him that his apparent rebuff of the	the	DET	national	ADJ	 national
Parker considers the novel possibly Fleming's best, as it has a tight plot and is well paced throughout	throughout	ADP	;	PUNCT	;
Since then, she has released several novels, as well as numerous short stories (including one anthology)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It was also the first film script to be serialised in Vijayachitra magazine. During the film's screening in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Along the North Carolina coastline, state troopers were deployed to assist residents in evacuating and preparing for the hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Henry had already replaced him with Roger of Salisbury an able financier who was infinitely more acceptable to the nation	nation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Therefore, every graph with a topological ordering is acyclic. Conversely, every directed acyclic graph has a topological	topological	ADJ	ordering	NOUN	 ordering
The adjective Angevin is especially used in English history to refer to the kings who were also counts of Anjou	Anjou	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
Depicting female figures carrying flowers, they are the oldest surviving paintings of the Anuradhapura period. Various theories exist	exist	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Raccoons are thought to be color blind or at least poorly able to distinguish color, though their eyes are	are	AUX	well	ADV	 well
While this could be partially resolved if P1 had its own black hole to stabilize it, the distribution of	of	ADP	stars	NOUN	 stars
Dan Jolin of Empire magazine commented that it was " Bond without the style and Team America without the bellylaughs	bellylaughs	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The new aircraft would take advantage of improvements in radar technology which allowed airborne radars to " look down "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Equivalently (for book embeddings in which each edge is drawn as a monotonic curve), it is the	the	DET	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
During the 1980s, Magic Johnson (Los Angeles Lakers) had triple double streaks of three games each against	against	ADP	Houston	PROPN	 Houston
The building's design was based on St Mary's parish church, Lutterworth, England. It was designed	designed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Not all reception has been positive. Todd VanDerWerff wrote for Vox that, " Quite a few of the	the	DET	items	NOUN	 items
Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster, had no male heir so Edward married his son John to	to	ADP	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
Despite his illness, Lenin remained keenly interested in political developments. When the Socialist Revolutionary Party's leadership was	was	AUX	found	VERB	 found
Over the next two years she continued her training cruises, but it soon became apparent that her overhaul in	in	ADP	1876	NUM	 1876
The estimated cost of the loops was £800,000 (approximately £78.1 million today), most of which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
or What Is Anarchism?). Anarchist Stuart Christie wrote that Now and After is " among the best	best	ADJ	introductions	NOUN	 introductions
On 8 January 1942, Heydrich sent new invitations to a meeting to be held on 20 January. The	The	DET	venue	NOUN	 venue
The modest success of Thoughts and Johnson's encouragement emboldened Wollstonecraft to embark on a career as a professional writer	writer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was granted the Order of Labor the following year, and promoted to titular member of the Academy in	in	ADP	1955	NUM	 1955
He remained a life long amateur painter. After taking private lessons from the musicologist Ebenezer Prout, Wood entered	entered	VERB	the	DET	 the
The following month, Louisiana was used to test Arthur Pollen's Argo Clock, the first fire control system	system	NOUN	to	PART	 to
On meeting Barbey for the first time, MacArthur had only one question: " are you a lucky officer	officer	NOUN	?	PUNCT	?
Australian and New Zealand English are most closely related to British English, and both have similarly non rhotic accents	accents	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is relatively large for a sportive lemur, and is difficult to visually distinguish from the weasel sportive lemur	lemur	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Farrell recalled watching the company try new online initiatives and seeing them all be unsuccessful. The talking head interview	interview	NOUN	wherein	SCONJ	 wherein
460 BC – ca. 370 BC), it was Aristotle (384 BC – 322 BC) who	who	PRON	contributed	VERB	 contributed
In June 1737, Frederick informed his parents that Augusta was pregnant, and due to give birth in October	October	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Many compared it, unfavorably, to the Michael Scott Paper Company fifth season story arc. Dyanamaria Leifsson from	from	ADP	TV	PROPN	 TV
Bell and Olivia hold off the assault while Peter and Walter set up the dimensional device to enable their return	return	NOUN	home	ADV	 home
While recording, he immersed himself in a composite character of classic soul singers from videos he watched, including	including	VERB	Al	PROPN	 Al
Commissioners were appointed, with powers to erect piers and to cut a new channel to the sea through a	a	DET	sand	NOUN	 sand
In it, he argued that the scramble for Africa was at the root of World War I. He also	also	ADV	anticipated	VERB	 anticipated
But that's why we can still make things happen. Our best and worst qualities are contrary. To	To	PART	put	VERB	 put
It is approximately 500 kilometers (310 mi) in diameter, about a tenth of that of Saturn's	's	PART	largest	ADJ	 largest
The winning candidate, Charles McDonald, did not hold the seat long, resigning it to open a place	place	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Sissoi Veliky went into action with new rangefinders, searchlights and small calibre guns, but her damaged internal decks	decks	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
It was one of those things that we do at Pixar where we knew going in that it had to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Also in adjoining parts of Katanga Province in Congo (Kinshasa). East African Defassa Waterbuck K. e. adolfi	adolfi	PROPN	friderici	PROPN	 friderici
In late September, The International Festival is held in the city. Founded in 1979, the event showcases	showcases	VERB	the	DET	 the
Uranium (VI) compounds are weak oxidants. Most of them contain the linear " uranyl " group,	,	PUNCT	UO2	PROPN	 UO2
A week after the album's release, the official Nine Inch Nails site reported over 750,000 purchase and download	download	NOUN	transactions	NOUN	 transactions
His mentor and friend is Angeal Hewley, a 1st class SOLDIER who is also friends with fellow SOLDIER members	members	NOUN	Sephiroth	PROPN	 Sephiroth
" My Happiness " was put on heavy rotation by Los Angeles radio station KROQ FM two months prior to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Usher stated his reasons for releasing a live album in an interview with MTV, " I really like the	the	DET	sound	NOUN	 sound
ISBN 0 444 50156 8. Handbook of Monetary Economics, Elsevier. Friedman, Benjamin M., and Frank	Frank	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
It has no distinctive odor, and a mild to slightly bitter taste. On the cap underside, the	the	DET	pore	ADJ	 pore
The Iranian government also named a street running alongside the British embassy in Tehran after Bobby Sands, which was	was	AUX	formerly	ADV	 formerly
While mafic lava flows appear to merge laterally with the less silicon undersaturated lavas of the Chilcotin Group surrounding the	the	DET	Anahim	PROPN	 Anahim
Captain Michael Brezas, USAAF fighter ace, arrived in Lucera, Italy during the summer of 1944, joining	joining	VERB	the	DET	 the
Driberg and Knight were long standing acquaintances who met frequently and, among other things, shared a mutual interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He called it " another solid record to add to the collection; just the right nostalgic blend of parodies	parodies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The text " Pendolino S220 " was written on the units according to the train's original branding. On	On	ADP	later	ADJ	 later
Baldwin, a horse breeder and racer, also owned the Santa Anita racetrack in Los Angeles, which Wyatt	Wyatt	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
It was with the Reds that Bauer as right wing, Schmidt at centre and Dumart, who moved up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Beginning in the Monashee Mountains to the north, the Upper Adams River flows mainly southward and eventually reaches Adams	Adams	PROPN	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
" Even with the departure of Martin Walkyier in 2001, Skyclad remains an active folk metal group today after	after	ADP	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Ben has a vision from his previous life during Desmond's beating. Ben believes him and relays Locke this	this	DET	information	NOUN	 information
There was a 5.1 meter (17 foot) storm surge and a 200 m (660 ft) incursion	incursion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This building led onto the two platforms, lined with waiting rooms and a ticket office. During the Second	Second	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
The deal had provisions that allowed some of the nine installments to be converted into longer term notes or mortgages	mortgages	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As they share many cross platform games and compete for the same audience as their predecessors, frequent comparisons are	are	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Such index fossils must be distinctive, be globally distributed and have a short time range to be useful.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Founded in 1628, it was an organization of Puritan businessmen that organized and established the Massachusetts Bay Colony.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Reluctant at first to tell Joyce her darkest secret, she soon reveals that she was in a porn film	film	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
" However, Elan concluded her review saying that although she appears not to know the legacy of the song	song	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Designer Harvey Smith suggested a streamlined plot that removed the Mexican invasion to make development easier and the narrative more	more	ADV	personal	ADJ	 personal
Ken Banks with the Florida DEP estimated the project to take three to five years, and while that timeline	timeline	NOUN	wo	AUX	 wo
Following reports that two of the people he posed for pictures with had been responsible for the kidnapping of eleven	eleven	NUM	Lebanese	ADJ	 Lebanese
The River Street Bakery, also in the Mill Works Building and now owned by the Co op, claims	claims	VERB	to	PART	 to
After the Great Fire of London, many children were sent to Hertfordshire: 62 were sent to Ware,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Unterseebootsflottile, sinking 21 merchant ships for a total of 117,036 GRT, damaging one ship of 10,350 GRT and	and	CCONJ	another	PRON	 another
Schiavo shut down the PAC later that year. The Schindlers continued operation of the Terri Schindler Schiavo Foundation,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
According to Allen, she has become a celebrity among Christian activists, an unusual instance when cases of discrimination	discrimination	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
The final selection had Moore wearing only a diamond ring. Joanne Gair worked on make up for the shoot	shoot	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Following her husband's death in 1888, when an equestrian sculpture of her husband was being planned,	,	PUNCT	Irene	PROPN	 Irene
The magazine said positive factors for its performance included the continued sales of Weir's novel, Scott's success	success	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
However, the bear and actors never appear together in the same frame, rather a man in a bear	bear	NOUN	suit	NOUN	 suit
Miyamoto led teams at Nintendo and Square, who spent over a year developing the graphics. The story takes	takes	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
State and federal agencies are in the process of replacing the Tappan Zee Bridge over New York's Hudson River	River	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Two hot beverages that Palestinians consume is coffee — served in the morning and throughout the day — and tea	tea	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
In 1576 and 1579, he produced the two volume Les Plus Excellents Bastiments de France, a beautiful publication	publication	NOUN	dedicated	VERB	 dedicated
Despite playing only thirteen games for the Broncos in 2007, he received the Broncos award for Best Back.	.	PUNCT	Over	SCONJ	 Over
A private screening for a youth assembly was held at the United Nations. Revolver Entertainment acquired the distributor rights	rights	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Cathedral was reconstructed last and decorated with a set of wooden baroque icons, copies of former mosaics and	and	CCONJ	frescoes	NOUN	 frescoes
Both were stockholders in a Vicksburg based railroad that planned to build a link to Texas to join up with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
As an ongoing work, empty blocks were installed, to be filled with items chosen by the 88 graduating	graduating	NOUN	classes	NOUN	 classes
Barbara then moved across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and dissipated within the mountainous terrain of Sierra Madre de Chiapas on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Eventually, he confronts and defeats Jerec, avenging his father's death. However, Katarn still does not	not	PART	join	VERB	 join
The prevalent force of Alchemy in Weyard's ancient past enabled the development of great civilizations. However, this	this	DET	thriving	ADJ	 thriving
During his presidency there were conflicts, not only with Brazil and Buenos Aires, but also the United States	States	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Southern Oregon is higher, and its climate is often warmer, than better known wine producing valleys such as	as	ADP	Napa	PROPN	 Napa
Wallace wrote on other social and political topics including his support for women's suffrage, and repeatedly on the	the	DET	dangers	NOUN	 dangers
The day after having sex with Tammy, Ron comes to work wearing a red shirt and black pants,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
She portrayed Sally, a woman who has a troubled marriage with author Roy (played by Josh Brolin)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The castle site is now approximately 110 by 100 metres (360 by 330 ft) across. As of	of	ADP	2015	NUM	 2015
It was employed by the Canadian Expeditionary Force from 1914 until the American Expeditionary Force entered the war in 1917	1917	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Maysak affected Yap and Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia, as well as the Philippines. The storm	storm	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Critics noted the track as one of the better songs from Last Train to Paris, particularly for Danja's	's	PART	production	NOUN	 production
August 8, 1964) is an Austrian writer, essayist, poet, and translator. Born and raised	raised	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Some features introduced in certain games have proven popular enough to remain in future installments like " Free Running "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
These operations, which were generally conducted at night, cost the unit three aircraft. The only interruption to	to	ADP	No	PROPN	 No
Diana first wrote the story of FernGully 15 years prior to the film's release. Wayne said the couple	couple	NOUN	planned	VERB	 planned
Following the success in addressing the UN, the " Return Our Land " movement evolved into the Aboriginal Constitution	Constitution	PROPN	Movement	PROPN	 Movement
" In June 2010, Silver was less optimistic about the film happening; " we analyzed all these areas	areas	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
For the performances in Handel's lifetime and in the decades following his death, the musical forces used in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A 99 ft 6 in (30.33 m) train, painted yellow, was also able to carry 108	108	NUM	passengers	NOUN	 passengers
Each ICRA produces an annual report and its reappointment is considered every four years. The main task is to	to	PART	maintain	VERB	 maintain
He trained at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in intake 963, and was commissioned into the Life Guards,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
And I did! It's so awesome! " Swerling called it " the longest and possibly most difficult	difficult	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
I figured if we were gonna be doing this professionally, on a major label, I wanted my	my	PRON	rent	NOUN	 rent
Reynosa also reported several shootings between the Mexican Army and organized crime on the highway that connects the city with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Edwards and John scored all the points in the encounter, Edwards with a try, John a try and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Furthermore, the member states agreed to send military assistance to any government threatened by unrest. Prince Wrede led	led	VERB	half	NOUN	 half
It was brought in after the platform move onto the PSP, but while the game was still titled Agito	Agito	PROPN	XIII	PROPN	 XIII
The episode's third act features many references to the 1967 science fiction series The Prisoner. The episode features	features	VERB	Patrick	PROPN	 Patrick
It was written and produced by Max Martin, Dr. Luke and Billboard, with additional writing by Bonnie McKee	McKee	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the coldest part of this Ice age period, 20,000 to 15,000 BCE, humans did not inhabit Poland	Poland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Đakovo – Vukovar loess plain, extending eastward from Dilj and representing the watershed between the Vuka and Bosut	Bosut	PROPN	rivers	NOUN	 rivers
The rest of eastern Hamersley was built over the next few years, and by 1981 development was essentially complete	complete	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
This project beautified and protected the city, exhibited its glory, and gave work to the people. Pericles	Pericles	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Little is known about its ecology, which is probably comparable to that of the white cheeked nuthatch. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
After the Test matches were over, Headley had an operation to remove a sebaceous cyst from his forehead and	and	CCONJ	missed	VERB	 missed
The house quickly burned and Hannah Lee, being pregnant with her fourth child, had to be thrown from	from	ADP	her	PRON	 her
UPD began to have financial difficulties in the early 1970s, and when Judy Lynn del Rey (formerly Judy	Judy	PROPN	Lynn	PROPN	 Lynn
However, by September 23, the storm had become disorganized and sprawling. Later that day, Inga weakened	weakened	VERB	back	ADV	 back
In May 1970, the division was among U.S. units participating in the Cambodian Incursion, withdrawing from Cambodia on	on	ADP	29	NUM	 29
This is in fact only true for genes that do not reside on the same chromosome, or are located	located	VERB	very	ADV	 very
These are up to 4 cm (1 1 ⁄ 2 in) in diameter. The individual flowers arise	arise	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The following list refers to the 1860 edition. Acton's book is divided into chapters with brief, often	often	ADV	single	ADJ	 single
In 1687 the governor of New France, the Marquis de Denonville, launched an attack against Seneca villages in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The reports by Anonymus, Simon of Kéza and other Hungarian chroniclers of the Bár Kalán, Csák and other	other	ADJ	13th	ADJ	 13th
The first attested instance of strong resistance to Alboin's migration took place at the town of Ticinum (Pavia	Pavia	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Two other birds (from the Isles of Scilly in 2001, and Glamorgan in 2002 have been accepted (	(	PUNCT	by	ADP	by
Haynes was tasked with coordinating area defense and offensive destruction of the enemy, the emphasis on the former.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
I was the one who denounced those crimes at the time of the dictatorship. " In 2006, he	he	PRON	supported	VERB	 supported
The socially withdrawn Little Tich was forced to adapt to much busier surroundings; day trippers, holidaymakers and fishermen	fishermen	NOUN	often	ADV	 often
He cancels Ludachristmas and makes the staff sit through a talk, led by himself and Reverend Gary (John	John	PROPN	F	PROPN	 F
The team bivouacked on the summit for eight days, erecting small crosses and a stone shelter. The ascent	ascent	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The central tower, rising to 127 feet (39 m), is a “ lantern tower ” with	with	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
It was probably bred for its seeds, which are large and high in oil and protein, but its	its	PRON	flesh	NOUN	 flesh
Lazenby is that man, and his performance is superb. " Fairbanks also thought On Her Majesty's Secret	Secret	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
" Bolt and his teammates won the 4x100 relay in 37.58 seconds; a Commonwealth Games record. In August	August	PROPN	2014	NUM	 2014
As for shellfish, there are Dungeness crabs, scallops, shrimp and clams. Salmon are very important food	food	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Together, elements of the Viet Cong 261st and 514th Battalions in Ap Tan Thoi and Ap Bac formed a	a	DET	'	PUNCT	 '
Other species joining I. maculata in the Maculata clade include I. cookei, I. quietiodor, I. rhodiola, I.	I.	NOUN	adaequata	NOUN	 adaequata
As " one of the reasons for the lamentable record in malaria control in 1942 and early 1943 was the	the	DET	absence	NOUN	 absence
Steven Moffat, head writer of the new series, said before broadcast that this would be one of the	the	DET	darkest	ADJ	 darkest
He pressed for greater use of active day time tactical training rather than evening indoors drill, which he felt	felt	VERB	was	AUX	 was
Certain taxonomic authorities have collapsed both designations into the North American cougar, with Eastern or Florida subspecies not recognized	recognized	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
On 27 October 2009, Continental Airlines became the 25th member of Star Alliance after leaving SkyTeam three days earlier	earlier	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
She tells Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor Draper) about her condition but insists that Belle keep it secret,	,	PUNCT	scared	ADJ	 scared
When originally proposed as the Fordham Spire in July 2005, the design had 116 stories and would have included	included	VERB	a	DET	 a
" McGovern also stated, " Mars might still be locked out of heaven, but it sounds like he	he	PRON	's	AUX	's
Some units of the Polish infantry were still armed with hunting rifles or war scythes, but contrary to common	common	ADJ	misconception	NOUN	 misconception
The path to the afterlife as laid out in the Book of the Dead was a difficult one. The	The	DET	deceased	ADJ	 deceased
The dragon's neck stretched out vertically due to NES hardware sprite limitations horizontally. The animation of the eagle	eagle	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Just before his visit to the Libyan capital, Goukouni had sent two of his commanders to Libya for consultations	consultations	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In 1915, he began training with the Landshut Cadet Corps. His father used his connections with the royal	royal	PROPN	family	NOUN	 family
Oxford's cox, 19 year old Abbie Chapman, became the ninth female cox in the history of the	the	DET	contest	NOUN	 contest
Instead, after confirming " Runway two two ", Captain Jeffrey Clay taxied onto Runway 26, an unlit	unlit	ADJ	secondary	ADJ	 secondary
If the office of President becomes vacant before the incumbent's term expires, a poll for an election must	must	AUX	be	AUX	 be
It was built between 1720 and 1750 for Robert Blundell, the lord of the manor, and was designed	designed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The burning of unearthed corpses continued at full speed until the end of July. The Treblinka II conspirators became	became	VERB	increasingly	ADV	 increasingly
From October through May, the MCA hosts monthly Family Days, which feature artistic activities for all ages.	.	PUNCT	Each	DET	 Each
A new type of music hall entertainment had arrived, in the form of variety, and many music hall	hall	NOUN	performers	NOUN	 performers
From this time until 1990, Kritosaurus would be composed of at least the type species K. navajovius, K.	K.	PROPN	incurvimanus	NOUN	 incurvimanus
In 1957 it constructed its current building on Cloverdale Road, and joined the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
Per Li Shimin's plan, the Tang troops did not come forth to deploy for battle; instead they	they	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
For Lawson, Inside No. 9 was able to overcome these problems through the " pleasing coherence " offered	offered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In 1570 he moved to Rome, where he opened a workshop and executed a series of works. During	During	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The monarchy was also dynastic: the princes were to be elected by boyars from among the members of the	the	DET	ruling	VERB	 ruling
In addition, women are more likely than men to mention the dangers of HIV / AIDS when they suspect	suspect	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It was also revealed that the film included new characters from the video game series, such as Jill Valentine	Valentine	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Aigis, unable to defeat the Shadow, sealed it inside the Protagonist, who was a child at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Native to Indonesia and Malaysia, orangutans are currently found in only the rainforests of Borneo and Sumatra. Classified	Classified	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He tossed hoodlums who had been bothering women through a plate glass window, one by one, and then	then	ADV	arrested	VERB	 arrested
" To him, Brown is a " strange guy " with " zero " emotional intelligence. Having been	been	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
Four General Electric turbo generators powered each propeller shaft and each was rated at 35,200 kilowatts (47,200 hp)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Rollins said: How great would that be? A World Series here, us against the Yankees? …	…	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
They come across a strange train hauling tanker trucks and they follow it to a large cornfield surrounding two glowing	glowing	VERB	domes	NOUN	 domes
Early drainage work on the Somerset Levels was carried out in the later years of the 12th century, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tarkovsky's adaptation is a " drama of grief and partial recovery " concentrated upon the thoughts and the consciences	consciences	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During shooting in Ooty, Ramachandran personally bought sweaters for the entire cast and crew. The Government Botanical Gardens	Gardens	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The University of Pennsylvania bought part of Cope's ethnological artifact collection for $5,500. The Academy of Natural	Natural	PROPN	Sciences	PROPN	 Sciences
In 2011 Lauren Redniss published Radioactive: Marie and Pierre Curie, a Tale of Love and Fallout. Greer	Greer	PROPN	Garson	PROPN	 Garson
Fizeau used a special interferometer arrangement to measure the effect of movement of a medium upon the speed of light	light	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The NBC premiere lineup on September 30, 1982 consisted of (beginning at 8: 00 pm Eastern and	and	CCONJ	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
Later, in November 2013, Digital Extremes creative director Stephen Sinclair said to IGN that he was " kind	kind	ADV	of	ADV	 of
No move materialised, and he continued to progress through the youth system at Home Park, and was offered	offered	VERB	a	DET	 a
The new propellant powders, known as surface coated double base (SCDB) propellants, allow the DM63 to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
It was the third highest rated show on the Fox network that week, following World's Wildest Police Videos	Videos	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He tied individual officers to him by controlling their promotion and the flow of money for payrolls. Researchers working	working	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Never adopted by the kirk, they nevertheless remained popular and were reprinted from the 1540s to the 1620s.	.	PUNCT	Later	ADV	 Later
Usher found, after following the success of DJ Hero, that the game was " very interesting " as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Despite the loss of dominance, Egbert's military successes fundamentally changed the political landscape of Anglo Saxon England.	.	PUNCT	Wessex	PROPN	 Wessex
His conditions were quite exorbitant – a 3000 ruble annual salary, a pension for his wife, and the	the	DET	promise	NOUN	 promise
(April 2012). Scott Standard Postage Stamp Catalog 1. Sidney, OH: Scott Publishing Co. ISBN	ISBN	NOUN	978	NUM	 978
Bertuzzi was released from his professional tryout offer with Binghamton on January 21, 2015, after posting no points	points	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Villano derives from the Medieval Latin villanus, meaning a " farmhand ". The etymology of the word relates	relates	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In 1841, Passavant attributed the diptych jointly to Hubert and Jan van Eyck; by 1853, he had	had	AUX	revised	VERB	 revised
An underwater power cable brought electricity from the mainland and floodlights were placed along the walls of Fort Wood.	.	PUNCT	Gutzon	PROPN	 Gutzon
After becoming the focus of a television documentary, the building — in a serious state of disrepair — was	was	AUX	purchased	VERB	 purchased
In the kingdom of the Valley of the Wind, a prophecy predicts a saviour " clothed in blue robes	robes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The third phase received the least consideration, but naval planners were aware that Singapore was too far from Japan	Japan	PROPN	to	PART	 to
At the time of release in Denmark in 1886, the daily newspapers were generally enthusiastic about Ved Vejen.	.	PUNCT	Writing	VERB	 Writing
The city of Santee faced problems in the construction of the freeway from SR 125 to SR 67. As	As	ADV	early	ADV	 early
They ruled the Jaffna kingdom from the 13th until the 17th century, when the last of the dynasty,	,	PUNCT	Cankili	PROPN	 Cankili
It was during this festival that the core structure of the event was finalised following a meeting with committee members	members	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Enomoto surrendered on June 27, 1869, accepting the Meiji Emperor's rule, and the Ezo Republic	Republic	PROPN	ceased	VERB	 ceased
At the end of the episode. Harry has Osbourne assassinated. Bill Watson receives photographs of the dead refugees	refugees	NOUN	washed	VERB	 washed
Cubbie Roo, the best known Orcadian giant, has a presence on Shapinsay. He was originally based on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Leading a " Special Column ", the battalion reached the Toba Plateau, some 8,000 feet (2,400 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The flora of the continent largely consists of bryophytes. There are about 100 species of mosses and 25 species	species	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their numbers were greatly reduced by disease and warfare with the Five Nations of the Iroquois, and by 1675	1675	NUM	they	PRON	 they
The estimated half life of lead in bone is 20 to 30 years, and bone can introduce lead into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
He felt the work was an example of what he described as " good bad poetry "; verse which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The game was originally planned as having third person perspective gameplay, but after Miyamoto intervened this was changed to	to	ADP	first	ADJ	 first
On October 25, 1788 Jones ' team began their survey of Grimsby Township; it was completed November 13	13	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Initially the Britons of Somerset seem to have continued much as under the Romans but without the imperial taxation and	and	CCONJ	markets	NOUN	 markets
After months of negotiations, Odlum was dismissed as Deputy Prime Minister, and the ensuing government weakness and infighting	infighting	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
Another 27 Serbs from the village were killed between this massacre and 9 June, and over 5,000 head of	of	ADP	livestock	NOUN	 livestock
The University of Sydney appointed Mackay an honorary Esquire Bedell in 1950 and awarded him an honorary degree of Doctor	Doctor	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Around 2 pm, the British barges carrying artillery floated down the La Chute River, and, contrary to	to	ADP	plan	NOUN	 plan
" The length of " From the Ages " was also criticized by Exclaim! reviewer Trystan MacDonald who cited	cited	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Director Chris Buck later stated, " [Anna's] secret weapon is love, " while head of	of	ADP	story	NOUN	 story
Following the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642, the castle was held by forces loyal to Charles	Charles	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
Compsognathus longipes is one of the few dinosaur species for which diet is known with certainty: the remains of	of	ADP	small	ADJ	 small
Lee and Bynoe had worked together in Boston years earlier, and Bynoe thought of Lee as a mentor.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Ben Rawson Jones of Digital Spy gave the episode three stars out of five. His opening said " Fantastic	Fantastic	ADJ	effects	NOUN	 effects
He sent Godinot's infantry brigade, flanked by Briche's light cavalry and supported by artillery, across the	the	DET	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
The film was also included and ranked 57th on Hollywood's 100 Favorite Films, a list compiled by The	The	DET	Hollywood	PROPN	 Hollywood
The Burger King v. Hoots trademark dispute and its resulting decision went beyond the original case, it established a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
However, from 1942 to 1946, during the Second World War, members of the class under overhaul were	were	AUX	turned	VERB	 turned
In 724, immediately after the rise of Hisham ibn Abd al Malik (r. 724 – 743) to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In early September, an indignant letter to the Rhodesia Herald from Colonel Raleigh Grey, a major figure in	in	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
A mostly white dog, he ran briefly with a hunting kennel before becoming a show dog, most notably	notably	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Haggard was greatly interested in the ruins discovered at Zimbabwe in the 1870s. In 1896, he provided the	the	DET	preface	NOUN	 preface
The show originally aired on November 12, 2006. The plot follows Peter losing his fingers after an accident	accident	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Hanada holes up in Misako's apartment and Number One begins an extended siege, taunting Hanada with threatening phone	phone	NOUN	calls	NOUN	 calls
Patients are subject to constant itching and pain, as within minutes of the initial exposure to UV radiation a	a	DET	rash	NOUN	 rash
Stewart, who has been acclaimed in his own riding of Sedgewick, announced that he would resign as Premier	Premier	PROPN	as	ADV	 as
Flight arrangements were made with Roger Peterson, a 21 year old local pilot described as a " young married	married	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
The mothering nature of Janeway on Kim has been described by reviewers, with the crew forming a type of	of	ADP	family	NOUN	 family
Stamps on tegulae indicate that Mamucium had administrative links not only with Castleshaw, but also with Ardotalia, the	the	DET	nearest	ADJ	 nearest
When he was caught, at the 30 km (19 mi) to go mark, the Farnese Vini	Vini	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
She served with the screens for both the battlecruisers of the I Scouting Group during operations against the British coast	coast	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1989, Rolling Stone ranked it as the best album of the 1980s. In 1999, Q magazine	magazine	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
The ships ' engines were rated at 132,000 shaft horsepower (98,000 kW) for a top speed of 32	32	NUM	knots	NOUN	 knots
The ice was used to allow goods to be brought to market. Cincinnati and Chicago began to use ice	ice	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Strong winds buffeted the Florida Panhandle, accompanied by one tornado and several funnel clouds. In Panama City,	,	PUNCT	wind	NOUN	 wind
In 1936, Murphy was selected to join Wackett on a mission to investigate aircraft production overseas with a view	view	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The name of the team was at first left up to Brown, who rejected calls for it to be	be	AUX	christened	VERB	 christened
Following the election of 2004, Maryland politicians started announcing their intentions for the 2006 elections. Among them was	was	AUX	three	NUM	 three
Her career choice as a librarian is speculated to be due in part to the fact that it works as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Their early albums included both instrumental surf rock (among them covers of music by Dick Dale) and vocal	vocal	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
The storm quickly became better organized based on satellite data and ship reports. Almost immediately after emerging into the	the	DET	Gulf	PROPN	 Gulf
Informed of their approach, the Byzantine commander vacated the camp and placed his troops in ambush. Finding the	the	DET	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
The Indian government has approved the construction of a 12 km (7.5 mi) stone masonry wall on the	the	DET	southern	ADJ	 southern
By 1973 the Bizarre and Straight labels were discontinued. In their place, Zappa and Cohen created DiscReet Records	Records	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By 1872, under the direction of Jamāl al Dīn al Afghānī, European philosophy was also added to the	the	DET	study	NOUN	 study
John Howard becomes leader of the Opposition, presenting a new threat to Keating. Howard describes his intense desire	desire	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Other government positions included Recorder, Treasurer, Attorney, and Sheriff. The recorder position would later become the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
Liverpool in the late 19th century suffered extremes of poverty, and had the highest infant mortality rate in the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Psyche begins to search after Cupid, and Aphrodite forces her to perform various tasks before she could be united	united	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The king of Samarkand, Ghurak, who had unto this moment remained ostensibly loyal to the Arabs — although	although	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
" Judicial Watch followed its FOIA request with a FOIA lawsuit on June 8, 2011, and by January	January	PROPN	31	NUM	 31
Major streams include Black Creek, two tributaries named Little Nescopeck Creek, Oley Creek, Creasy Creek, and	and	CCONJ	Long	PROPN	 Long
Operation Poll Gallop was the name given to the largely logistic operation to support the Namibian elections. Activities began	began	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Two years later, on 7 December 1941, the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor sank Arizona in a tremendous	tremendous	ADJ	explosion	NOUN	 explosion
Batwoman appears as a member of an all female team of heroes created by Wonder Woman to repel a faux	faux	ADJ	alien	ADJ	 alien
When switching to become a Democrat, he voted 69% with his new party initially, until Joe Sestak	Sestak	PROPN	entered	VERB	 entered
The dossier consists of two folders; a " personal file " containing 90 pages of documents, including a	a	DET	handwritten	ADJ	 handwritten
After the duo moved to Jacksonville, they began to put together large jam sessions. Dickey Betts had played	played	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger	Bigger	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
India's two island territories, Lakshadweep and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, are also subject to this climate	climate	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Conditions improved after his discharge and transfer to a prisoner of war camp. On his way to the camp	camp	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The badge belonging to the Sovereign consists of a jewelled, 18 carat gold crown of rubies, emeralds,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This change also included having the name of the Metro section be called New York outside of the Tri State	State	PROPN	Area	PROPN	 Area
He was elected to the Tennessee Senate in 1841, where he served a two year term. He had	had	AUX	achieved	VERB	 achieved
The abolition of peine forte et dure as a way to avoid the forfeiture of land was also proposed.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
War broke out the next year, and in 1588, the year of the Spanish Armada, a Jesuit	Jesuit	PROPN	priest	NOUN	 priest
DisplayPort uses a self clocking, micro packet based protocol that allows for a variable number of differential lanes as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
A total of 623 Frenchmen had died, along with around 182 of the Zaian. French losses amounted to	to	ADP	218	NUM	 218
For the next 2.5 miles (4.0 km), the route passes by open fields as it overlooks the	the	DET	lake	NOUN	 lake
Young officers like Marshall who had not served overseas during the war were sent on battlefield tours. From 20	20	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
He pushed the development of a number of new weapons systems, including the Lockheed P 3 Orion and the	the	DET	nuclear	ADJ	 nuclear
It was probably discovered in China before 2800 BC, in Central America perhaps around 600 AD, and in	in	ADP	West	PROPN	 West
Other historical poems also expanded on the ideal of a single Romanian state, while presenting the 1848 generation as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In total, the Russians fielded 155,200 troops. There were 10,000 Cossacks as well as 33,000 Russian militiamen in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fruit clusters are collected exclusively by the men. Supported by a strap, the harvester climbs the tree,	,	PUNCT	cuts	VERB	 cuts
From the north of the hall are two further approaches. The Eccleston Approach goes to the village of Eccleston	Eccleston	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Krebs and Leber invited Columbia Records President Clive Davis to see the band at Max's Kansas City in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The game has attained a rating of 86% on GameRankings and an 85% rating on Metacritic. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The saddleback carapace probably evolved independently several times in dry habitats, since genetic similarity between populations does not correspond	correspond	VERB	to	ADP	 to
As there was space at Lillie Bridge Depot after the District had moved to Mill Hill Park, the GNP	GNP	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
In September 1801 he married Margaret Cradock (11 June 1776 – 20 January 1854) at the church in	in	ADP	Gilling	PROPN	 Gilling
In 2001, " Rock Bottom " and " Arrgh! " also won the Golden Reel Awards for Best	Best	PROPN	Sound	PROPN	 Sound
He added that developers should not attempt to force their technology to perform in ways it was not intended,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Areas of Tulsa west of the Arkansas River are called West Tulsa, and are marked by large parks,	,	PUNCT	wilderness	NOUN	 wilderness
After the occupation of Poland, all Jews living in the General Government were confined to ghettos, and those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
The away section is small for most Allsvenskan matches, with the most notable exceptions being matches against Helsingborgs IF	IF	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By July 2005, the band was not yet signed to a record label. Howling Bells toured for ten	ten	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
He attacked the dogmas of religion and rejected Islam. He was equally sarcastic towards the religions of Jews,	,	PUNCT	Christians	PROPN	 Christians
Station 3's utilization decreased from 43 percent in 2001 to 11.2 percent in 2005. As of 2009,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Another reference frame is provided by the cosmic microwave background (CMB). The Milky Way is moving at	at	ADP	552	NUM	 552
He regarded his time in the Sahara as " the most peaceful and contented years " of his life.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Strassburg was able to duck into the mists and evade fire, but Cöln remained visible and was quickly crippled	crippled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He finished the 2013 – 14 season with five league goals, in addition to nine assists. He failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
As one of the world's leading international financial centres, Hong Kong has a major capitalist service economy characterised	characterised	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Several other regional Memoranda Of Understanding have been established based on the Paris model, including the " Memorandum of	of	ADP	Understanding	PROPN	 Understanding
There is a large Rolls Royce industrial area to the west of the station, while the area to the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
The pay per view buyrate was 0.82, down from 1.4 the previous year, and was the lowest buyrate	buyrate	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although the Metropolitan Interments Act 1850 authorised Chadwick's scheme to proceed, the Metropolitan Interment Amendment Act 1852 repealed	repealed	VERB	the	DET	 the
They carried 3,500 long tons (3,556 t) of coal, and an additional 1,135 long tons (1,153	1,153	NUM	t	NOUN	 t
Deinonychus fossils have been uncovered in small groups near the remains of the herbivore Tenontosaurus, a larger ornithischian dinosaur	dinosaur	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The town was granted a Royal Charter in 1414, which allowed it to hold a fair twice a year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Overall, over 400 wind reports in the US alone, were reported on both October 17 and 18 across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
Moving northwestward, Alice strengthened rapidly as it neared the Mexican coastline, becoming a hurricane early the next day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sega decided to cancel the game three weeks later without inspecting the demo. The cancellation was officially confirmed in	in	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
After being diagnosed with schizophrenia, she was increasingly confined to specialist clinics, and the couple were living apart	apart	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
The mud was so thick and viscous it was nicknamed " gumbo ". To show travelers the obvious benefits	benefits	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It has been restored by the owners of the adjoining house, Plas Llanidan, and is occasionally open to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
None was ever reinstated, with Landis telling a group of Weaver supporters that his presence at the meetings with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
From 1 April 2003, the West Coast routes, which had been on contract with Norwegian Air Shuttle,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
At the same time, they announced an eight team tournament to crown a new trios champion. The top	top	ADJ	half	NOUN	 half
In the middle is a jumble of roulette and craps tables and 21 layouts. " The casino, of	of	ADP	substantial	ADJ	 substantial
No specific treatment is often needed. Initial measures consists of increasing fiber intake, drinking fluids to maintain hydration	hydration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He moved there in January 1942, joining Eugene Wigner's group, which was studying nuclear reactor design.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
On 31 August, CTF 69 was renamed Operational Development Force, United States Fleet. Wyoming continued in this	this	DET	unit	NOUN	 unit
The following month he became secretly engaged to Louise Brewer. After a month of classroom instruction in aviation,	,	PUNCT	Shepard	PROPN	 Shepard
The application process took three hours, meaning that the actress had to arrive on set earlier than other cast	cast	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
Super Metroid's co developer Intelligent Systems considered continuing the series on the Game Boy Color, but the idea	idea	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Between 1315 and 1322 the central tower was heightened and topped by a spire, which caused the piers that	that	PRON	supported	VERB	 supported
Lake Malawi is sometimes called the Calendar Lake as it is about 365 miles (587 km) long and	and	CCONJ	52	NUM	 52
He has been called the new young adult star that can " both woo the girls with his intensity and	and	CCONJ	impress	VERB	 impress
This puts Seattle Grace conveniently close to the Space Needle, which is directly across the street from Fisher Plaza	Plaza	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A radio drama adaptation of the film was written by Brian Daley with additional material contributed by John Whitman and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
On several occasions in the 1970s Margate had discussed a merger with neighbours Ramsgate to form a new team representing	representing	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the War of 1812, White enlisted in the United States Army as a soldier and was promoted to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Located in downtown Portland, City Hall sits on an entire city block along Fourth and Fifth avenues at Madison	Madison	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In eukaryotes, the absence of the phosphorolytic activity is compensated by the presence of the hydrolytic enzymes, which	which	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The game was originally intended to include an online multi player offering, but that was later canceled. Since	Since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Until recently the ground rollers, cuckoo roller, and rollers were all placed in a single family, Coraciidae	Coraciidae	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A partnership between the IWM, the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council, and Scottish, Northern Irish and	and	CCONJ	Welsh	PROPN	 Welsh
Three books based on Bizenghast have been released. On 13 February 2007, Tokyopop also released a 72 page	page	NOUN	limited	ADJ	 limited
Slave trade was also beneficial to the trade voyages, because the constant sailing allowed investors to buy small shares	shares	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was recorded by Chris " Tex " O'Ryan and Brian Garten The Boom Boom Room in Burbank and Honeywest	Honeywest	PROPN	Studios	PROPN	 Studios
Even more similar is the very rare Lactarius semisanguifluus. Its milk also discolours within 5 to 8 minutes to	to	ADP	maroon	NOUN	 maroon
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 9.93 million homes in its original airing. The episode featured	featured	VERB	guest	NOUN	 guest
Only minor injuries were reported, including the hospitalization of several people reporting chest pains related to the stress of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Verizon Wireless model of the G2 offers support for Qi wireless charging. Unlike the models released in other	other	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
Chris Charles from BBC News commented that " Mi Chico Latino " could be mistaken with " Spice Up Your	Your	PRON	Life	NOUN	 Life
Ultima Underworld II is set in the fantasy world of the Ultima franchise. It takes place across multiple parallel	parallel	ADJ	dimensions	NOUN	 dimensions
" Recording Recorded at Crave Studios, New York City; The Hit Factory, New York City. Mixed	Mixed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Soon the song was on the airwaves across the US — even on mainstream AM radio — and peaked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
" A South Park review in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette said about the series that " [i] n	n	NUM	the	DET	 the
I. salicis is rare in Nordic countries, and is typically collected from dunes. Of the other two listed	listed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In February 1864, Pickett commanded the Confederate forces at the Battle of New Bern, and ordered the execution	execution	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fagan's second season in charge was less successful, as Liverpool failed to win trophy for the first time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Another proposed spacecraft, the Gemini Lunar Surface Survival Shelter, was designed to be sent to the Moon ahead	ahead	ADV	of	ADP	 of
" Feige also said that while Loki has a part, " there will be a different villain, another	another	DET	big	ADJ	 big
The Greens were also absent during the speech, choosing instead to visit Auschwitz. A year later, the	the	DET	Green	ADJ	 Green
Since its publication in 1869 it has never been out of print. Wallace had financial difficulties throughout much of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The clock can be analog or digital though a digital clock is highly preferred under both USCF and FIDE rulesets	rulesets	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The storm's threat also prompted the cancellation or delay of flights along the coast. While passing northwest of	of	ADP	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
This affair does not seem to have hurt Zaoutzes's own standing with Basil or his career, for by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since loss of consciousness is thought to occur in less than 10% of concussions, the CDC estimate is	is	AUX	likely	ADV	 likely
The six issue monthly miniseries, written once again by Tomasi with art by Alisson Borges, was released starting	starting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" He expressed his hope that the book shines light on the " shades of grey " between the man	man	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cho Min ho took the award for Young Guy of the Year. Anyang city won the award for Best	Best	PROPN	Hockey	PROPN	 Hockey
Grant later turns up dead on the beach and Charlie and Ruby are in the frame for his murder,	,	PUNCT	until	SCONJ	 until
The 82 acre (33 ha) preserve protects " the largest remaining remnant of the vast maple forest that	that	PRON	became	VERB	 became
The sole sighting of the Negros fruit dove involved a pair of birds seen eating at a fruiting tree.	.	PUNCT	No	DET	 No
On the museum of television Troy walks by posters of spin offs, such as The Ropers (spun off	off	ADP	from	ADP	 from
Protests in Birmingham began with a boycott led by Shuttlesworth meant to pressure business leaders to open employment to people	people	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The bridge and the resulting traffic continued to be a hotly debated issue in the early 1980s. A plan	plan	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It heads through the picturesque downtown area, where many shops and even the street on which US 67 uses	uses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The troops began to have some success around 15: 00 with the arrival of an AVRE tank of 82nd	82nd	PROPN	Assault	PROPN	 Assault
Growing interest, space, and attention in the architecture sector are directed to environmental issues according to the principles	principles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When the initial request was refused, Ugartechea sent 100 dragoons to retrieve the cannon. The soldiers neared Gonzales	Gonzales	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
This distraction allows Cash to work his way through the garden and mansion, killing members of the Cerberus along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The next year, Nicklaus won his third green jacket in a grueling 18 hole playoff against Tommy Jacobs	Jacobs	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Commander of the Afrika Korps Field Marshal Erwin Rommel promised the co operation of his corps in these assignments.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
There's no one else in the universe quite like him, he's been created by these guys to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The editorial succession at Science Fantasy was as follows: Walter Gillings: Summer 1950 – Winter 1950. John	John	PROPN	Carnell	PROPN	 Carnell
These women would sit at long narrow tables, filing the planchets down to the proper weight, wearing special	special	ADJ	aprons	NOUN	 aprons
Japan has not seen another such genius. " Keene writes that The Tale of Genji continues to captivate,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
The government declared Stann Creek and Toledo districts as disaster areas, and officials declared a nighttime curfew. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
During this engagement Kongō and Haruna bombarded Henderson Field with 430 14 inch and 33 6 inch shells on 13	13	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
The Tylenol Crisis was a criminal act of product tampering; Legionnaire's Disease was a public health emergency.	.	PUNCT	Twenty	NUM	 Twenty
Blažeković held the post of commander of the USS and commander of the Ustaše Youth until January 1945, when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
While he presided in the Senate, emotions sometimes ran high, including during a debate on the Mexican border	border	NOUN	crisis	NOUN	 crisis
Winslet won an AACTA Award for Best Actress, for her performance in the film. Winslet's only release	release	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
U.S. President Caldwell assigns Fisher, his colleague Charlie Cole, CIA agent Isaac Briggs and Anna Grímsdóttir to Fourth	Fourth	PROPN	Echelon	NOUN	 Echelon
He was excited about it and he was like, ' We should re release the album. I agreed	agreed	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
On the northwestern and southern flanks, lava emission from one emission area down steep slopes form the San Antonio	Antonio	PROPN	synthem	NOUN	 synthem
Around the same time, the Nevadan orogeny built the Nevadan mountain range (also called the Ancestral Sierra Nevada	Nevada	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Another possibility would have been Oklahoma making it to the National Championship game and Texas being selected for an at	at	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
Tunnelling began in 1988, and the 50.5 kilometre (31.4 mi) tunnel was officially opened by the British	British	ADJ	sovereign	ADJ	 sovereign
At its peak intensity as it was making landfall, it had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph (130	130	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
They led overall with 53 victories to Oxford's 43 (excluding the " dead heat " of 1877)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Expansion work by the railway companies, such as the London and Blackwall Railway and Great Eastern Railway, caused	caused	VERB	large	ADJ	 large
High quality timber including sal, garjan, teak and gamar are found abundantly in the forests of Tripura.	.	PUNCT	Tata	PROPN	 Tata
Cited by Valerie Briginshaw as a symbol of American pride and " the ultimate sign of American phallic power "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
It is likely that cost cutting was also a consideration, as Lasser was paid $65 per week,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
If the tribes rejected the settlement, Gunter proposed that Congress extinguish all aboriginal title to privately held lands (	(	PUNCT	more	ADJ	more
He made his last bet, 4: 1 on High Chancellor, at the Sheepshead Bay racetrack during the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
Peck resided in an art colony in Leonia, New Jersey with her collaborator and husband, artist John Scott	Scott	PROPN	Williams	PROPN	 Williams
Upon her arrival Minotaur became flagship of the Cape of Good Hope Station under the command of Vice Admiral Herbert	Herbert	PROPN	King	PROPN	 King
Liddell recalled being inundated with requests from friends, family, and Liverpudlians in general. Some 100,000 spectators witnessed	witnessed	VERB	Arsenal	PROPN	 Arsenal
The Swiss considered the Dassault Rafale, Dassault Mirage 2000, the IAI Lavi, the Northrop F 20 Tigershark	Tigershark	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Empathy is distinguished from sympathy and active listening, pointing out how the word empathy is often confused in the	the	DET	literature	NOUN	 literature
The structure of the outer magnetosphere shows some features of a solar wind driven magnetosphere, including a significant dawn	dawn	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
He undertook it with a freshness that belied his years and revealed, as nothing else could, the vitality	vitality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They completed their end of year tour unbeaten, with record away wins over France, England and Wales.	.	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
She wrote a series of pamphlets in 1887 called Over the River, in which she appealed for funds for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The consensus is: " Tim Burton's Alice sacrifices the book's minimal narrative coherence — and much of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He joined Queens Park Rangers in January 2009 and was released at the end of the 2008 – 09 season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hasselbaink was on the verge of joining Championship side Leicester City in August 2007, but the club later withdrew	withdrew	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Karthik made only seven as India were skittled for 169. He ended the tournament with 163 runs at 32.60	32.60	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" 33 " first aired in the United Kingdom on October 18, 2004 (2004 10 18),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" In regards to the story, Salon columnist Andrew O'Hehir avouched that the " crisp " and succinct narrative	narrative	NOUN	matched	VERB	 matched
Saavedra spoke to the crowd, and then moved on to the Fort, among salvos of artillery and the	the	DET	ringing	NOUN	 ringing
In other speeches and essays, Lenin referred to Kropotkin in the early years of the war as a "	"	PUNCT	bourgeoisie	NOUN	 bourgeoisie
Sherman spoke in positive terms of the horse's finish, stating " My horse ran his eyeballs out.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
He was replaced by George Meade, who followed Lee into Pennsylvania for the Gettysburg Campaign, which was a	a	DET	victory	NOUN	 victory
Sensing that Lexie is still in love with Mark, Jackson calls off their relationship. Lexie begins working with	with	ADP	Derek	PROPN	 Derek
A state of civil disorder existed in the island's mountainous region after the invasion of the United States.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
M 121 was also used as the designation along two other roadways. In 1933, it was used for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
At TLC on December 14, Ziggler defeated Harper in a ladder match to capture his fourth Intercontinental Championship.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Finch called David " a sexist pig " and said he resented Ruth's presence almost immediately. However,	,	PUNCT	Ruth	PROPN	 Ruth
Many homes and businesses were lost, along with numerous vehicles; in the aftermath, looters entered on boats	boats	NOUN	to	PART	 to
For the background sounds, the group did things like roll screws on the floor while Schulz played piano.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fortunatus criticised Augustine's theodicy by proposing that if God gave free will to the human soul, then he	he	PRON	must	AUX	 must
He discussed the idea with Bohr, who was visiting Columbia at the time, and had independently conceived the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
For one section of the run it reached a speed of 112.5 mph (181 km / h),	,	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
Purnell helped coordinate its activities with those of the Navy. In 1945, he travelled to Tinian as the	the	DET	representative	NOUN	 representative
By the early 1960s, the Giants were receiving $175,000 a game under the NFL's television contract with	with	ADP	CBS	PROPN	 CBS
Worthington recalled Cameron told him " the Terminator to make is the one with the war ". Worthington tore	tore	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Regina says that she is not in the business of making deals with him anymore, and Gold acknowledges that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
In the field of organometallic chemistry, the X ray structure of ferrocene initiated scientific studies of sandwich compounds,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
During November 1889, the tour was forced to cancel several shows after Riley became severely inebriated at a stop	stop	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Tufts University, whose main campus is north of the city in Somerville and Medford, locates its medical and	and	CCONJ	dental	ADJ	 dental
A grace period can be granted between when the pledge is made and when someone goes to the Eternal World	World	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Queensland responded soon after with an unconverted try, and then, after some fast play, scored a second	second	ADJ	try	NOUN	 try
Several of the alternate version tracks appeared in the game during specific scenes, or were cut towards the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Strikes among mill workers began to break out during the early 1850s and Grimshaw one of the leaders, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Part of a condominium boom occurring in the city, the Murano was announced in 2005 and was developed jointly	jointly	ADV	by	ADP	 by
The winds knocked trees and tree branches into power lines, leaving 224,000 residents without power. The storm dropped	dropped	VERB	moderate	ADJ	 moderate
When the transport started, announcements of information including arriving stations were made in British English and in Cantonese.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
The fires burned discontinuously, leaping from one patch to another, leaving intervening areas untouched. Large firestorms swept	swept	VERB	through	ADP	 through
To accomplish this task, Jetman must take the bomb to the alien base — either in his space suit	suit	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Or, equivalently, it may be constructed as the intersection of three disks centered at the vertices of T	T	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In May 1993 the City of London Police confirmed a planned security cordon for the City, conceived by its	its	PRON	commissioner	NOUN	 commissioner
" Mallory said the books carry " evil themes, witchcraft, demonic activity, murder, evil blood sacrifice	sacrifice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Holland's men attacked and robbed various supporters of Lancaster at Windley including Hugh de Audley and Lancaster's wife	wife	NOUN	Alice	PROPN	 Alice
The album sold quite well in Europe, but it had limited success in the US, lurking at the	the	DET	bottom	NOUN	 bottom
In 1322 Lancaster was defeated at the Battle of Boroughbridge, and executed. Pembroke was among the Earls behind	behind	ADP	the	DET	 the
The casting process for the lead roles was exhaustive and intense; Craig faced scheduling conflicts, and a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Civilizations conduct business using currency like the one dollar coin known as a " loonie ", while several people	people	NOUN	collect	VERB	 collect
The safety measures fail and a runaway reaction follows. The faulty tanks cause the gas to start leaking,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
With the deadline approaching, the producers traveled to Johnson's home to record his lines. According to the	the	DET	San	PROPN	 San
Due to technical problems, little of the concert footage was usable, although an edited " Hear My Train	Train	NOUN	A	PRON	 A
By bribing deputies to exercise their vetoes, Poland's neighbours could derail any measures not to their liking.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Initially, the organization focused on evangelizing to strippers and erotic dancers, but later began to engage with women	women	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The twenty fifth named storm and fourteenth typhoon of the 1981 Pacific typhoon season, Irma originated from an active	active	ADJ	monsoon	NOUN	 monsoon
Primarily arranged by the French and British governments, important members of the committee also included the Soviet Union,	,	PUNCT	Fascist	PROPN	 Fascist
Twentieth Century Zoo, from Phoenix, evolved out of the Bittersweets and specialized in the style of psychedelic proto	proto	NOUN	punk	NOUN	 punk
Ivaylo is remembered as a heroic ruler and a tragic figure who represented the ideal of the " Good Tsar	Tsar	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Home never directly asked for money, although he lived very well on gifts, donations and lodging from wealthy	wealthy	ADJ	admirers	NOUN	 admirers
Mary's erotic relationships with both Ann and Henry challenge traditional conceptions of the marriage plot. Most of Mary	Mary	PROPN	's	PART	's
An offence is committed under section 44, if this is done with intent to do the same; under	under	ADP	section	NOUN	 section
With the transfer of equipment, the 76th was notionally raised to the " Higher Establishment " and assigned to	to	PART	reinforce	VERB	 reinforce
A concept called " mashing to mastery " was introduced in Ryse, in which the game's combat was	was	AUX	designed	VERB	 designed
Many of these dealt with subjects that Egyptological journals would not publish, such as the " Sa " sign	sign	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Rolling Stone was of the opinion that Jackson was now singing in a " fully adult voice " that was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Warehouses, homes, and mills were steadily added until 1861, when a fire destroyed several of the buildings	buildings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As part of that process, all new university buildings and facilities are required to achieve a minimum of Leadership	Leadership	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Boumédienne must also have offered Carlos asylum at this time and possibly financial compensation for failing to complete his assignment	assignment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Columban Murphy, a Catholic lay brother from the United Kingdom, visited King Kamehameha III in 1835 and discussed	discussed	VERB	the	DET	 the
By 1970, the system was supplemented by the Grorud- and Furuset Lines. They only operated to the eastern	eastern	ADJ	suburbs	NOUN	 suburbs
Emmerson joined Northern League Division One club Billingham Town on a one month loan. A second defeat of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
In many instances ropes were tied to the bodies of the Chinamen and they were dragged through the streets by	by	ADP	men	NOUN	 men
The Peak District National Park Authority directly owns around 5%, and other major landowners include several water companies	companies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the wake of the Hokies's defeat, Virginia Tech chose to start a new quarterback and a new	new	ADJ	offensive	ADJ	 offensive
The ears have thick fur on both the inside and outside. The back fur colour varies from light grey	grey	NOUN	to	PART	 to
However, in the parallel poem The Greene Knight, the lace is white, not green, and is	is	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
In recent years, he co starred in the comedy horror film Fright Night (2011) and the sci	sci	PROPN	fi	NOUN	 fi
If the player chooses to fulfill the promise, aside from several dream sequences, gameplay at first appears to	to	PART	continue	VERB	 continue
The motets that use canon can be roughly divided into two groups: those in which the canon is plainly	plainly	ADV	designed	VERB	 designed
He considered the game's most serious flaw to be its low number of missions. Although Atkin found the	the	DET	air	NOUN	 air
Increased levels of catecholamines and cortisol can cause a hypermetabolic state that can last for years. This is associated	associated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
After a three month siege of the fortress of Dorostolon, Sviatoslav agreed to terms with the Byzantines and withdrew	withdrew	VERB	from	ADP	 from
His early major works for the voice included The Masque at Kenilworth (1864); an oratorio, The	The	DET	Prodigal	PROPN	 Prodigal
Masahiro, Ushiroshoji, interviewer (1999), Fast moving Asian contemporary art: Tang Da Wu and his	his	PRON	works	NOUN	 works
He settled in McComb, Mississippi and attended McComb High School, where he played football, baseball, and	and	CCONJ	basketball	NOUN	 basketball
Hergé however was unhappy with this publication due to errors throughout, most egregiously that the front cover omitted his	his	PRON	name	NOUN	 name
In 1987, two other American zoologists, Robert Hershler from the National Museum of Natural History and Fred Gilbert	Gilbert	PROPN	Thompson	PROPN	 Thompson
On 13 October, he commanded part of Count Clerfayt's Corps of Observation, totaling close to 8,000 men	men	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The image has a bejeweled crown, cover around its shoulder, a diamond on its forehead and wears a	a	DET	pearl	NOUN	 pearl
The numerous tattoos on Lucas's torso were actually transfers planted on Armitage, and took a couple of hours	hours	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Johnston returned as Australia crushed Essex by an innings and 451 runs, their largest winning margin for the summer	summer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The quartet was broadcast by the BBC on 20 March 1929, but for her, the achievement was overshadowed	overshadowed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Chapter III of Part III of the ISA creates a number of criminal offences relating to security areas. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
It's fine for the artist to read and enjoy, but for accountants it was probably a very different	different	ADJ	proposition	NOUN	 proposition
The shots of male bondage are unexplained, and function as symbols of male disempowerment, just as the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Richard missed over 20 games of the 1951 – 52 season due to injury, but overcame another ailment in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon rising to power, Rajoelina dissolved the Senate and National Assembly and transferred their powers to a variety of	of	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
The bones have been intensively studied by forensic pathologists; DNA evidence showed that many of the deaths were caused	caused	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Beyond this point to the west, much of the city takes on a suburban nature. Many neighborhoods have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
His Fourth Symphony was premiered in Helsinki on 3 April 1911 by the Philharmonia Society, with Sibelius conducting.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In his document Edward provided, in case of " lack of issue of my body ", for the	the	DET	succession	NOUN	 succession
Lee gave strict orders for his army to minimize any negative impacts on the civilian population. Food, horses	horses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bush therefore nominated New Hampshire Supreme Court judge David Souter instead. The selection of Thomas to instead replace Marshall	Marshall	PROPN	preserved	VERB	 preserved
He also took " Get Happy " from the set and performed the tune " Summer Stock " -style during	during	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
From the 4th century through to the 6th century the use of talud tablero architecture became notable in the Mundo	Mundo	PROPN	Perdido	PROPN	 Perdido
He was one of the founders and for nearly twenty years an editorial contributor of the New York Independent,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The new engine and boilers were slightly lighter than their predecessors and the ship now displaced 10,105 long tons (	(	PUNCT	10,267	NUM	10,267
After her January 1914 commissioning, she assisted her sister ship Aylwin when that ship suffered an explosion in one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Such flows will overlap one another and typically move less than a few meters per hour. Lava flows with	with	ADP	high	ADJ	 high
Bach scored the cantata for four vocal soloists (soprano, alto, tenor, bass), a four	four	NUM	part	NOUN	 part
None of the annual issues of Jane's All the World's Aircraft ever mentioned the Coandă 1910 or its	its	PRON	turbo	NOUN	 turbo
Bede, in his Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum, says of Penda that he was " a most warlike man	man	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Plants convert carbon dioxide into biomass and emit oxygen into the atmosphere. By approximately 350 million years ago (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the bowmouth guitarfish as Vulnerable. It is	is	AUX	threatened	VERB	 threatened
The Cure paid tribute to Paul McCartney on the album titled The Art of McCartney, which was released on	on	ADP	18	NUM	 18
After talks on October 9 and 10, the two sides were unable to reach a deal and Stern subsequently	subsequently	ADV	canceled	VERB	 canceled
In order to qualify, the Blue Jays won tournaments in the Olympic years to represent the United States.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She is actually recording the song in a booth as a track, but the song also reveals Deena's	's	PART	growing	VERB	 growing
As he had done with the prior two Adventures, Wallez organised a publicity stunt to mark the culmination of	of	ADP	Tintin	PROPN	 Tintin
North of the interchange with the Jeffries Freeway, the combined I 96 / I 275 curves to the east	east	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The lyrics are heavily influenced by the short story Nyarlathotep by American horror fiction writer H.P. Lovecraft, even borrowing	borrowing	VERB	a	DET	 a
That year, an estimated $2 million had gone to the refugees via UNICEF before the IRS audit of	of	ADP	Apple	PROPN	 Apple
In 1947 Avon Books launched the Avon Fantasy Reader, a series of fantasy anthologies in digest format, edited	edited	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After a suggestion made by the wife of the film's producer, Dassin cast Carl Möhner as Jo the	the	DET	Swede	PROPN	 Swede
Located near the Principality's capital of Andravida and the chief port of Glarentza, Chlemoutsi played a central role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The opening credits of the episode saw the series ' usual tagline of " The truth is out there "	"	PUNCT	replaced	VERB	 replaced
The third generation iPad is compatible with iOS 7, which was released in 2013. Although complete support,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
Adelaide's population was set to increase to 1.3 million and the MATS plan and water storage schemes were in	in	ADP	planning	VERB	 planning
In the same month, Pećanac sought permission from the Italians for his forces to move into eastern Montenegro,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He also advocated the player's option to freely choose their own party member classes at the beginning of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The nineteenth century British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace described its flesh as " a rich custard highly flavoured with almonds	almonds	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The main highway of the Gaza Strip, Salah al Din Road (the modern Via Maris) runs through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
McKechnie never publicly revealed what Willard Hershberger said to him during their meeting the day before: " It had	had	VERB	nothing	PRON	 nothing
" Historian Harold Schonberg argues that " the exoticisms of the Bohemian musical language were not in the Western musical	musical	ADJ	consciousness	NOUN	 consciousness
I mean, like a real person, with real feelings, such as self pity and a desperate urge	urge	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
When Montgomery was 13, he played drums in his parents ' band, Harold Montgomery and the Country River	River	PROPN	Express	PROPN	 Express
After the collapse of Han, a period of disunion known as the period of the Three Kingdoms followed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Big Four ultimately chose to withdraw from the AAHA, and operated as an independent league in 1920 –	–	PUNCT	21	NUM	 21
Filming took place in Los Angeles in January 2006. The action is set in the present day, across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jason Birchmeier commented that " while only a couple of the new versions depart stylistically from the originals, the	the	DET	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
In 1982 Boycott and Graham Stevenson added a record 149 runs for Yorkshire's tenth wicket against Warwickshire, Stevenson	Stevenson	PROPN	scoring	VERB	 scoring
The Hutchinsons had been friendly to them but, following their mistreatment by the Dutch, these natives ravaged the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The Western Chalukya era was one of substantial literary activity in the native Kannada, and Sanskrit. In a	a	DET	golden	ADJ	 golden
On December 1, 2015, the PMDT announced it would cease further development of Project M, effective immediately	immediately	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
This also relocated the Boston and White Plains Post roads to a new alignment along Third Avenue and Boston Road	Road	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At this critical juncture, the Meccan cavalry led by Khalid ibn al Walid exploited this move and attacked the	the	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
Other popular sports are field hockey, badminton, tennis, squash and golf. Ahmedabad currently has three golf	golf	NOUN	courses	NOUN	 courses
The Cassin class, the first of the thousand tonners, displaced about a third more than the preceding Paulding	Paulding	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
Helms responded by slapping Lawler, who hit Helms back. This confrontation led to Lawler defeating Helms in a	a	DET	match	NOUN	 match
Against Sussex, each of Middlesex's top four batsmen scored centuries; in addition to Lee's 119 runs	runs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Due to winter temperatures, the water soon froze. Despite the conditions, the paper was produced on time	time	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Tilden was ambiguous about his willingness to participate in another campaign, leading some delegates to defect to other candidates	candidates	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Richard's supporters reacted angrily to Campbell: he received several death threats and, upon taking his customary seat	seat	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Around the same time, Pinto began going to auditions for films and television shows. She was chosen to	to	PART	host	VERB	 host
" The interior of the Prometheus was built across a two level structure, fronted by a large, faceted	faceted	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
According to Ratnam, the film was " memorable for its script, high standard and realism. " The	The	DET	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
The Jesuits were stopped by the hostile Payaguá and Guaycuru tribes, and by the impenetrable swamps of Jarayes.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
At around 07: 00, Exeter returned to the engagement, firing from her stern turret. Admiral Graf	Graf	PROPN	Spee	PROPN	 Spee
The plan spanned 3 years, and cost no less than one percent of the province or municipality's budget	budget	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The primary method of transmission reflects the prevalence of chronic HBV infection in a given area. In low prevalence	prevalence	NOUN	areas	NOUN	 areas
Elsa has become very popular in the cosplaying community. One of the best cosplayers currently, Anna Faith,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
He won the Pulitzer Prize in Poetry for his 1947 long poem The Age of Anxiety, the title of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
After a trial that lasted for three days, the jury deliberated for 8 hours before returning a not guilty	guilty	ADJ	verdict	NOUN	 verdict
The theater, which is largely underground due to Grant Park related height restrictions, was named for its primary	primary	ADJ	benefactors	NOUN	 benefactors
Any (lunatic) person found wandering at large or not under proper care and control could be brought before	before	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Their first EP was released in December 2010 on Planet Mu Records. In an interview with Blare Magazine Omar	Omar	PROPN	Rodriguez	PROPN	 Rodriguez
Following her friends in Kensington society, Olivia opened her home once a week for a salon, beginning an	an	DET	important	ADJ	 important
The entire grade of the city was raised some 17 feet (5 m) behind the wall to several	several	ADJ	feet	NOUN	 feet
Like many morel species, the ecological mode of Morchella populiphila is not known with certainty, but it is	is	AUX	suspected	VERB	 suspected
Although local religious practices were not interrupted, the fact that Latin Christians were in power tended to favor Latin	Latin	PROPN	Christianity	PROPN	 Christianity
1665, which depicts a primeval scene with broken birches and oaks, and branches reaching for the sky amidst	amidst	ADP	an	DET	 an
However, he felt that the similarity between several songs — including " Mirage ", " Ace of Hz	Hz	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The police restrain him and Homer is admitted to the hospital. At the hospital, Marge tells Bart she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
It was written by Steve Robson, Claude Kelly and Wayne Hector and was produced by Robson. " Just	Just	ADV	a	DET	 a
While he fought for the adoption of many Rugby School customs — such as a free kick for marking,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In five years, global sales of highway legal light duty plug in electric vehicles have increased more than ten	ten	NUM	fold	NOUN	 fold
ERT received 229,368 televotes and SMS texts of which 152,269 votes came in for the song " My Number One	One	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
Students from the SAIC protested on Columbus Drive the next day, holding signs that asked drivers to " honk	honk	VERB	for	ADP	 for
During the following lap, while both drivers were lapping Zonta, Häkkinen moved to the outside lane to pass	pass	VERB	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
I Am America is considered a pure extension of the Report; the written medium allowed the writers to employ	employ	VERB	different	ADJ	 different
After graduating from high school in 1998, she enrolled in both a professional wrestling school and Canisius College in	in	ADP	Buffalo	PROPN	 Buffalo
It was first published in hardcover on December 16, 2004 by Oxford University Press. Taylor reviews the history	history	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The State Government approved the plans in November 1987 and the construction contract was awarded to Multiplex. Construction on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Dram shop and social host litigation may involve both compensatory and punitive damages. There is a 2 year statute	statute	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kautilya (c. 370 – 283 BCE), in his Sanskrit work Arthashastra, mentions the “ easy to	to	PART	travel	VERB	 travel
When Homer finds out about this, he decides to get rich by group writing a fantasy novel. He	He	PRON	recruits	VERB	 recruits
Pretorius stepped down as President in November 1871. In the 1872 election Kruger's preferred candidate, William Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Because what is very clear is that legislation in the name of " gender equality " does not actually make	make	VERB	men	NOUN	 men
In 1998, he was made Chevalier (Knight) of the Légion d'honneur, France's highest decoration.	.	PUNCT	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
Users often do so by accessing their NetNavis via a " PET (PErsonal information Terminal) " device.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The cruise lasted from mid August 1913 to mid March 1914. Hertha had a short career during World War	War	PROPN	I.	PROPN	 I.
He said it also enabled them to work at their own pace, hence the four year gap between releases	releases	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The aerosols built up caused a cooling effect in the Northern Hemisphere. The consequences for Iceland were catastrophic,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In 1143, Nigel became involved in a quarrel with the powerful Henry of Blois. Charges of depriving a	a	DET	priest	NOUN	 priest
" Archaeological testing at a number of sites in the Norte Chico region of the north central coast provides a	a	DET	broad	ADJ	 broad
Tankersley later described herself as a friend of Senator Joseph McCarthy, and in 1952 she advocated for the removal	removal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Undergraduate admission is determined by the University of the Philippines College Admission Test (UPCAT). Examinees that select	select	VERB	UPLB	PROPN	 UPLB
In August 1970, Kennedy introduced a bipartisan bill for universal national health insurance with no cost sharing, paid	paid	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The songs parodied during the third segment are: " I Want Candy " by The Strangeloves, performed by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The restricted nature of the CDC campus meant that producers were only allowed to shoot exterior scenes of the area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thomas was an immensely powerful English baron, the second richest man in England after the King, with major	major	ADJ	land	NOUN	 land
The stipe attachment is adnate or arcuate, but later develops a pronounced decurrent tooth. The decurrent tooth occasionally	occasionally	ADV	separates	VERB	 separates
Headquarters were established in Washington, D.C. and a campaign was launched to help inform players of their rights.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Kishi had proposed a new " visual combat system " to be employed in the film rather than the one	one	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Their trips were made without the benefit of modern lightweight equipment, freeze dried foods, sunblock, or radios	radios	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Beyond this, there is a junction with IKEA and the Neasden temple to the southeast, and the road	road	NOUN	runs	VERB	 runs
People who have one abnormal copy (are heterozygous) of the LDLR gene may develop cardiovascular disease prematurely at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The execution of Antequera disheartened some of the leading citizens of Asunción, because not only was Antequera executed,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Green Creek rises near Waller and heads roughly south to Rohrsburg and on to Orangeville, where it joins Fishing	Fishing	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
He said that he could " tailor the frequency responses and dynamics within each song with optimum equalizer at every	every	DET	pitch	NOUN	 pitch
The idea of exclusive care or exclusive attachment to a preferred figure, rather than a hierarchy (subsequently thought	thought	VERB	to	PART	 to
The 22nd Armoured Brigade (the armoured component of the 7th Armoured Division) was scheduled to land during the	the	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
" According to Atack, these occurrences are not mentioned in the diary that Hubbard kept of his trip.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
Bill O'Reilly, another former Australian player working as a journalist, said Hutton seemed to be struggling with concentration	concentration	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The procedure is somewhat similar to an epidural and is used when conventional methods have failed. The Racz procedure	procedure	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Episodes are finished in California, where they are edited and have music added. Every season, character designs	designs	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Rebecca Anderson competed with a platform of " American Red Cross: Red for Life " and a vocal performance	performance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Unicorn joined the escort carriers of Force V in August at Gibraltar before they moved forward to the Central Mediterranean	Mediterranean	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Walt Disney himself first attempted to adapt the fairy tale " Rapunzel " into a feature length animated film during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
One of the shots in the April Air Force Base was filmed at a sound stage in Los Angeles.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The single's cover showed the torso and thighs of an animated character resembling Tank Girl and featured the tracks	tracks	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Oliver was displeased by the news, but Chrissie had no expectations that he should provide for her. Her	Her	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
On the city's north side the Youngstown Steel Heritage Foundation is constructing the Tod Engine Heritage Park, featuring	featuring	VERB	a	DET	 a
Critics praised the film, and Photoplay's reviewer stated that Lombard had reaffirmed her talent for the genre.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The nearest commercial airline service for the city is operated out of Houston through William P. Hobby Airport and George	George	PROPN	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
Between the galaxy and the observer, light travels through vast regions of expanding space. As a result,	,	PUNCT	all	DET	 all
It was established in 2009 following the death of Neda Agha Soltan, an Iranian philosophy student, in the	the	DET	street	NOUN	 street
In addition, the suspension of the Indian Hockey Federation in April 2008 also indicated the film's influence.	.	PUNCT	India	PROPN	 India
Eastwood responded to critics of American Sniper by saying his film was " the biggest anti war statement any film	film	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Magnesium was not commonly used by battery manufacturers of the time due to its very high price (unlike today	today	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Training camp rosters are allowed to swell to 68. The current team is led at quarterback by Ricky Ray	Ray	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1446 much of this work was damaged when the spire was struck by lightning, and fell, causing	causing	VERB	damage	NOUN	 damage
Following the comic reboot, Cheese continued to accompany Cream while Chocola was revealed to live with her mother Vanilla	Vanilla	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
While still at sea, the storm produced high waves along the Pacific coast in the Baja California Peninsula;	;	PUNCT	Cabo	PROPN	 Cabo
A long running series regular, Mavis appeared in the show for 26 years from 1971 to 1997. Introduced	Introduced	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Around 70 people attended the meeting and Rolt proposed the formation of a committee to look into the acquisition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the 1980s Bulgaria was known as the " Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc " because of its large	large	ADJ	scale	NOUN	 scale
As Caroline largely profited off the income from the colony, she became known as La reine du Congo (	(	PUNCT	“	PUNCT	“
Treatment depends on the infectious agent and generally involves the use of antibiotic therapy. If there is no improvement	improvement	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
The Assembly published a protest, provoking the Commons to charge it with breach of privilege and to submit nine	nine	NUM	questions	NOUN	 questions
Inadvertently straying into Kazon Ogla space, he is attacked by a young Kazon (Aron Eisenberg as Kar)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
As with Mariah Carey the previous year, Carey did not embark on a tour to promote the album,	,	PUNCT	due	ADP	 due
Palmer ultimately left Barney's side for Greece and eventually married Angelos Sikelianos. Their relationship did not survive this	this	DET	turn	NOUN	 turn
The central government, frustrated with Cabo Rojo's inefficiency, demanded the pirates ' capture and western Puerto Rico	Rico	PROPN	military	ADJ	 military
Under Wilhelm II, Germany, like other European powers, took an imperialistic course, leading to friction with	with	ADP	neighbouring	NOUN	 neighbouring
In September 1935, he moved to the Sheffield Repertory Theatre to appear in Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary	Contrary	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The FTC did not impose any sanctions. As of 2014, it has 81 million viewers and is broadcast	broadcast	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Historian John Fiske suggests that Philip's purpose was not to draw the Iroquois into the conflict, but instead	instead	ADV	to	PART	 to
Her ears are ugly and rough; her breasts hang down. In one of her trembling hands, she	she	PRON	holds	VERB	 holds
Whiteside appeared in eight games, batting.120. He was designated for assignment on June 22 when Castillo returned from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, there were also other groups like Groupe G which, though without an obvious political affiliation, recruited	recruited	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Walker is the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's historian and his book is the first detailed historical analysis since the accident	accident	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Stories about cow tipping tend to be second hand, he says, told by someone who does not	not	PART	claim	VERB	 claim
" The cover's art direction was handled by Cudi himself. In December 2013, it would be named	named	VERB	the	DET	 the
Structure 6 (or Structure VI) is on the west side of the Central Plaza and, together with	with	ADP	Structures	PROPN	 Structures
Several of these recording sessions have been preserved, and were reissued in 1998. For the complete list see	see	VERB	List	NOUN	 List
) He added that, " In blackening Stalin, the enemies are not concerned about him as a person	person	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was released on October 4, 2013, by RCA Records. Opting to re establish her music career	career	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
A separate business within the same company manufactures salt from brine transported by pipeline from the saltfields of central Cheshire	Cheshire	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" The style of music played by Catatonia changed slightly over time. Adrian Thrills of the Daily Mail said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Lasance said he was glad Aden was not killed off because it was a " realisation of his potential "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The name " Turtle Rock " derived from the name of a neighbourhood where Booth lived. The team eventually	eventually	ADV	expanded	VERB	 expanded
France and the United Kingdom were the only countries to develop fleets of wooden steam screw battleships, although several	several	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
It has also been suggested that Ölvir may be an ancestor of the MacLeods. Until quite recently, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
These exceptions were included as a result of lobbying by the publishing industry, and the fear that the need	need	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 1562 many Székelys took up arms against John II Sigismund, but they were defeated. The Saxon towns	towns	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
This caused the game to receive much hype from the media and fans. Having won two games in a	a	DET	row	NOUN	 row
On the return voyage to Germany, Admiral Scheer stopped at Gibraltar on the morning of 25 August 1936.	.	PUNCT	Marschall	PROPN	 Marschall
R Aurigae, with a period of 457.5 days, ranges in magnitude from a minimum of 13.9 to a	a	DET	maximum	NOUN	 maximum
It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or	or	CCONJ	events	NOUN	 events
In 1923, pre 1927 Route 18S was created along the current alignment of US 40 east of the Route	Route	PROPN	48	NUM	 48
[For them], Kali is a symbol of wholeness and healing, associated especially with repressed female power	power	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The memberships of the eight AKAs who filed the complaint were revoked by the sorority but later forced to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
A caution for the spin, minimized the time Sullivan would lose to Andretti by pitting to replace 20 laps	laps	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Bishop Walter attended at least five meetings of the Scottish national parliament during his episcopate. He was present at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
This will be the second episode to highlight Gaga's music, the first one being season one's "	"	PUNCT	Theatricality	NOUN	 Theatricality
" In early August, the Ürümqi government announced that 83 individuals had been " officially " arrested in connection	connection	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
On December 19, 1910, Tenney signed a two year contract with the Boston Rustlers. For the 1911	1911	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Peregrines defending their nests have managed to kill raptors as large as golden eagles and bald eagles (both of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The film received positive reviews from Toronto Star and Variety following its 56 minute premiere at the 2007 Cannes Film	Film	PROPN	Festival	PROPN	 Festival
He focused on solo albums such as White City: A Novel (1985), The Iron Man (	(	PUNCT	1989	NUM	1989
Charles Tallman, an End who achieved All American status with the Mountaineers in 1923 with the Mountaineers, replaced	replaced	VERB	Neale	PROPN	 Neale
For that reason, it uses a separate contracting entity, the Georgia Tech Applied Research Corporation (GTARC)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
This station was to have additional platforms on the new branch line which would head west under Knightsbridge, Kensington	Kensington	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
An alternative interpretation is that " Beinn Nibheis " derives from " beinn nèamh bhathais ", from " nèamh	nèamh	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Since the emergence of Peter Crouch in the England squad, the possibility of a recall receded further. Heskey	Heskey	PROPN	's	PART	's
The game's release has been regarded as important in the history of the console RPG. Kohler noted that	that	SCONJ	Toriyama	PROPN	 Toriyama
Yardley then brought on the part time left arm unorthodox spin of Compton, and himself, in an attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Back on the Titanic, Captain Hardaker dismisses the ship's officers from the bridge. Citing regulations, that	that	PRON	require	VERB	 require
After 15: 00 an airstrike was called in to dislodge the surviving Chinese in front of D Company.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
MDNA (2012) largely focused in electronic dance music, which she has embraced since Ray of Light.	.	PUNCT	Possessing	VERB	 Possessing
There is also a Capture the Flag mode. All modes are team based and there are no free for	for	ADP	alls	NOUN	 alls
Poland's neighbors were preoccupied with wars and unable to intervene forcibly in Polish affairs. Russian Empire and Archduchy	Archduchy	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
By 14: 00 the 4th Parachute Brigade was no further forward. With casualties mounting, Brigadier Hackett asked	asked	VERB	General	PROPN	 General
Trooper Robertson returned to Wilson with Borrow, giving the patrol a total of 37 men, including its officers	officers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ahead of the 2008 – 09 season, Stevenage manager Graham Westley sent Morison to a training camp whereby he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The soundtrack was recorded at Air Studios in London and released by Walt Disney Records on July 19, 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Upon forming, the depression possessed a small, tight low level circulation beneath a well defined mid level circulation	circulation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Rose is re united with the Doctor near the climax of " The Stolen Earth ". Director Graeme Harper	Harper	PROPN	insisted	VERB	 insisted
Rare then developed Diddy Kong Racing, their first self published game. Originally intended as a real time strategy	strategy	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
One of these adaptations is a " rete mirabile " (Latin for " wonderful net "). This	This	DET	close	ADJ	 close
At the time, it was the largest majority obtained by any candidate in a Kentucky election. Post war	war	NOUN	Kentucky	PROPN	 Kentucky
Further stones were removed in the 17th century, so that by the beginning of the 18th century the abbey	abbey	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Matt Conner of CCM Magazine gave Revelation four and a half out of five stars, opining that " The	The	DET	production	NOUN	 production
Martino haughtily rejected the demands and accelerated construction, but now his deposed brother Benedetto lodged a complaint with the	the	DET	emperor	NOUN	 emperor
The building's southern elevation has wooden windows with 12 over 12 double hung sashes on brick window sills.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Heading into his junior year, Latos improved his training regimen and diet. He pitched to a 7 –	–	SYM	4	NUM	 4
On 1 January 1939, the Germans made military Enigma even more difficult to break by increasing the number of	of	ADP	plugboard	ADJ	 plugboard
On economic issues, he supports long term deficit reduction efforts to ensure economic prosperity, Cap and Trade taxation	taxation	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The book agitated him. " The Diary of a Seducer " he regarded as the fancies of an unclean	unclean	ADJ	imagination	NOUN	 imagination
The producers chose the latter and paid Malick $250,000 to write a screenplay. Malick began adapting The Thin	Thin	ADJ	Red	PROPN	 Red
A cycling legend says that he decided to stop, entered a bar and ordered a bottle of wine,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Added to their already weak political position, Arab leaders reached a consensus in 1972 that a diplomatic solution to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
On January 14, 2008, the seven Applicant cities returned documents, known as the Application Files, containing	containing	VERB	the	DET	 the
This may be compared with galactic hydroxyl masers in star forming regions, where the 1665 MHz line is typically	typically	ADV	strongest	ADJ	 strongest
Further online tie ins were launched, including an online game and a competition to win a gorilla suit,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
In 2011 Alex Paterson teamed up with electronic producer Gaudi and vocalist Chester for the creation of their experimental and	and	CCONJ	ongoing	ADJ	 ongoing
He was runner up in the fourth event on the UK tour for the 1997 / 1998 season and,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The existence of gods is not rejected, but may be designated unnecessary or useless; gods neither provide purpose	purpose	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The fort gave its name to today's Fort Road, and it used to stand on the grounds of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Leningrad citizens who could not fit into the hall gathered around open windows and loudspeakers. The musicians onstage were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Although many Democratic Klan members initially supported the 1932 presidential campaign of Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Klan later officially	officially	ADV	turned	VERB	 turned
DeMeritt actually walked on his hands and played all scenes where he walked awkwardly or fell over. The head	head	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Patronage of the parish subsequently transferred through a number of landholding families, vesting by the 17th century with the	the	DET	prominent	ADJ	 prominent
As of 2014, Ahmedabad's estimated gross domestic product was $119 billion. Ahmedabad has been selected as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
The highway was named in 1976 for Truth in honor of her local connections to the area. Part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In late April, Architects supported The Devil Wears Prada and Whitechapel on a six day tour of South America	America	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Named for the West African river, she was built before the outbreak of World War II and was the	the	DET	penultimate	ADJ	 penultimate
Poppy decides to spend the rest of Christmas with her family, and while she is gone, Fatboy buys	buys	VERB	food	NOUN	 food
The performance earned unanimous praise from the assembled press: " Words are wanting to express the exquisite delight it	it	PRON	afforded	VERB	 afforded
Squires and Musgrave praised the variability between running, swinging, climbing and free falling; the former stated,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
(e.g. Tamura, Atsumori) Katsura mono (鬘物, wig plays) or onna mono (女物,	,	PUNCT	woman	NOUN	 woman
Phillips and Lloyd were thought of as a pair, both playing along similar lines and sharing the work of	of	ADP	scrum	NOUN	 scrum
He was not complimentary of the B sides that accompanied it. Stephen Thomas Erlewine, also of Allmusic,	,	PUNCT	had	VERB	 had
They are currently found in twenty two states in the U.S., and those populations are protected under state,	,	PUNCT	federal	ADJ	 federal
All of the German ships proved to be very low on fuel after their journey and fuel oil was transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" He found the self referential ending " fails to become clever and instead just seems silly. " However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Pearson and Morant argued in the 1930s that the originally understood position — traditionally, Bradshaw's head was in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hermann: Giving the exact date and time of the attack. Dorothea: Indicating a delay in the attack	attack	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With Mrs. Midnight, Smart challenges the traditional social order found in 18th century England. However, some,	,	PUNCT	like	ADP	 like
In 2014, the song re entered the Spanish Charts two years after its first appearance and reached a new	new	ADJ	peak	NOUN	 peak
The club ended the campaign second in the league, 18 points behind Manchester United. Arsenal exited both domestic	domestic	ADJ	cup	NOUN	 cup
Continual strikes activate the change for a Fatal Strike, which kills normal enemies and heavily damages bosses. Landing	Landing	VERB	successive	ADJ	 successive
The building work proved very expensive, however, and despite the mayor and bailiffs enforcing contributions and assistance from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Killebrew also had defensive difficulties at third base, where he played behind veteran Eddie Yost. When Killebrew's	's	PART	bonus	NOUN	 bonus
Barney's attitudes during World War II have been controversial. In 1937, Una, Lady Troubridge had complained	complained	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Allmusic's Eduardo Rivadavia mentioned that the album was full of " bite sized songs " which are combination of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The family moved into a house on Varadi Avenue in Brantford seven months after Wayne was born, chosen partly	partly	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
Joseph increased her teaching commitments by often deputising for Holst, both at James Allen's and at SPGS.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Generally, treatment is not diagnostic or curative, although the patient may choose some treatment options intended to prolong	prolong	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
The seventh named storm of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season, Maria formed out of a tropical depression over the	the	DET	open	ADJ	 open
In 1997, only two years after winning their second consecutive division title, the Flames missed the playoffs and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
" Poet John Greenleaf Whittier, in his work Journal of Margaret Smith, called Bradstreet " so wrought up	up	ADP	that	SCONJ	 that
He opened one of Orlando's first bars after the end of Prohibition. He also returned to baseball.	.	PUNCT	Tinker	PROPN	 Tinker
Internationally, " My First Kiss " entered the Australian charts at number twenty five. After steadily ascending the	the	DET	charts	NOUN	 charts
This contrasts with another couple on the opposite panel who face Hell; the woman is hunched over as the	the	DET	man	NOUN	 man
Two popular link protocols for local area networks (LANs) also appeared in the 1970s. A patent for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 1967, the group spent time in St. Louis, where a Los Angeles based recording executive discovered them	them	PRON	;	PUNCT	;
Lazenby's voice is more suave than sexy sinister and he could pass for the other fellow's twin on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Andy Kellman of AllMusic selected the song as one of the album's highlights, noting that it has "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
On 21 April that year, Rejtan, in a dramatic gesture at the Sejm, is said to have	have	AUX	bared	VERB	 bared
French composer Claude Debussy drew inspiration for his music from the prints of Hokusai and Horoshige, most prominently in	in	ADP	La	PROPN	 La
It had a huge but poorly performing asset portfolio, associated with a depressed share price. The stock market	market	NOUN	value	NOUN	 value
After its inclusion on her second remix album as a bonus acoustic track on Enamorada de Ti (2012)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
It is awarded for gallantry " in the face of the enemy " to members of the British armed forces	forces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As Cousy put it: " We would get tired in the end and could not get the ball.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
James contrasted the temple's biblically epic destruction with the more effective and quiet conversation between the Joneses at the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
In 1868 / 1869 Edward Drinker Cope proposed a family Scelidosauridae in a double lecture but this was only published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
These included a number of medieval theological teachings, but most importantly the physical treatises of Aristotle. The investigations	investigations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The inquiry found contradictory information in the NSPCC's files. One file said that Climbié's case was "	"	PUNCT	accepted	VERB	 accepted
As Bailey's description more closely matched Dixon's findings (that these variants were only partly and not completely	completely	ADV	hairless	ADJ	 hairless
It is also possible that Desmatosuchus was present in Africa, as fossils have been found from the Zarzaitine Series	Series	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The promotional EP Big Bright Cherry was released in 1994 and included three tracks from the Hot Boxing recording sessions	sessions	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) are 40 – 85 by 6 – 8 µm and end	end	VERB	abruptly	ADV	 abruptly
Critic Will Hermes views Jamie xx as a more prominent contributor on Coexist than on xx and comments that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
I 87 veers slightly westward to avoid the village, and in doing so it meets US 11 at exit	exit	NOUN	42	NUM	 42
His whistling throws, which seemed to clear the grass by no more than half a foot, never seemed	seemed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Rommel believed that the Normandy coast could be a possible landing point for the invasion, so he ordered the	the	DET	construction	NOUN	 construction
Sites in eastern Iowa appeared to nucleate, vacating much of the hinterlands. Western Iowa appears to have been	been	AUX	not	PART	 not
Due to its inaccessibility and the distance from Pitcairn Island, Ducie is rarely visited today. The island was	was	AUX	discovered	VERB	 discovered
As the weather precluded a landing on the island, it was decided that Komet and Kulmerland would go to	to	ADP	Ailinglaplap	PROPN	 Ailinglaplap
Despite the accompanying economic growth and rise in living standards, Bo's tenure in Dalian has sometimes been criticized	criticized	VERB	as	ADP	 as
This deep thrust completely separated Fröhlich from the rest of the Army of the Upper Rhine. Latour and Sztáray	Sztáray	PROPN	tried	VERB	 tried
The phalangeal formula, which states the number of finger bones in each finger starting from the first, was	was	AUX	2	NUM	 2
Another mite, Aceria pseudoplatani causes a ' sycamore felt gall ' on the underside of leaves of both sycamore	sycamore	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Because of its role as a specialist court, circuit splits rarely exist between the Federal Circuit and other	other	ADJ	circuit	NOUN	 circuit
" In early October 2011, TV Guide reported that actor Brad Dourif would be making a guest appearance as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
A bull can only be registered in the Herd book if it has no other white than the belt.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By the time you get to ' Like a Virgin ' and ' 4 Minutes ', the songs sound	sound	VERB	overproduced	ADJ	 overproduced
The Sa ' iqa were assigned the objective of hampering reserves en route from Israel. The helicopters left the	the	DET	range	NOUN	 range
The music video for " Give It Away " was made by French fashion photographer and director Stéphane Sednaoui.	.	PUNCT	Kiedis	PROPN	 Kiedis
They were successful, but narrowly, as Cornell was nominated for governor by a vote of 234 – 216	216	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Peter Gabriel performed the song during the 2006 Winter Olympics opening ceremony. Since 2005, " Imagine " has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
American fans online began calling Gretzky a " crybaby "; defenders said he was merely borrowing a page from	from	ADP	former	ADJ	 former
This culminated in Blackmore calling a rehearsal session without Gillan. After an acrimonious argument, Glover told Gillan,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Mandela's administration was also perceived as having failed to deal with the problem of corruption. Further problems were	were	AUX	caused	VERB	 caused
Before leaving the United Kingdom, she was present at the Fleet Review at Spithead for the Diamond Jubilee of	of	ADP	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
Veelers set a time of 7 ' 47 " for the course – which was near identical to the 2004	2004	NUM	prologue	NOUN	 prologue
Luger was eventually entered into the match, although The Great Kabuki and Genichiro Tenryu were also entered, on	on	ADP	Mr.	PROPN	 Mr.
The most distinguished Byzantine admiral of the period was Himerios, the logothetēs tou dromou. Appointed admiral in 904	904	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, he decided to play the song to American R & B singer Keyshia Cole, who liked the	the	DET	beat	NOUN	 beat
In the 1973 state election, the LM largely ran a separate campaign from the LCL as a whole.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In mid April 1991, Gojko Šušak, a Croatian government minister and hardline nationalist, personally fired three Armbrust	Armbrust	PROPN	shoulder	NOUN	 shoulder
After a one year rest, the headquarters of the 10th Mountain Division was deployed to Iraq for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Losing sight of the squadron, Johnson and his wingman proceeded inland at 3,000 feet after spotting three aircraft.	.	PUNCT	Turning	VERB	 Turning
Additionally, on April 1, 2011, Square Enix published a vinyl record version of the album. This	This	DET	version	NOUN	 version
The rest of song is identical to the album version although it does not include the brief keyboard noises at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The only effort expended is in the turns at the top and bottom of every such loop. This maneuver	maneuver	NOUN	allows	VERB	 allows
Most of the damage resulting from Alice was caused by heavy rain in the inland areas of Texas, Tamaulipas	Tamaulipas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
They did not teach the Greek that was fundamental to the new Humanist scholarship, focusing on metaphysics, and	and	CCONJ	putting	VERB	 putting
Burke's final title victory came in the summer of 1990, when he defeated Ron Starr to win the	the	DET	AGPW	PROPN	 AGPW
At the end of 2009 Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray finished as the ATP's top four players	players	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
They departed Iceland, taking " a great deal of money abroad with him ", and reached Norway in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Redding follows the chord changes mostly by playing the root with occasional passing notes, while Mitchell heightens the tension	tension	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Her three bladed propellers were 10 feet 6 inches (3.20 m) in diameter on the inner shafts while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
From 2013, the league generates €2.2 billion per year in domestic and international television rights. Premier League	League	PROPN	clubs	NOUN	 clubs
Gold and additional secondary items can be found by defeating enemies and opening treasure chests. With gold, players	players	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Former CBS executive Mike Dann left commercial television to become vice president of the CTW and Cooney's assistant,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
By chance he ordered cockles for lunch and the smell brought back a memory of the seaside town of Morecambe	Morecambe	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
On January 12, the group stumbled into a Miwok camp looking so deteriorated that the Native Americans initially fled	fled	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He was a lifelong pious Methodist. In 1852, the family moved from Niles to Poland, Ohio so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
" Gilmour and Waters repeatedly said that they had no plans to reunite with the surviving former members. Barrett	Barrett	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
As stipulated, the IOC granted them the right to use the Olympic rings on their candidature emblem, together	together	ADV	with	ADP	 with
The council was not reconstituted before the District of Keewatin was ceded back to the Northwest Territories in 1905.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
It was followed by " Starlight " and " Supermassive Black Hole ". " Starlight " was their most	most	ADV	popular	ADJ	 popular
Rabid wolves usually act alone, travelling large distances and often biting large numbers of people and domestic animals.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
The drink's anonymity outside Canada has come in spite of concerted marketing efforts. Producers of clam tomato juices	juices	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
" Small Victories " and the SG 1 season 4 finale " Exodus " were nominated for a 2001 Emmy	Emmy	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
This study also indicated that the location of the garden shown on the maps is in a dry and rocky	rocky	ADJ	environment	NOUN	 environment
On 16 February, he was sent off for the first time in his career after seeing two yellow cards	cards	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 21, 1998 to October 31, 2001, with the	the	DET	chapters	NOUN	 chapters
Similar to the previous game, Dan's health is determined by a single health bar, which reduces when	when	SCONJ	Dan	PROPN	 Dan
On September 11, 2007, Harper visited Australia and addressed its parliament. On January 20, 2014,	,	PUNCT	Harper	PROPN	 Harper
D.C. United won the MLS Cup in three of the league's first four seasons. The league added its	its	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
In 2005, a DualDisc release included the original album, a digital remastering in 5.1 Surround Sound and LPCM	LPCM	PROPN	Stereo	PROPN	 Stereo
Shortly after the events of Baldur's Gate, the hero and companions are overcome and taken captive. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The idea came directly from his aversion to seeing the Hollywood formula of " the little blonde girl who goes	goes	VERB	into	ADP	 into
A reviewer for Billboard noted that with this album, Higgins was trying to broaden her market and said that	that	SCONJ	On	ADP	 On
ARCHER did not locate Mr. Fossett, but was instrumental in uncovering eight previously uncharted crash sites in the high	high	ADJ	desert	NOUN	 desert
That summer, he saw fast bowler Michael Holding take 14 wickets in the 1976 Oval Test match, a	a	DET	performance	NOUN	 performance
A fourth repetition is, rather radically for its time, spared by showing the kidnapper's return to her	her	PRON	room	NOUN	 room
On his return to Britain, Le Mesurier returned to acting, although he initially struggled for work, finding	finding	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Indeed, Van Dijk did not reach the podium in any event. In spite of her disappointing performance in	in	ADP	Pruszków	PROPN	 Pruszków
That's one thing. Number two, why was this person, this one of the six around to	to	PART	commit	VERB	 commit
The Florida Marlins signed Bautista on June 21, 2000, and assigned him to the Gulf Coast Marlins,	,	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
Interpretation of this figure varies; while some suggest that he express his interest and support for the Constitution,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including one Grammy Award, one MOBO Awards, one	one	NUM	Stellar	PROPN	 Stellar
On 13 November 2010, they played their last concert, signifying their disbandment. In November the following year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In October 2009, the final action scenes of the climax involving Karthi and Milind Soman were filmed in Mumbai	Mumbai	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
DiCaprio's performance in The Departed was applauded by critics and earned him a Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor	Actor	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In its review of Nothing, Allmusic describes Meshuggah as " masterminds of cosmic calculus metal — call it Einstein	Einstein	PROPN	metal	NOUN	 metal
James said he " put himself in harms way " to save Nicole. In 2009, James told Inside	Inside	ADP	Soap	PROPN	 Soap
This classification is still used, except that the bamboo lemurs were moved back to Lemuridae. From the 1970s	1970s	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Megan Hilty and original Broadway standby Eden Espinosa were Glinda and Elphaba respectively while Carol Kane was Madame Morrible,	,	PUNCT	Timothy	PROPN	 Timothy
One of his main achievements was ensuring Barça acquire its own stadium and thus generate a stable income. On	On	ADP	14	NUM	 14
To conclude the season, Washington, then number 13, upset the Texas Longhorns 14 – 7 with Tyler	Tyler	PROPN	rushing	VERB	 rushing
It was briefly revived through reprints in 1955, and all six issues were reprinted in a hardcover edition by	by	ADP	Marvel	PROPN	 Marvel
Lennon initially resisted his attempts to encourage the band to present a professional appearance, but eventually complied, saying	saying	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Although the theoretical membership of the council was relatively large, at around 30 persons, most of the business	business	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Russia plans to set up an overall solar capacity of 150 MW by 2020. Plans for the construction of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Daredevil received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 44% of critics	critics	NOUN	gave	VERB	 gave
QinetiQ, TRE's successor company, remains the town's largest local employer. Malvern is the largest place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Eventually, the crowd joined in; the film was edited to disguise the fact that the singing was organised	organised	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The architecture of Kuala Lumpur is a mixture of old colonial influences, Asian traditions, Malay Islamic inspirations,	,	PUNCT	modern	ADJ	 modern
" So Seductive " was nominated for best " Club Banger " at the 2005 Vibe Awards, but lost	lost	VERB	to	ADP	 to
When Mary started to cry again, he said, " Madam, in God's presence I speak:	:	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
" His cricketing talent was encouraged at school; he first attended Barrett Street School and then St. Thomas's	's	PART	School	PROPN	 School
She often concluded memoranda with personal good wishes, and Woolley reciprocated. After Woolley resigned in August 1916,	,	PUNCT	O'Reilly	PROPN	 O'Reilly
From here north, M 129 follows the Michigan Meridian on Meridian Road. The highway forms part of the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
On the other side of the debate, those in favor of animal testing held that experiments on animals were	were	AUX	necessary	ADJ	 necessary
Under Article XXXI of the Armistice the Germans were not permitted to destroy their ships. Both Admirals Beatty and	and	CCONJ	Madden	PROPN	 Madden
Inspired, David assembled a team, including producer Lawrence Bender and former president of eBay Jeffrey Skoll, who	who	PRON	met	VERB	 met
The reviewer also compared the hairstyle of Spears during the housewife scenes to Marilyn Monroe. Spears performed the song	song	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
In August 1919, he became private secretary and speech writer to politician John Storey, a prominent member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bushy tail reaches the heel, and is 20 – 25 cm (7.9 – 9.8 in) long	long	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Lou Lumenick of the New York Post named it the ninth best film of 2007. Ebert gave the film	film	NOUN	3.5	NUM	 3.5
Stations include classic rock formats of KOOL FM and KSLX FM, to pop stations like KYOT FM and alternative	alternative	ADJ	stations	NOUN	 stations
Excavation of the second bore began on 26 September 2012 and finished on 25 February 2013. The 730,000 m3	m3	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Beating him again and again many cried. When he once sat without moving his body many cut his flesh	flesh	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was 39, an early retirement age for the period. He played one further match in 1957 for	for	ADP	MCC	PROPN	 MCC
The planet's orbital inclination is 89.65º, or almost edge on with respect to Earth and to Kepler 10	10	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
To the south is the historic area of Wolf Point at the confluence of the main stem of the Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
" Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun Times gave the film four out of four stars, saying " A	A	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
Another major reason is the lack of evapotranspiration (for example, through lack of vegetation) in urban areas	areas	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite the tag " Complete and Unabridged " on the cover, books so labeled were sometimes still abridged.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
" The priest sends Carrier to the church to pray for forgiveness, where Carrier instead asks God to send	send	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
At Victoria Terrace stands Felling post office; a two story course sandstone building with quoins and a Welsh slate	slate	NOUN	roof	NOUN	 roof
Tegetthoff immediately ordered his crew to lower boats to pick up the men in the water, but with San	San	PROPN	Martino	PROPN	 Martino
In English, the question on the ballot asked: Do you agree that Quebec should become sovereign after having	having	AUX	made	VERB	 made
By now the mass of people had grown to over sixty thousand, and the return trip took about nine	nine	NUM	hours	NOUN	 hours
The overall top goalscorer in Recopa Sudamericana history is Rodrigo Palacio, scorer of five goals. Leandro Damião is	is	AUX	second	ADJ	 second
In 1810, he returned to Grenoble to take up a seat as joint professor of Ancient History at the	the	DET	newly	ADV	 newly
For the ceremony, sailors from HMCS Saguenay provided the guard of honour. Also present were The Royal Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	Horse	PROPN	 Horse
During winter in captivity, an average red tail will eat about 135 g (4.8 oz) daily.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In their " Best and Worst of 1989 ", it received awards for " Best Game of the Year	Year	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
It serves as an extension of the freeway portion of Route 42 in Turnersville (which is itself an extension	extension	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cohen continued saying, " All of our shows [are] heavily color based — everything is rich in	in	ADP	color	NOUN	 color
Also the state's proximity to the Roaring forties means there are high quality wind resources for wind farms to	to	PART	exploit	VERB	 exploit
She was also featured in a one shot special entitled Kitana and Mileena: Sister Act, which explained their	their	PRON	past	NOUN	 past
He is a patron of The Street League, a UK based charity which organises football matches for homeless people	people	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
(The name Kathy Duquesne is a thinly veiled reference to Kate Kane. In the DVD and Blu ray	ray	NOUN	special	ADJ	 special
Once the Folly had been constructed, he built an all atom brass model of RNase S quite rapidly.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
MD 382 was removed from Charles County in 1989. That same year, MD 205 was assigned to the	the	DET	westernmost	NOUN	 westernmost
Certain script material, however, was provided by series co founder Loren Bouchard, who also directed the episode	episode	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As there is insufficient evidence to prove Milhouse ate all the food, he is acquitted. The other students	students	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Once elected, the mayor serves a four year term; the elected trustees serve four year terms that are	are	AUX	staggered	VERB	 staggered
Released on 23 July 2001 by Epic Records in the United Kingdom, it was the first album by any	any	DET	artist	NOUN	 artist
He characterises the alto solos as brief and unremarkable; however, the tenor solo role in Part II is	is	AUX	both	CCONJ	 both
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males. The median income for a household	household	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Jackson had been studying Centaur for some time, and believed that the wreck was actually another, much smaller	smaller	ADJ	ship	NOUN	 ship
The primary goal of peer to peer supervision is to strengthen party members ' subjective responsibility by making them feel	feel	VERB	collectively	ADV	 collectively
Ivan Alexander demanded the extradition of his cousin Šišman, one of the sons of Michael Asen III, threatening	threatening	VERB	the	DET	 the
A 1644 letter from Badoaro to Michelangelo Torcigliani contains the statement " Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria was embellished with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
McCain was also up for re election as senator, in 2004. He defeated little known Democratic schoolteacher Stuart	Stuart	PROPN	Starky	PROPN	 Starky
Under perfect dark sky conditions where all light pollution is absent it might be visible to an experienced observer without	without	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their mystery attacker then ceases fire and reveals herself to be Lana, who has discovered Archer's assignment and	and	CCONJ	decided	VERB	 decided
So I was exposed to all these very compassionate musicians at a very young age, and that's always	always	ADV	remained	VERB	 remained
The regiment then attacked Massa Lombarda in preparation for a crossing of the Sillaro river, boarding Kangaroo APCs and	and	CCONJ	moving	VERB	 moving
Raimi wanted another villain, and Ben Kingsley was involved in negotiations to play the Vulture before the character was	was	AUX	cut	VERB	 cut
In Gammond's view, the Viennese composer most influenced by Offenbach was Franz von Suppé, who studied Offenbach	Offenbach	PROPN	's	PART	's
Before the repairs could be completed, British cruisers located Königsberg, and, unable to steam into the river	river	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Dakota called Minnehaha Creek " Wakpa Cistinna ", meaning " Little River ". According to information provided	provided	VERB	by	ADP	 by
An editor from the Arizona Daily Star believed " I Could Fall in Love " was targeted more towards adult	adult	NOUN	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
The race came just days after Ballan was again named in the ongoing Mantova doping investigation as a rider who	who	PRON	may	AUX	 may
He retired from the Air Force in December 1969, and died in 1984. Alister Murdoch was born on	on	ADP	9	NUM	 9
In addition to the games, four manga series and one novelization have been released in the Mana franchise.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He suggests that the Tribal Hidage may have been a tribute list drawn up by Edwin of Northumbria in the	the	DET	620s	NOUN	 620s
Later, with Frederick C. Chromey, Alvarez and Rossi patented a " Vertical Determination Device ", which made	made	VERB	use	NOUN	 use
In the bombers, this translated to several miles inland, detonating some landmines that were planted by the Germans	Germans	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Galbraith, Eide and Kerestedjiants agreed to deliver the plan to Croatia and the RSK on 21 October, opposed	opposed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
With a loss of lateral support across nine floors, column 79 buckled – pulling the east penthouse and nearby	nearby	ADJ	columns	NOUN	 columns
On Manitoulin Island, where the population is predominantly of Ottawa origin, the language is called " Ottawa "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The demand for workers meant that, in addition to people from other areas of the United Kingdom, large	large	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule tied the appearance of the obverse to neoclassicism, noting the resemblance of Gobrecht's Liberty	Liberty	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
An armistice between Germany and the Bolshevik regime came into force on 6 December and peace negotiations began on 22	22	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
Lurking around the house in the rain, throwing a rock through her window, being a peeping Tom,	,	PUNCT	getting	VERB	 getting
So someone came and helped me. This is a lot of floor space you know. " Fire Station	Station	PROPN	No	PROPN	 No
On 19 May 1809, 3,000 Serbian revolutionaries led by commander (Serbian: vojvoda, вoјвода) Stevan Sinđelić	Sinđelić	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
In 2010 a copy of the first edition of Household Management in " top condition " was stated to be	be	AUX	worth	ADJ	 worth
During the 2014 spring training, Wacha showed increased confidence in the pitch after finding a consistent grip. Depending	Depending	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The monument is sited in the center of Logan Circle, a traffic circle and public park in the Logan	Logan	PROPN	Circle	PROPN	 Circle
Timmy's school teacher, Mr. Denzel Crocker, who has an obsession with proving that fairies are real,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
The trend toward a coequal legislature continued under the administrations of Brown's two immediate successors, Martha Layne Collins	Collins	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Game designers have come up with a variety of navigational aids to solve this problem. A mini map feature	feature	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on February 4, 1998. In the episode,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Two styles of watermark were used though the overprinted issues came with the watermarks of the British stamps provided for	for	ADP	overprinting	NOUN	 overprinting
Subsequently, as Weinstein commented to the Washington Post, " for seven months, the only impression people had	had	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Dan can utilise a variety of weapons, including close range weapons such as swords and axes to long ranged	ranged	VERB	weapons	NOUN	 weapons
He signed free agent Tony Massenburg for US $1.5 million, just to sign Isaac Austin for US $	$	SYM	5.5	NUM	5.5
But, people perceive person B as a " problem, whose abilities are hampered by his serious difficulties "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
A few days after the jirga, Karzai had summoned Atmar and Saleh to discuss the attack against the jirga	jirga	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Active in the day as well as at night, servals tend to be solitary with minimal social interaction.	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
Rovelstad agreed to allow the coin dealer to purchase 250 pieces at $1 each; he was still selling	selling	VERB	them	PRON	 them
" Tonight's the Night " was later used as the title song for the 1961 album Tonight's the	the	DET	Night	PROPN	 Night
Colbert has made conflicting statements regarding his middle name, which he has at different times stated to be Tyrone	Tyrone	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
As a free agent, Bako signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers for the 2005 season. He batted.250 for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The idea for the album came from Sangram Surve, CEO of Tripathi's advertisement agency, Think WhyNot.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1909, at the age of forty six, Fetter was awarded an honorary LL.D. from Colgate University,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The ships arrived in Pagan on 12 August. The next day, Spee learned that Japan would enter the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Plouffe and David Axelrod had interviewed the finalists and Plouffe said that Bayh's answers were " substantively close to	to	PART	perfect	VERB	 perfect
The teams dominated the Negro National League in the 1930s and 1940s. Pittsburgh was a Republican stronghold starting in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Conversely, models of the Solar System's formation predict a collective mass for the Kuiper belt of 30 Earth	Earth	PROPN	masses	NOUN	 masses
Gilbert requested that they cut out the gag, and Grossmith replied: " but I get an enormous laugh	laugh	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Both girls played organized hockey in Markham, Ontario. Hodgson grew up in Haliburton, Ontario, with his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
Bart discovers that Duncan is a fast runner and suggests that he should be a racehorse. Homer enters Duncan	Duncan	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Hardy was berthed in Palma, Majorca on 23 May 1937 when that port was bombed by the Spanish Republican	Republican	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
" The book was highlighted among the 100 Notable Books of the Year of The New York Times. Alice	Alice	PROPN	McDermott	PROPN	 McDermott
CDOT noted that prior to the retrofit, about 20,000 vehicles per year tripped the alarm. The trucking industry	industry	NOUN	argued	VERB	 argued
A gustnado, or gust front tornado, is a small, vertical swirl associated with a gust front or	or	CCONJ	downburst	ADJ	 downburst
Near Mu is Lambda Muscae, the third brightest star in the constellation and a white main sequence star of	of	ADP	spectral	ADJ	 spectral
He was making more appearances for the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), collecting runs and wickets regularly,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The battalion arrived at the hill without incident and began to prepare for the attack; however, just prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
It is possible that Santubong was an important seaport in Sarawak during the period, but its importance declined during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The gum was used mainly for varnish. The term may be a source for the nickname " Digger "	"	PUNCT	given	VERB	 given
He was set to work on this project with Pulitzer Prize winning author Michael Chabon and his wife Ayelet Waldman	Waldman	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Some 14 aircraft were destroyed: five Blackburn Sharks, five Fairey Swordfish, and two Fairey Albacore. A	A	DET	further	ADJ	 further
Alien Emergencies (2002) contains Ambulance Ship, Sector General and Star Healer. General Practice (2003)	)	PUNCT	contains	VERB	 contains
According to The Washington Post, Thriller paved the way for other African American artists to achieve mainstream recognition,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
They escaped unscathed, largely because Latour Maubourg ignored them and instead launched his cavalry against the Spanish infantry line	line	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The firebed (grate) air inlet dampers had not been built to the drawings; they were too small	small	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Wiltse pitched on, winning 1 – 0 in ten innings, with the hit batsman the only lapse separating	separating	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Hoffmann, Hilmar (1997). The Triumph of Propaganda: Film and National Socialism, 1933 – 1945	1945	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Dog Beneath the Skin (London, New York, 1935; play, with Christopher Isherwood) (	(	PUNCT	dedicated	VERB	dedicated
An account of one such torture and execution at Baroda in 1814 has been preserved in The Percy Anecdotes:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In addition, the governor sent in the 74th and 65th regiments of the New York State Militia, which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Several transient features were observed, such as a lava spine nicknamed the " whaleback, " which comprised long	long	ADJ	shafts	NOUN	 shafts
This work exemplifies Lichtenstein's theme relating to vision. Lichtenstein uses a " mechanical viewing device " to present	present	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Puerto Rico won its group, defeating Panama in semifinals and the Dominican Republic in the final to win the	the	DET	gold	NOUN	 gold
Around this time, Sihanouk made two trips to Saumur, France where he attended military training at the Armoured	Armoured	PROPN	Cavalry	PROPN	 Cavalry
On 1 September she hosted No. 4 Squadron and No. 860 Squadrons, Royal Netherlands Naval Aviation Service	Service	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Especially retracted (at least on a vowel), e.g. [ø ̠ ̠], though, depending	depending	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The other, White Azaleas, is a more sexually charged nude study of a woman reclining on a couch	couch	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On 18 September 1944, the provisional government formed by the National Committee of the Republic of Estonia in Tallinn	Tallinn	PROPN	re	PRON	 re
The game was televised on ESPN and drew a television rating of 2.1 for an estimated 3,039,000 viewers. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
However, the single only managed to spend a measly fifteen weeks on the Hot 100, and therefore was	was	AUX	ranked	VERB	 ranked
Hans Rønning's assignment to officiate the game was viewed by other on ice officials as a nod to organizers	organizers	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
It had to be a strong willed person, and we felt that Emily's work on Revenge was a	a	DET	great	ADJ	 great
The MoD issued a press release with more details later in the day. Several decorations were awarded to the	the	DET	personnel	NOUN	 personnel
Hershey lost the next day to the Penguins, falling 2 – 1 in overtime after allowing a power play	play	NOUN	goal	NOUN	 goal
Howe also owned a plantation called " Mount Misery " in what was Bladen County. His grandmother had provided	provided	VERB	Howe	PROPN	 Howe
, with poor staff retention. On November 17, 2011, the Board of Trustees for UNC CH recommended	recommended	VERB	a	DET	 a
Robert later recounted in detail, in a charter of December 13, 1335, how one " Nicholas,	,	PUNCT	son	NOUN	 son
Owing to the interaction of the major Pacific and Australia Plates, much of the regional plate boundary along central	central	ADJ	South	PROPN	 South
In the US, forensic tools are subjected to the Daubert standard, where the judge is responsible for ensuring	ensuring	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Powderfinger's band manager, Paul Piticco, stated that Fanning had confirmed that a line in the song was	was	AUX	related	VERB	 related
Hate it or love it, you certainly won't ignore it. " Planet Bollywood gave it 8 of	of	ADP	10	NUM	 10
Two years later, he challenged incumbent John Hoeppel for the 12th district Democratic nomination. Hoeppel was weakened by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
An R & B song, " If It's Lovin ' that You Want " is a song about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
LeDuc departed the AWA in September 1976. Wrestling in Tennessee in 1977, LeDuc teamed with Bob Armstrong to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
Sheppard was imprisoned in Newgate Prison pending his trial at the next Assize of oyer and terminer. He was	was	AUX	prosecuted	VERB	 prosecuted
In later years, a file of unknown authorship regarding Barnes's behaviour was deposited in the NSWCA library.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In 1950, a 21 SAS squadron was raised to fight in the Korean War. After three months of	of	ADP	training	NOUN	 training
By 2007, the student population was predominantly middle lower and lower class with 42% and 35% from	from	ADP	each	DET	 each
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 49 million tickets in North America. Frozen is the ninth	ninth	ADJ	highest	ADJ	 highest
In January 2009, Ubisoft announced that it had signed a licensing agreement with ABC Studios to develop a video	video	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
Outlying communities began to depopulate and, by the end of the century, the buildings in the central canyon	canyon	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Nonetheless, many MacIntyres were in the clan regiment of Stewart of Appin in the campaign of 1745 – 46	46	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Communist Party established the People's Republic of China in Beijing on 1 October 1949, while the ROC	ROC	PROPN	government	NOUN	 government
These new settlements generally lacked justice systems found in populated portions of the territory, such as in the territorial	territorial	ADJ	capital	NOUN	 capital
Bob Boilen of NPR wrote, " I simply couldn't believe my eyes and ears. Seeing Jackie Evancho	Evancho	PROPN	sing	VERB	 sing
Earmarking may also be specified in relation to the types of participants covered (e.g. a limit on how many	many	ADJ	participants	NOUN	 participants
It's a changing time on television because five or ten years ago you wouldn't have a major network	network	NOUN	show	NOUN	 show
In 1642, at the commencement of the English Civil War, the Royalists took control of the entire county	county	NOUN	apart	ADV	 apart
In the two outer frames his figure is shadowed by arrows, pictorial devices that Bacon often used to place	place	VERB	a	DET	 a
This transition would require military aircraft to file flight plans and obey civilian air traffic controllers. Shortly after the	the	DET	collision	NOUN	 collision
, or, if the " conductivity " of the tube is unknown or unimportant, as E11, E22	E22	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As the character approaches the mountain, they find remnants of a once thriving civilization, eroded by sand over	over	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
It was completed on 8 February 1902, and the LSWR viaduct was widened to serve a greatly enlarged Waterloo	Waterloo	PROPN	station	NOUN	 station
A pair exhibits strong mate and site fidelity once a bond is established. The bulky nest is composed of	of	ADP	roots	NOUN	 roots
Born in Ujung Pandang, he took up table tennis at the age of ten and rose quickly through national	national	ADJ	tournaments	NOUN	 tournaments
In a 60 Minutes interview on March 31, 2005, Fonda reiterated that she had no regrets about her	her	PRON	trip	NOUN	 trip
The prison barge was temporarily closed in August 1995 due to less crowded city jails, caused by a decline	decline	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
MD 410 is county maintained for 0.35 miles (0.56 km) from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway to its	its	PRON	turn	NOUN	 turn
John attended Grafton High School, where he attained his leaving certificate. Considered by family to be a "	"	PUNCT	loner	NOUN	 loner
At his draft hearing, he honestly informed interviewers that his intention in life was to sample every mind altering	altering	VERB	substance	NOUN	 substance
Francique earned a time of 46.15 seconds, which was 1.19 seconds slower than American runner Lashawn Merritt, the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
In 1877, Marsh named two species of Nanosaurus in separate publications, based on partial remains from the Morrison	Morrison	PROPN	Formation	PROPN	 Formation
The New Zealand tour was regarded as a test of Craig as a leader. Wicket keeper Barry Jarman said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Human Rights Watch has stated that the " re education through labor " system violates international law, specifically Article	Article	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
Pentafluorides continue this trend with their linear polymers and oligomeric complexes. Thirteen metal hexafluorides are known, all octahedral	octahedral	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The majority of contemporary US reviews were lukewarm towards Revolver, however, in reaction to the publication of Lennon	Lennon	PROPN	's	PART	's
Artist Harvey Cohen, one of the first ISKCON followers, designed a Stanley Mouse inspired promotional poster with a	a	DET	picture	NOUN	 picture
Bannon has said that he uses his lyrics and Converge to " vent about things in a healthy way so	so	ADV	I	PRON	 I
According to Klock, his civilian form " visually suggests an impotent, middle aged Clark Kent. " Adrian	Adrian	PROPN	Veidt	PROPN	 Veidt
The idea of conscription ran contrary to British political tradition, but the sheer scale of the Western Front led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" With this theme of a loss of pleasure and inevitable death, the poem, according to Claude Finney	Finney	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In a study in Egypt, a species of Hyalomma was dominant in dromedaries, comprising 95.6% of the	the	DET	adult	NOUN	 adult
Sasha Frere Jones believed the record " isn't so much hip hop as it is a reorganization of the	the	DET	historical	ADJ	 historical
Sulley's eventual sidekick, Mike Wazowski, had not yet been added. Between 1996 and 2000, the	the	DET	lead	ADJ	 lead
In classical Japanese, kitsu ne means come and sleep, and ki tsune means always comes. Kitsune are	are	AUX	believed	VERB	 believed
The armour continued forward and aft of the citadel at the lower deck level. Forward it tapered in steps	steps	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Although Bradman claimed the exchange had been amicable, others disputed this. Teammate Barnes later asserted that Miller had	had	AUX	retorted	VERB	 retorted
The odd one out is Jupiter, called צדק Tzedeq or " justice. " Steiglitz suggests that this may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Later, it was occupied by officers from the airfield at Lasham; one commander kept an aircraft in a	a	DET	field	NOUN	 field
This can lead to decreased immune system function. Australian Andrew Biggs of the Bangkok Post wrote that in the	the	DET	past	NOUN	 past
Marie: Julien visits Marie and Simon's old apartment, where the letting agent shows him a room that	that	PRON	Julien	PROPN	 Julien
Traffic for 1832 included 7,394 chaldrons of coal, 18,173 quarters of wheat, 7,745 quarters of oats, 19,396	19,396	NUM	quarters	NOUN	 quarters
The anti smoking campaign undertaken by the Nazis also included health education. In June 1939, a Bureau against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
He met with the Chetnik leader Kerović and arranged for the return of the equipment in exchange for small arms	arms	NOUN	ammunition	NOUN	 ammunition
Troy could take $50 and I wouldn't regret it. " The following year, Bana co starred	starred	VERB	with	ADP	 with
They make it back in time to stop Franklin (Mark Burgess), the member carrying the dialing remote	remote	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The seeds of S. amara are dispersed by vertebrates, mainly large birds and mammals, including chachalacas, flycatchers	flycatchers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eight months after the sale, Warner quipped, " Who would ever have thought that a butcher boy from	from	ADP	Youngstown	PROPN	 Youngstown
The regiment sustained losses of 325 killed and over 2,000 wounded in Vietnam. With the withdrawal of the battalion	battalion	NOUN	serving	VERB	 serving
The breed takes the first part of its name from the county of Suffolk in East Anglia, and the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
' ' Were the junior Senator from Wisconsin in the pay of the communists, he could not have done	done	VERB	a	DET	 a
Terraced gardens were built along the south side of the castle overlooking the estuary, probably including vineyards. De	De	PROPN	Burgh	PROPN	 Burgh
Hurricane One also caused moderate damage in Texas. The season's activity was reflected with a low accumulated cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	energy	NOUN	 energy
The production earned a 38.1 rating in Buffalo and 17.7 rating in Pittsburgh, to lead all markets. Westwood	Westwood	PROPN	One	NUM	 One
The 3rd Duke of Buckingham chaired the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway but its management regarded the Tramway as a nuisance	nuisance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His skill, his perseverance, his address all fit him for the errand. " Peale was willing to	to	PART	go	VERB	 go
The most notable of all these revolts was the Babylonian revolt which was led by Nebuchadnezzar III. This revolt	revolt	NOUN	occurred	VERB	 occurred
According to the descriptive text found in the Atlas database of the exhibited works of art at the Louvre,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
1,150 t (1,130 long tons) of fuel oil was carried which was originally calculated to provide an endurance	endurance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Three graves are claimed as Hasekura's. The most likely is in the outskirts of Osato town (大郷町	大郷町	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In September 1977, the McCartneys had a third child, a son they named James. In November,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
For Easter, Sundays are considered to be another part of the festival. For the Ascension which, falling	falling	VERB	on	ADP	 on
As a supporter of free speech Spiegelman is opposed to hate speech laws. He wrote a critique in Harper	Harper	PROPN	's	PART	's
Working westwards from Paddington, the line crosses the valley of the River Brent on Wharncliffe Viaduct and the River	River	PROPN	Thames	PROPN	 Thames
On 16 November 1787 he became a member of the Middle Temple, transferring to the Inner Temple in 1793	1793	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the process he must climb the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland under perilous conditions. Mike Hoover	Hoover	PROPN	taught	VERB	 taught
The final selection test is arguably the most gruelling: resistance to interrogation (RTI), lasting for 36	36	NUM	hours	NOUN	 hours
An SD card slot is located behind the cover on the front of the console. The Wii launch package	package	NOUN	includes	VERB	 includes
The prison cells typically measured 9 feet (2.7 m) by 5 feet (1.5 m) and 7	7	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
In September 1645 a Parliamentary army under the command of Lord Fairfax and Oliver Cromwell advanced into Somerset, taking	taking	VERB	Sherborne	PROPN	 Sherborne
Schleswig Holstein was the flagship of the fleet until 1932 when she was taken in for another reconstruction that converted	converted	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Under Admiral Beatty's direction, the fleet divided into two opposing forces, with " Blue Fleet " representing	representing	VERB	the	DET	 the
The ship was en route from Bristol to Waterford and sank within fifteen minutes. The Mate, John Outridge	Outridge	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cosima seems to have made little impression on him; in his memoirs he merely recorded that both girls were	were	AUX	very	ADV	 very
The FAHViewer function, modeled after the PS3's viewer, displays a real time 3 D rendering, if	if	SCONJ	available	ADJ	 available
Rachel Brodsky of MTV gave a positive review towards the song, writing " It's true -- we're	're	AUX	not	PART	 not
De Broc was also accused of seizing a cargo of the archbishop's wine and destroying the ship carrying it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Matters were not helped by Richard's sale of many royal properties in 1189, and taxation played a much	much	ADV	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
This second scenario appears to produce a dispersion of velocities for the fragments that is more closely matched to the	the	DET	measured	ADJ	 measured
Forked near the stem, the gills are initially whitish before becoming pale ochraceous buff. There are many lamellulae	lamellulae	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
He won his first indoor NCAA title in the 200 m and was runner up in the 60 m,	,	PUNCT	having	AUX	 having
1765) and his wife Maria Antonia, Max Joseph's sister. In 1769, the reigning Saxon elector	elector	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The GameCube, GBA, and DS versions were the first, second, and fifth best selling of January	January	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
The perianth is finely furred on the outside, while the pistil is smooth; it is 1.5 – 2.7	2.7	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
Stropharia caerulea was officially described by mycologist Hanns Kreisel in 1979 from collections made near Woldegk, Germany. Machiel	Machiel	PROPN	Noordeloos	PROPN	 Noordeloos
Worldwide, it is the fifth highest grossing 2009 film and the fifth highest grossing film distributed by Sony /	/	SYM	Columbia	PROPN	 Columbia
During the second half, Ono took to the microphone and performed an avant garde set along with the band	band	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The film received positive response from critics and the performances of Nagesh and Balaiah were particularly praised. The Tamil	Tamil	PROPN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Asif added that internally displaced persons would be assisted by the federal and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa governments: " We will	will	AUX	try	VERB	 try
The architect, Henry Bacon, wanted to use Colorado Yule marble, while southern Democrats urged using Georgia marble	marble	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Comedian and actor Ian Roberts, who worked with Amy Poehler on the Upright Citizens Brigade sketch comedy troupe,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
For the release of the mini album Come On Pilgrim, Thompson adopted the alias " Black Francis ",	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
She would later claim that Jackson had tried to kidnap and kill her. The rest of the family disowned	disowned	VERB	her	PRON	 her
The tracks were left in the soft and wet mud of shallow or freshly dried up points along a river	river	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Impressed by the group's rendition, Dylan enthusiastically commented " Wow, man! You can dance to that	that	PRON	!	PUNCT	!
For season three, Mack wanted the character to be given a major obstacle to overcome, something that would	would	AUX	help	VERB	 help
Rainfall rates of over 210 millimetres (8.3 in) occurred over 3 hours in a 40 km (25	25	NUM	mi	NUM	 mi
" Reaction among Vietnamese Americans to McCain's use of this term was mixed although supportive of McCain himself,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 17 February 2015, in his 100th Champions League appearance, Alonso was sent off for a second bookable	bookable	ADJ	offense	NOUN	 offense
Leschi also has a 55 foot (17 m) telescoping crane with ladder and fire line for use against	against	ADP	container	NOUN	 container
Neither pilot aboard Flight 159 initially saw how close DAL 379 was to the runway. As Flight 159 sped	sped	VERB	down	ADP	 down
David Frith wrote of Bill Brown's memories of Barnes as a person, and his controversial fielding: '	'	PUNCT	Bagga	PROPN	 Bagga
Asperger was investigating an ASD now known as Asperger syndrome, though for various reasons it was not widely recognized	recognized	VERB	as	ADP	 as
These lobes are smaller toward the petiole and apex of the leaf. In the Margaret River region, Banksia	Banksia	PROPN	ilicifolia	PROPN	 ilicifolia
There, Lautrec was reinforced by the arrival of fresh Swiss mercenaries; but, having no money available to	to	PART	pay	VERB	 pay
Objections to all these procedures have been raised by animal rights groups, but farmers defend them by saying they	they	PRON	solve	VERB	 solve
Jack Fingleton said that he had never " known a more enjoyable hour " of " delectable cricket ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On January 11, 2013, it was announced that guitarist Jon Donais would be joining Anthrax on their upcoming	upcoming	ADJ	Metal	PROPN	 Metal
The single was made available for digital download on 20 August 2014. " Give Me Your Everything " was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Martinique, like nearby Guadeloupe, was a major threat to British trade in the Caribbean, providing a sheltered	sheltered	ADJ	base	NOUN	 base
For most of the five series, each book concerns Tom's latest invention, and its role either in	in	ADP	solving	VERB	 solving
Bist du keusch? "), but she can not resist his power. Klingsor observes that Parsifal is	is	AUX	approaching	VERB	 approaching
Excavations within the walls also revealed a section of the early medieval town. Today, many artefacts found at	at	ADP	Volubilis	PROPN	 Volubilis
Although dietary antioxidants have been investigated for potential effects on neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's	's	PART	disease	NOUN	 disease
Both of these observations are used to estimate the intensity of tropical cyclones via Dvorak analysis. Eyewalls are typically	typically	ADV	circular	ADJ	 circular
The new brass is marketed under the name EnviroBrass. Like lead and sulfur, selenium improves the machinability of	of	ADP	steel	NOUN	 steel
Resurrected, he returns to Earth and defeats the four Kryptonians. The script ends with Superman flying off to	to	ADP	Krypton	PROPN	 Krypton
" In chapter 49, High describes the death of the god Baldr. Hermóðr agrees to ride to Hel	Hel	PROPN	to	PART	 to
This improved the track layout and extended the original office building to provide covered accommodation for passengers and a shop	shop	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He arranged for the 1915 publication of Eliot's " The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock " and the	the	DET	serialization	NOUN	 serialization
In late 1941, the Japanese entered the war, attacking Pearl Harbor and launching an invasion of Malaya.	.	PUNCT	Faced	VERB	 Faced
He is taken away, with the possibility that he will be euthanised, but Gus and Deano Wicks (	(	PUNCT	Matt	PROPN	Matt
Because the episode involved an abnormal, Egan wanted the boy to draw much faster. In writing " Warriors	Warriors	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The last issue was dated Winter 1955, and the title was then merged with Startling Stories, another of	of	ADP	Pines	PROPN	 Pines
His mastaba tomb is located close to Nepherhetepes's pyramid in Saqqara. Ptahshepses: probably born during the reign	reign	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The oceanic microbiome plays a significant role in the ecological biogeochemistry of the planet's oceans. The largest scale	scale	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" New Year's Eve " received mostly positive reviews from critics. According to the Nielsen Media Research,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He died in December 1166, probably on the 27th, and was buried in Lincoln Cathedral. After Henry	Henry	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
Lenin disliked Paris, lambasting it as " a foul hole ", and while there he sued a motorist	motorist	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Canada's Walk of Fame accepts nominations for potential inductees from the public year round, culminating with their National	National	PROPN	Nomination	PROPN	 Nomination
The sailor makes no move to help the drowning Jacques, and Candide is in a state of despair until	until	SCONJ	Pangloss	PROPN	 Pangloss
He retired and became the Director General of the Royal Tour of Queen Elizabeth II in 1954. He was	was	AUX	Chief	PROPN	 Chief
The band chose Rogerio because of his " MAD Magazine like drawing style. " The cover art specifically features	features	VERB	individual	ADJ	 individual
H 63 ends on the south side of Sault Ste. Marie. H 63 starts a winding trail at	at	ADP	Business	PROPN	 Business
Gilbert's lyrics served as a model for such 20th century Broadway lyricists as Cole Porter, Ira Gershwin,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Nothing Fails " began as a humble track that musician producer Guy Sigsworth wrote for his wife. He	He	PRON	asked	VERB	 asked
With the release of WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw 2006 was the inclusion of a stamina system, which was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The original version of the game was released for the Game Boy Advance in Japan on October 12, 2001	2001	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Each card has a number value determining its attack strength, with multiple cards combining to increase the overall value	value	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When members of the trio died, the poem was often used to memorialize them. All three players were	were	AUX	inducted	VERB	 inducted
On the next play, Alabama committed a five yard false start penalty. Alexander was stopped for no gain	gain	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The ability of an animal's leg to withstand those forces limits its top speed. The running adaptations of	of	ADP	Carnotaurus	PROPN	 Carnotaurus
Cheryl has ditched her street dance gear for a gown fit for a diva along with suitably styled big hair	hair	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
In 1514 thousands of peasants who had been summoned to Buda (now Budapest, in modern Hungary) to	to	PART	join	VERB	 join
McMahon served in the Union army during the American Civil War, during which he gained notoriety as a wrestler	wrestler	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Steve Jones of USA Today wrote that while the other ballads on the album were not as strong, "	"	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
The aliens explain that the toys are able to walk and talk due to a request from Giga Robo to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is shown performing on a smoky stage in a long, white sequined gown with a group of sailors	sailors	NOUN	dancing	VERB	 dancing
She had to be beached at the island of Bozcaada (Tenedos) to prevent her sinking, as she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Introduced to hockey by family friends, Bégin began playing at age six and was an offensively minded player in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Without hope of relief, and under the agreement that no Scottish soldiers were to be quartered in the city	city	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Grand River Road, precursor to the modern Grand River Avenue was named by Benjamin Williams, cofounder of	of	ADP	Owosso	PROPN	 Owosso
At the same time as their feud with DX and their alignment with McMahon, the team also wrestled other	other	ADJ	teams	NOUN	 teams
Fitness Sports Instructor Course develops cadets to become a specialist with the skills and subject matter knowledge required to perform	perform	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the same year, he also received a Commonwealth Scholarship to carry out his doctoral studies at the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" The Dow Law imposed an annual tax on businesses in the alcohol trade; most of the proceeds would	would	AUX	go	VERB	 go
This was done, and Tarquin formed combined units of Roman and Latin troops. Tarquin next began a war	war	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Perry first performed " Dark Horse " three days later at the iHeartRadio Music Festival. " Walking on Air	Air	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Scharnhorst took on a list of one degree and was down by the bows by a meter. While the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Two examples are when the crew of Apollo 12 observed the Earth eclipse the Sun in 1969 and when the	the	DET	Cassini	PROPN	 Cassini
News of a move from Bridge Street to Pennywell, Sunderland, was also announced during the anniversary celebrations.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Where Hergé showed his talent, Peeters thought, was in conveying movement, and in utilising language in a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
There are two ways that the two pairs of power conjugate variables can be associated with each other in the	the	DET	analogy	NOUN	 analogy
He reasoned, " You totally destroy your credibility if you show the literal process by which Bruce Wayne becomes	becomes	VERB	Batman	PROPN	 Batman
The preparations were interrupted at 09: 18 when the first American carrier aircraft to attack were sighted. These	These	PRON	consisted	VERB	 consisted
When they return home, Zhou begins to drill all of his students in the military arts — eighteen weapons	weapons	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The hotel's long time operator, Loews Hotels, was replaced by Crestline Hotels & Resorts in 2005,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Although Sargsyan criticized the post Soviet privatization by the Ter Petrosyan government, he admitted Armenia had no alternative,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Global Energías Renovables operates the largest Jatropha farm in the Americas. On August 1, 2011 Aeromexico, Boeing	Boeing	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Still in use, this trust is generally considered to be the oldest educational trust fund in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
The Mario Carvajal Library, which was created under the technical advise of the Rockefeller Foundation, is one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This section of I 194 carries 26,300 vehicles on an average day according to annual average daily traffic surveys done	done	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After completing her schooling in the early 1920s, she got an admission from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art	Art	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Plastic guttering and other modern additions were covered up or removed. The churchyard had several gravestones added, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
This squadron carried out bombing, offensive patrols and strategic reconnaissances, while the Handley – Page bomber piloted by	by	ADP	Ross	PROPN	 Ross
Some lake dwelling forms may become planktonic feeders. In rivers and streams populated with other salmonid species, rainbow	rainbow	VERB	trout	NOUN	 trout
' Colin Smythe, his long term friend and agent, donated some pieces of meteoric iron – ' thunderbolt	thunderbolt	NOUN	iron	NOUN	 iron
The call is considered the most reliable means of identification in areas where the forest raven's range overlaps with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
The majority of original queens are dead by July, “ well before eggs that became autumn reproductive were laid	laid	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The survivors of the disastrous Pickett's Charge returned under the tune Nearer My God to Thee. At the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
The striking appearance, large colourful bill, waddling gait and behaviour of this bird have given rise to nicknames	nicknames	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
He noted that, together, both episodes come together to make " a dense première that evokes nearly all	all	PRON	aspects	NOUN	 aspects
During the 1930s Wodehouse's theatrical work tailed off. He wrote or adapted four plays for the West End	End	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In 1893 the congregation sold its building at 4th and Jefferson, and constructed a new one at First and	and	CCONJ	Jefferson	PROPN	 Jefferson
Writing in 1986, Danny Peary noted, " It's hard to believe that in 1967 we actually waited	waited	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This was more than three times the average for England and Wales (2.5%), and it is	is	AUX	expected	VERB	 expected
The Loft Theatre, also located downtown, is the home of the Human Race Theatre Company. The Dayton	Dayton	PROPN	Playhouse	PROPN	 Playhouse
Prior to europium, the color TV red phosphor was very weak, and the other phosphor colors had to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He also had environmentalist issues crop up, especially in " The Fear Machine " (issues # 15 22	22	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The names of the family, Regulidae, and its only genus, Regulus, are derived from the Latin	Latin	PROPN	regulus	NOUN	 regulus
He was named by Newsweek as one of their fifty most powerful people globally in 2008, and his wealth	wealth	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The swamp forests contain trees such as Symphonia globulifera, raffia palms and Mitragyna species, and the riverbanks are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Approximately 80,000 items on 6,000 sheets may be viewed in 1,000 display frames; 2,400 sheets are from the Tapling	Tapling	PROPN	Collection	PROPN	 Collection
It deals with the depredations of London Bridge and attempts, realistic or fanciful, to repair it. It	It	PRON	may	AUX	 may
Mulder and Scully head to Virginia to question the Right Hand's leader, Denny Markham (Larry Musser)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
After selling Max for twenty thousand pounds, Kylie travels abroad, but later reappears during the serial's live	live	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
After a series of night engagements between the leading battleships and British destroyers, the High Seas Fleet punched through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the last level, Conan has retrieved all of his armor and returns to Parad Isle to rescue A	A	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
" Angels Brought Me Here " peaked at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart. It was the first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
They then moved to Shandia, a Quechua mission station deep in the Ecuadorian jungle. There they worked under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
By sheer chance Fitzroy Kelly and Alexander Cockburn, Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer and Lord Chief Justice of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
Though the researchers had not intended to perform destructive analysis on the sample, this fracturing warranted the sacrifice of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
Madonna performed " Oh Father " on her 1990 Blond Ambition World Tour with " Live to Tell ",	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
Cohen's initial vision for Poochie was that he would be annoying to fans because he was wealthy, aloof	aloof	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Alumni of the University of Miami include a number of prominent people, including entertainers such as actors and musicians	musicians	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In the original series, Tom Swift lives in fictional Shopton, New York. He is the son of	of	ADP	Barton	PROPN	 Barton
Less commonly, an aura can occur without a headache, or with a nonmigraine headache. Two other varieties	varieties	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Jabara was able to see the first aircraft explode from his gunfire, but he only saw his second victory	victory	NOUN	go	VERB	 go
Socialist intellectuals like Otto Neurath had realised that in a completely socialised economy, prices would not exist and central	central	ADJ	planners	NOUN	 planners
Evan Rytlewski of Paste observes unconventional applications of jazz throughout A Love Surreal, but characterizes it as a neo	neo	NOUN	soul	NOUN	 soul
It made its premiere during the June 17, 2010 results show of the seventh season of So You Think	Think	VERB	You	PRON	 You
Dacko told the attaché that he had not been given anything to read for more than two years; the	the	DET	attaché	NOUN	 attaché
For lower takeoff speeds the thrust vector is greater. The reaction control system involves a thrusters at key points	points	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Banded archerfish are fairly common in the Indo Pacific and are not currently endangered. They have a minor commercial	commercial	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
Throughout his political career Roosevelt championed the cause of human rights. In his annual State of the Union address	address	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
On Montserrat, very little damage was reported. A few minor landslides occurred in rural areas; no impact	impact	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At one point, when Leroy Harris was gang tackled following a short reception, the entire Buccaneer defense was	was	AUX	penalized	VERB	 penalized
He was identified as a candidate at two schools: Syracuse and Auburn. In neither case was Gill hired	hired	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Since sunlight illuminates only the upper layers, the major part of the ocean exists in permanent darkness. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Engineers had determined that during high winds, the bridge's center of gravity could shift, putting weight onto	onto	ADP	only	ADV	 only
" In addition to re dubbing it, Babb re edited and re titled it The Prince of Peace;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
" The single was released in September 1970 and reached number four on the UK charts, remaining Black Sabbath	Sabbath	PROPN	's	PART	's
These had been outfitted with rams and some iron plating. By late April, the new ironclads USRC E.	E.	PROPN	A.	PROPN	 A.
In his review, Rowan Shaeffer stated the track was a specific highlight, but said that the change in	in	ADP	style	NOUN	 style
The consensus is that espionage saved the Soviets one or two years of effort. In addition to developing the	the	DET	atomic	ADJ	 atomic
" The episode is popular among fans of the series. It appeared on one of the first region 1	1	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
Cambridge were coached by F. E. Hellyer (who rowed for the Light Blues in the 1910 and 1911 races	races	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The Scottish members of parliament managed to see off an attempt to impose an export duty on linen and from	from	ADP	1727	NUM	 1727
In intense fighting, the flanks of Burgoyne's force were exposed, while the Brunswickers at the center held	held	VERB	against	ADP	 against
Several different types of nerve fibers carry out the transmission of the electrical signal from the transducing cell to the	the	DET	posterior	ADJ	 posterior
Filling the hole with her hair would drive her off. Corpses had their mouths filled with glass beads,	,	PUNCT	eggs	NOUN	 eggs
For the first month after the defeat at Osan, the 24th Infantry were repeatedly pushed back and forced southeastward	southeastward	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
After playing a season and a half in the minor leagues, the right handed infielder began his major league	league	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
Human head and body lice (genus Pediculus) share a common ancestor with chimpanzee lice, while pubic lice	lice	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Washington refused his resignation and ordered him north to assist with the defense there. Arnold arrived in Schuyler's	's	PART	camp	NOUN	 camp
She was criticised for her influence with the queen, particularly from those who disliked German influences at court.	.	PUNCT	Pamphlets	NOUN	 Pamphlets
Trafford has the lowest number of unemployment benefit claimants compared to all the other boroughs in Greater Manchester (3.7	3.7	NUM	%	NOUN	%
One of Garland's most successful films for MGM was Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The design featured " a huge globe in the distinctive horizon blue of Oneworld, painted on the centre of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chapels built following the construction of these two resembled parish churches more than the former style. The chapel replaced	replaced	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was an avid outdoorsman who enjoyed canoeing and hiking in the Edmonton North Saskatchewan River Valley. Along with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The episode was met with generally positive reviews from television critics. Dan Martin of The Guardian praised the episode	episode	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Clint Benedict was the first goaltender to wear facial protection, donning it in 1930 to protect a broken nose	nose	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The fighting around " Thompson's Post " between 1 and 3 November was some of the fiercest Rhodesians took	took	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
By the 8th century, large tanks such as Padaviya, Naccaduva, Kantale and Giritale had come into existence	existence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It gets its name from a local saint, Senara. Zennor Head was mined for copper and tin in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before custodial interrogations, police are required to give suspects a Miranda warning that informs suspects of their legal rights	rights	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Vast swarms of comet like bodies are thought to orbit the Sun in these distant regions in roughly circular orbits	orbits	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By the end of the 1930s, the MSHD under the leadership of future governor Murray Van Wagoner had shifted	shifted	VERB	emphasis	NOUN	 emphasis
Purported evidence, as before, included several contradictions in the diary, that the prose style and handwriting were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
The following is a table outlining the population change of the town since 1801, which demonstrates a trend of	of	ADP	rapid	ADJ	 rapid
The tanks, too, would be openly displayed, far behind the battle front. When the enemy saw	saw	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It is one of Fauré's most substantial works for solo piano, but is better known in a version	version	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The regiment advanced northward, reaching its position on the Aliakmon Line near Katerini on 26 March. Its mission	mission	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The more gas they held onto, the larger they became; the larger they became, the more gas	gas	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
At the end of the session, a new system — designed to limit the cars ' speeds in potentially	potentially	ADV	hazardous	ADJ	 hazardous
Direct current with a positively charged electrode (DCEP) is less common, and is used primarily for shallow	shallow	ADJ	welds	NOUN	 welds
He quickly earned a formidable reputation as a wall breaker, taking stronghold after stronghold from his enemies. Regions	Regions	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
On 2 August 2013, the sequel was officially confirmed for release in August 2014. The series ' Facebook	Facebook	PROPN	page	NOUN	 page
He said, " The people at UMBC have been good to me, and this is my home...	...	PUNCT	these	PRON	 these
Lincoln retorted that it was " becoming a running joke that people arrive on set ready for the day and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Krantz responded, " The picture didn't make any money, Ralph. It's just a lot of	of	ADP	noise	NOUN	 noise
A new 50 metre (160 ft) moat was dug beyond the castle's new limits; it was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
At the same time, in Sonora, another 50 were evacuated from a fishing camp in Guaymas. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
However, Jean now refused to fly any further, so MacArthur asked for a motorcade to take them to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Conran acknowledged his debt to German Expressionism, which was particularly evident in the opening scenes in New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
Although bicycle centers were already common throughout Europe, Long Beach, California is credited with pioneering commuter biking hubs	hubs	PROPN	offering	VERB	 offering
She was then returned to American Hawaiian. Leslie White, later a noted American anthropologist, was a crewman	crewman	NOUN	aboard	ADP	 aboard
Tancredi reveals he is Scaroth, the last of the Jagaroth race, stranded on Earth and fragmented through time	time	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
On May 12, he had four hits in a 7 – 5 loss to Cincinnati. He hit a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
The dive bombers were supported by 157 Bf 109s; 70 from JG 27; 32 from JG 53 acting	acting	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In the end, Finn is able to convince Marceline, and she promptly attacks her chauvinistic ex boyfriend.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
At the time of the 1920 United States Census, Wistert's family lived at 5647 Waveland Avenue in Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	's	PART	's
In the film, Che muses while in an empty bar following the lavish funeral procession for Eva Perón,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Canada based The Wireless Set No. 19 Group, with members virtually world wide, caters to those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
Lennon and McCartney wrote the song in one night, basing the lyrics on a birthday card sent to his	his	PRON	young	ADJ	 young
The cyclone tracked slightly north of due west in response to a small ridge to the north. Moderate wind	wind	NOUN	shear	NOUN	 shear
980) in the north of Jutland were 28.5 metres long, 5 metres wide (93.5 ft × 16.4	16.4	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
In 1993, when Larry King switched his radio show to the daytime a year before giving it up,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The combination of this fine asteroid dust, as well as ejected cometary material, produces the zodiacal light.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The Detroit Times described audiences laughing until they cried, and " [going] home feeling that [they	they	PRON	]	PUNCT	]
Scanning meter can often show the basic or fundamental pattern underlying a verse, but does not show the varying	varying	VERB	degrees	NOUN	 degrees
The song's accompanying music video was arranged from clips from various Hannah Montana episodes. " He Could Be	Be	AUX	the	DET	 the
Malaysian investigators set up an international working group — the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) — consisting of various	various	ADJ	agencies	NOUN	 agencies
On June 26, 2007, Maxwell Football Club president Ron Jaworski announced that McCoy had been named to the	the	DET	preseason	NOUN	 preseason
Michigan's three quarterbacks combined to complete 23 of 26 passes (88.5 percent) for 255 yards. This	This	PRON	marked	VERB	 marked
Rhodes and DiBiase defeated DX at the following pay per view, Breaking Point in a submissions count anywhere match	match	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Jelly Jelly " was the final song recorded for Brothers and Sisters, credited to Gregg Allman. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The librarians cited nine Discworld novels published from 1983 to 2004 and observed that " Pratchett's tales of Discworld	Discworld	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
Again taking advantage from the flat terrain, Grouchy was able to advance rapidly and fall onto the rear of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the end of 1985, Madonna achieved up another record with the song, becoming the first female artist	artist	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Queen told Dame Thora Hird during a 2001 meeting that Last of the Summer Wine was her favourite television	television	NOUN	programme	NOUN	 programme
In its developmental stages near the Lesser Antilles, Janet caused significant damage to the island chain, resulting in	in	ADP	189	NUM	 189
The series was a departure from his trend of experimental social commentary; it was instead designed to be a	a	DET	mainstream	NOUN	 mainstream
Parts of the theming are caged off with crime scene signs. Throughout the queue, guests are able to	to	PART	hear	VERB	 hear
Between June and mid July 2008, the band performed in several festivals, including appearances at the Pinkpop Festival	Festival	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Lamb's last words were " I smell bread "; Muhney explained that it was a reference to a	a	DET	minor	ADJ	 minor
INDEX is an annual fair conducted by students at the Colvin Taluqdars ' college grounds, attended by the general	general	ADJ	public	NOUN	 public
Poe admired Byron both for his poetry and for his rebellious personality. John Allan blamed Poe's interest in	in	ADP	Byron	PROPN	 Byron
His surrender, says historian Edmund Morgan, " was a great turning point of the war, because it	it	PRON	won	VERB	 won
Between Washington Street and North Main Street, NY 394 is concurrent with NY 60, with NY 60 south	south	NOUN	overlapping	VERB	 overlapping
Vincent died of a heart attack in 1955. The United States Air Force (USAF) named an air	air	NOUN	base	NOUN	 base
Their results are shown below: Patagosaurus was uncovered in the Middle Jurassic Cañadon Asfalto Formation, which preserves a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
Not all critics liked the episode. Oscar Dahl of BuddyTV felt that this episode did not live up to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
It runs from Marlay Park in the southern suburbs of Dublin through County Wicklow and ends in the village of	of	ADP	Clonegal	PROPN	 Clonegal
The assembly further enacted another legislative act on December 12, 1846, authorizing the Romney Literary Society to "	"	PUNCT	establish	VERB	 establish
Its range with full payload is 3,850 nautical miles (7,130 km). Although designed for short and medium	medium	ADJ	length	NOUN	 length
The First Minister emphasised that he was keen to see an increase in the specialist skills of civil servants,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Traditionally the Crown had left coastal defences to the local lords and communities, only taking a modest role in	in	ADP	building	VERB	 building
A council was, in fact, subsequently held at Clovesho (the location of which is now lost)	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
The South Office Building was renamed the K. Leroy Irvis Office Building on December 20, 2002, in recognition	recognition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By late 2009, smartphone manufacturers announced they would be using Snapdragon semiconductors in the Acer Liquid Metal, HTC	HTC	PROPN	HD2	PROPN	 HD2
German fighters claimed three Spitfires. One of the two actual victims was Wing Commander Ian " Widge " Gleed	Gleed	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
As the surviving men fell back through the 11th Battalion's positions, Major Gilchrist (A Company, 11th	11th	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
He returned to the room he had just left, but the students had locked the door; Lépine failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
" The British gave Arnold a brigadier general's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds, but	but	CCONJ	paid	VERB	 paid
" Run to You " was released as the debut single from Reckless on 18 October 1984 in Canada and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The experienced Kippax replaced the struggling youngster Len Darling in the middle order, for what proved to be his	his	PRON	last	ADJ	 last
Asked in Filmfare about their break up, she spoke of " Very, very fond memories of the times	times	NOUN	we	PRON	 we
Still unable to make the club pay, Wheldon sold it to the Kumar brothers, owners of a clothing	clothing	NOUN	chain	NOUN	 chain
Diocletian's reduction of the Praetorian Guards to the level of a simple city garrison for Rome lessened the military	military	ADJ	powers	NOUN	 powers
Bach composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig and first performed it on 8 April 1731. It is based on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the case of Richard II, the display of his body in such a public place was to counter	counter	VERB	rumours	NOUN	 rumours
Pegloticase was approved in the USA to treat gout in 2010. It is an option for the 3%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The proposed highway was added to the New York State Highway Law as follows, with annotations in brackets:	:	PUNCT	...	PUNCT	...
In August 2003, the game was released as freeware with its assembly language source code by Revolution Software.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They are, however, rare in zoos because they are susceptible to infection and parasitic disease if captured from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Stephany reportedly kept this money in her car, but a police search found no money in it. After	After	SCONJ	Flores	PROPN	 Flores
The first few (1 – 3 in Ayt Ayache and Ayt Ndhir) cardinal numerals have native Berber and	and	CCONJ	borrowed	VERB	 borrowed
The Sharpshooter companies wore a dark green Prussian style coatee and a tall hat of Austrian origin with an elongated	elongated	VERB	brim	NOUN	 brim
There was a similar opposition during the 1799 election of delegates to the Buenos Aires Cabildo: Castelli was elected	elected	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" and bleached her hair blonde to better fit a role in that episode. The change of color caused	caused	VERB	Roddenberry	PROPN	 Roddenberry
The most significant problem that faces reports of transient lunar phenomena is that the vast majority of these were made	made	VERB	either	CCONJ	 either
On June 10 Bundy broke into a camping trailer on Maroon Lake, 10 miles (16 km) south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
ISBN 9780941423694. Dworkin, Andrea (1977). Marx and Gandhi were liberals: feminism and the "	"	PUNCT	radical	ADJ	 radical
This shows that their growth is normally limited by both above ground competition for light and by below ground competition	competition	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Mountaineers came away with another 38 – 35 victory, winning consecutive bowl games for the first time since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Elle is chained to the floor in a metal room, still in pain from her ability. She repeatedly	repeatedly	ADV	attacks	VERB	 attacks
In addition to the German delegation, the international fleet consisted of warships from Great Britain, Japan, Austria	Austria	PROPN	Hungary	PROPN	 Hungary
The song ascended to number four the following week, and was awarded with the Airplay Gainer honor again.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Although the amount of overbooked buses has been sharply reduced with this new system, Greyhound still does not explicitly	explicitly	ADV	guarantee	VERB	 guarantee
It hunts for a range of prey including fish, rodents, frogs and insects, either stalking them or	or	CCONJ	standing	VERB	 standing
It initially aired on AMC in the United States on October 23, 2011. The episode was written by	by	ADP	Glen	PROPN	 Glen
In a 2012 interview, Bure admitted having sustained a head injury on the Simpson hit and that " he	he	PRON	should	AUX	 should
Singer Shontelle and production duo Rock City wrote the song with its main producer, Sham. They wrote it	it	PRON	during	ADP	 during
More German troops had arrived and engaged the 22nd Armoured Brigade group along the road back to Livry. Tanks	Tanks	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Recurring characters in this episode include glee club members Mike Chang (Shum) and Sam Evans (Overstreet)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
However, due to the financial strain of paying off the AOL deal, Tel Save lost $221 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
This 3,000 m (150 chain) double track extension was inaugurated on 27 August 1907. The same year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, a remix of " Get Me Bodied " was available only on the individual release of Irreemplazable.	.	PUNCT	Beyoncé	PROPN	 Beyoncé
The thousands of double eagles and other coins on board were salvaged beginning in 1996, and once litigation concluded	concluded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
However, he is distracted by a car crash and goes to save the victims. Later, Jack visits	visits	VERB	the	DET	 the
Following the concert, President Izetbegović presented Bono with an honorary Bosnian passport, in recognition of his humanitarian efforts	efforts	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
The company was incorporated in May 1924, and produced over 20 films between 1925 and 1927. Briskin gave	gave	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In 1966 Mansfield was cast in Single Room Furnished, directed by then husband Matt Cimber. The film required	required	VERB	Mansfield	PROPN	 Mansfield
[E] ach constant point had to be perforated as many as four times. [...] When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Hitler viewed the church as an important politically conservative influence on society, and he adopted a strategic relationship with	with	ADP	it	PRON	 it
After several interruptions, Sir Joseph urged her to be quiet, eliciting the response " Crushed again! "	"	PUNCT	Gilbert	PROPN	 Gilbert
However, the problem of the Moon's motion is dauntingly complex, and Newton never published an accurate gravitational	gravitational	ADJ	model	NOUN	 model
) In July 1736, Linnaeus travelled to England, at Clifford's expense. He went to London to	to	PART	visit	VERB	 visit
Following the births of George (b. 1967) and Camilla (b. 1970), she struggled with post	post	NOUN	natal	NOUN	 natal
Their goal is an independent Skyrim free from Imperial interference. The Imperial Legion, led by General Tullius,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Geisel gave varying accounts of how he created The Cat in the Hat, but in the version he told	told	VERB	most	ADV	 most
A 1959 revolt in East Timor against the Portuguese was not endorsed by the Indonesian government. A 1962 United	United	PROPN	Nations	PROPN	 Nations
This may be achieved by comparing the ingroup to the outgroup on some new dimension, changing the values assigned	assigned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Water was drawn from a well in the eponymous Well Tower. Caernarfon's appearance differs from that of other	other	ADJ	Edwardian	ADJ	 Edwardian
Wallace William Wade's 1925 Alabama team won the 1926 Rose Bowl after receiving its first national title and William	William	PROPN	Alexander	PROPN	 Alexander
According to Dassault, the IMA greatly assists combat operations via data fusion, the continuous integration and analysis of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Chinook became a vital transit tool during the 1991 Gulf War in Iraq. They were used for moving	moving	VERB	troops	NOUN	 troops
In 1975, Amotz Zahavi proposed a verbal model for how signal costs could constrain cheating and stabilize an "	"	PUNCT	honest	ADJ	 honest
While he has a danger loving, fearless nature and loves a good fight, he prefers relaxing in the	the	DET	sun	NOUN	 sun
Nasser cut relations with the US following the war, and, according to Aburish, his policy of "	"	PUNCT	playing	VERB	 playing
Mueller, who scored 1290 out of 1600 on his SAT and a 31 on his ACT, was a	a	DET	highly	ADV	 highly
Thompson has called Aurobindo's teaching on spirituality a " radical anarchism " and a " post religious approach "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At Breakdown: In Your House, The Rock defeated Ken Shamrock and Mankind in a triple threat steel cage	cage	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
As of 1973, Monson was one of four members of the church's Missionary Executive Committee. From 1965	1965	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The scene was instead shown in the first part of " Scorpion ". One link remained in the "	"	PUNCT	Unity	NOUN	 Unity
After the Reformation, a separate parish likewise dedicated to St Bartholomew was granted in favour of St Bartholomew's	's	PART	Hospital	PROPN	 Hospital
While waiting for the bateaux to be completed, Arnold received word from scouts Colburn had sent out to reconnoiter	reconnoiter	VERB	the	DET	 the
With these capitulations, the French controlled the Rhine crossings at Düsseldorf and at the junction of the Rhine and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Speer surrounded the site with 130 anti aircraft searchlights. Speer described this as his most beautiful work, and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
The Saturn has a dual CPU architecture and eight processors. Its games are in CD ROM format, and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Both ' Ming ' Flanagan and McGrath had previously pledged their support to Norris. In order to secure a	a	DET	nomination	NOUN	 nomination
Units of the 17th Army began to arrive on Guadalcanal on August 19 to drive Allied forces from the island	island	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
10.08% in Upminster and 10.46% in Cranham report having no religion, compared to 13.18% in Havering	Havering	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I've always wanted to be involved in something he's making. Basically, I never thought I would	would	AUX	because	SCONJ	 because
The nebulous emission comes primarily from photoionized gas on the back surface of the cavity. The H II region	region	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The royal prerogative is in much use in the realm of foreign affairs. It is the monarch who recognises	recognises	VERB	foreign	ADJ	 foreign
He feels no pain and nothing can kill him, so therefore he's essentially a story device for action	action	NOUN	sequences	NOUN	 sequences
The fruit bodies are 6 – 14 cm (2.4 – 5.5 in) high. The conical cap is	is	AUX	3.5	NUM	 3.5
A magnetic stripe card is needed to enter the F Zero AX Internet Ranking system. Similarly to GX,	,	PUNCT	players	NOUN	 players
He also appeared on It's On with Alexa Chung, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Good Morning America,	,	PUNCT	Lopez	PROPN	 Lopez
The 2,500 strong Japanese force met the 39th and 53rd Infantry Battalions, at the town of Isurava. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Reach Records released five music videos for the album: " Lord Have Mercy ", featuring Tedashii along with	with	ADP	No	DET	 No
Warner Bros. promoted 300 by sponsoring the Ultimate Fighting Championship's light heavyweight champion Chuck Liddell, who made personal	personal	ADJ	appearances	NOUN	 appearances
A transport fleet protected by warships was organised; sixty ships sailed in all. Equipment, victuals, munitions	munitions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The great bulk of Russian supplies for North Korea in the early part of the war came in at Wonsan	Wonsan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Both lower holds can be equipped with a telescoping baggage system to load custom fitted cargo modules. When equipped	equipped	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The species in Queensland has declined rapidly and is now absent from the Brisbane region. Important strongholds for the	the	DET	population	NOUN	 population
Twelve were ordered for the opening of the first line, seven passenger and five goods. They were all	all	ADV	fitted	VERB	 fitted
This was seen as a sign of support of Hamburg's population for former chancellor Helmut Schmidt (born in	in	ADP	Hamburg	PROPN	 Hamburg
But they will not. " In the 1843 election Morton was set against George N. Briggs, a Whig	Whig	PROPN	lawyer	NOUN	 lawyer
His friendship with Karev is further strained when the two become trapped in an elevator with a patient who begins	begins	VERB	to	PART	 to
In some cases, such as that of the 22nd Panzer Division, their equipment was no better than that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
At 10: 04, the Ottoman ships completed a 16 point turn, which reversed their course, and	and	CCONJ	steamed	VERB	 steamed
Thus, she symbolises the aspect of the goddess as a giver, like Annapurna, the goddess of food	food	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A number of covered railway carriages " resembling the most luxurious of road coaches ", with cushioned seating and	and	CCONJ	cloth	NOUN	 cloth
" The women added the phrase " and women " to make "... all men and women are created	created	VERB	equal	ADJ	 equal
". The Doctor is able to avoid the choice when one of Gharman's followers reveals that Davros appears	appears	VERB	to	PART	 to
The episode's premise was based on an extinct type of beetle, which caused trouble for guest actor Kirk	Kirk	PROPN	Acevedo	PROPN	 Acevedo
Kamimura's ships engaged her for five minutes before she disappeared back into the mists. Later in the day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The following day, Prime minister Khalifa ibn Salman Al Khalifa praised the king's speech and shared his regret	regret	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity, working conditions, hours, and wages	wages	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dunn, who portrayed Duncan Kane, left the series midway through the season, although was credited as a	a	DET	main	ADJ	 main
In the autumn of 2009 he joined the Brown University faculty as the David and Marianna Fisher University Professor of	of	ADP	Africana	PROPN	 Africana
Along with Thomas Cromwell, he supported the principle of Royal Supremacy, in which the king was considered sovereign	sovereign	ADJ	over	ADP	 over
He was an organizing committee member of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists along with its founder Aleš Hrdlička.	.	PUNCT	Hooton	PROPN	 Hooton
The writer implicates himself in the story, portraying himself as his character's good friend and a main target	target	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Writing for Allmusic, David Jeffres called the EP's four songs a " sparse effort that leans towards pop	pop	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Li Long's fighting style in Soul Edge has been described as accessible to novices of the game, while	while	SCONJ	also	ADV	 also
The Hamshenis who were deported by Stalin to Kazakhstan began petitioning for the government to move them to the Armenian	Armenian	ADJ	SSR	PROPN	 SSR
Sayyid Abd al Rahman responded by telling the British that Sayyid Ali al Mirghani was pro Italian due to his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
Today, such copies are valued between £16,000 and £25,000. Five months later, the book won	won	VERB	its	PRON	 its
" Taylor bemoaned the fact that the generals had shown no second thoughts about ignoring US policy recommendations, particularly	particularly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
THX 1138 was released in March 1971 and Lucas was offered opportunities to direct Lady Ice (1973),	,	PUNCT	Tommy	PROPN	 Tommy
Afflictions such as disease and poison can reduce the player's attributes. When players reach 25, 50,	,	PUNCT	75	NUM	 75
The summer of 1938 saw ten down and eight up trains for passengers, with eleven each way on Saturdays	Saturdays	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
” Together with Paul Beatty ’ s seminal collection of poems, Joker Joker Deuce (1994) Coval cites	cites	VERB	the	DET	 the
The extratropical remnants of Carrie skirted eastern New England before making landfall in Maine on September 4 and dissipating over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 82nd Airborne captured its primary objective at Sainte Mère Église and worked to protect the western flank. Its	Its	PRON	failure	NOUN	 failure
He also collaborated with colorist Adrian Delude in changing the exposure for all cameras used which, according to Schliessler	Schliessler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
C. mutica are poor swimmers and move around predominantly in an undulating inchworm like fashion, using their posterior pereopods	pereopods	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Greater productivity was recorded in summer (65.96 g / m2) than winter (15.76 g / m2)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" I hope our nurse will be nice to our friend now. " Tyutcheva was eventually fired. She	She	PRON	took	VERB	 took
It is one of the best known American tobacco advertising campaigns. In 1999, Advertising Age ranked the jingle	jingle	NOUN	eighth	ADJ	 eighth
His string of election wins was enabled by a system of a malapportionment gerrymander that bore his name, the	the	DET	'	PUNCT	 '
Oregon has several different growing regions within the state's borders that are well suited to the cultivation of grapes	grapes	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
These clubs and organizations run the gamut from sailing to Ultimate Frisbee, from varsity and club sports and a	a	DET	jazz	NOUN	 jazz
Also in 1950, a ski flying hill was built at Kulm in Tauplitz / Bad Mitterndorf, Austria.	.	PUNCT	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
On October 29, 1987, Stone announced he had joined the Republican Party and expressed his intention to run	run	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In the spin off title Mega Man Xtreme, he is an assistant character but becomes playable in the sequel	sequel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Homer3 later became a segment in IMAX's CyberWorld 3D. " Treehouse of Horror VI " was the first of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The parish is part of the North Somerset county constituency of the House of Commons. It has been represented	represented	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
Development of the game began in 2003 with the original intention of releasing the game for the PlayStation 2.	.	PUNCT	Sony	PROPN	 Sony
The island reopened at the end of 2001, while the pedestal and statue remained off limits. The pedestal	pedestal	NOUN	reopened	VERB	 reopened
Site clearing and foundation work would have been scheduled to begin after completion of the diversion work in the seventh	seventh	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
In the two weeks following the first significant U.S. ground troop engagement on July 5, the U.S. Army estimated	estimated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Korean ship Ishlin Glory sank in the Korea Strait on July 29, which led to one death and	and	CCONJ	11	NUM	 11
Kirk is beamed aboard the Klingon ship, where Spock and the Klingon General Korrd force Klaa to stand down	down	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
" As their careers progressed, the Sedins have worked on their strength, improving their puck possession and allowing	allowing	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Drama Queen received a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Urban Music Album at the 2011 Latin Grammy Awards (which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Jolie's reputation began to change positively after she, at age 26, became a Goodwill Ambassador for the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The second thrust consisted of a battalion group from the division, which was to set out at 5 am	am	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Homer buys the meat, eats it, and contracts food poisoning. After recovering, Homer returns to the	the	DET	Kwik	PROPN	 Kwik
Despite its short duration, the war itself cost Prussia thirty three million florins. For the Austrians, the	the	DET	cost	NOUN	 cost
As of 2011, the category name has not changed since 2005. For the 45th Grammy Awards (2003	2003	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The venue was kept secret until the performance, although it was revealed to be a prominent landmark in Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
After retirement from the Air Force in 1946, he became a manager with Australian National Airways, and was	was	AUX	active	ADJ	 active
While doing so, the Hero meets his double in Real Weaver's Peak, who gets spooked, and	and	CCONJ	speaks	VERB	 speaks
He also noted that the series was different from his other works, and was unsure of how the audience	audience	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The parish of St Bartholomew the Great was designated as a Liberty, responsible for the upkeep and security of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Heavier aircraft stand on the floor of the building, which covers 6,500 m2 (70,000 sq ft).	.	PUNCT	Construction	NOUN	 Construction
In Weymouth the coast path runs along Weymouth Harbour and the Wey Estuary up to Radipole Lake, through the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
The Illuminated Chronicle relates that the childless Stephen "... so ordered the succession to the throne that after his	his	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
The electrostatic units of measure are now known as the statampere, the statvolt, the statcoulomb and so on	on	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
However, as the construction of a new Vestfold Line was put on hold, an intermediate solution was found	found	VERB	to	PART	 to
Impero was to be fitted with a catapult on her stern and equipped with three IMAM Ro.43 reconnaissance float planes	planes	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
At 2008 World Series of Poker she again had three in the money finishes. She placed 57 of 605	605	NUM	in	ADP	 in
For several days, the Hurricane Hunters reported similar winds, along with gusts up to 140 mph (230	230	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Sean S. Cunningham explained, " With a new television series on the horizon and plans announced for the thirteenth	thirteenth	ADJ	installment	NOUN	 installment
" The first was written when Timmons was first with Blakey; the others were composed when he was with	with	ADP	Adderley	PROPN	 Adderley
Faced with the reality of Nazi oversight, Hergé abandoned the overt political themes that had pervaded much of his	his	PRON	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
Parker and Stone offered Seinfeld the throwaway background part of one of the turkeys, but Seinfeld's agent was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Alabama did not play SEC Eastern Division opponents Georgia, Kentucky, South Carolina, Florida or Vanderbilt as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The technology of blast furnace may have either been transferred from China, or may have been an indigenous innovation	innovation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He died of a heart attack the following year. The bell captain of the Desert Inn, Jack Butler	Butler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He was awarded received an honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of Edinburgh in 1884. Stokvis also chaired	chaired	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Mauritius government later evacuated residents to structures that were not destroyed. Following the storm, various countries donated	donated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The first combat capable Block 3.0 aircraft first flew in 2001. Increment 2, the first F 22 upgrade	upgrade	NOUN	program	NOUN	 program
Zubir is primarily remembered for composing Singapore's national anthem, " Majulah Singapura " (" Onward Singapore "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
However, the lame duck Republican controlled city council approved routing I 95 along Adams and Jackson streets in 1957	1957	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The 125th day commemorative celebrations were held in the presence of C. N. Annadurai, the then Chief Minister of	of	ADP	Tamil	PROPN	 Tamil
A marked change in Irving's reputation can be seen in the surveys of the historiography of the Third Reich	Reich	PROPN	produced	VERB	 produced
Nearly all the fighting was outside of the state's boundaries. Only one significant conflict, known as Morgan	Morgan	PROPN	's	PART	's
The club came close to folding in 1986 after experiencing severe financial difficulties before it was saved by a consortium	consortium	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
According to an interview with Joypad, a French gaming magazine, in 2004, Yasumi Matsuno claimed during its	its	PRON	development	NOUN	 development
An acquaintance of Kent's, Stephen Aldrich, Rector of St John Clerkenwell, reassured her that she would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The growth of cervical loop cells into the deeper tissues forms Hertwig's Epithelial Root Sheath, which determines a	a	DET	tooth	NOUN	 tooth
He was given a secret identity of Ed Tilden. He was irked at being passed over as its head	head	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In addition to the catacombs, a separate graveyard was established, located south of East Street on Back of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mariano Prunes of AllMusic compared the track to the work of Spanish singer Jeanette on the song " Porque Te	Te	PROPN	Vas	PROPN	 Vas
M 212 was assigned on December 29, 1937, from the intersection with Second Street to an intersection with	with	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
The song fades out " to implicate that the music went to infinity. " Hebden recorded the album between	between	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
' ". Guy Pearce as Peter Weyland: Weyland is the billionaire founder and CEO of Weyland Corp. Lindelof	Lindelof	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
Sir Nicholas Fury: The Queen's intelligence officer (referred to as the " intelligencer ") and responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The coastline here forms part of the " key on land Palaeocene site in the London Basin ", and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The line opened on 1 January 1869, the L & SWR running services from Waterloo and Ludgate Hill via	via	ADP	Addison	PROPN	 Addison
" Children's Literature reviewer Claudia Mills gave generally positive comments, calling the novel " engrossing and engaging "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
World War I caused several changes at the school. During the conflict and for some time afterwards, Georgia	Georgia	PROPN	Tech	PROPN	 Tech
Johnsen, who produced the demo tape, shopped it to a few labels, with no success. Eventually	Eventually	ADV	the	DET	 the
SAS has an annual employee turnover of three to five percent, while the software industry's average is 20	20	NUM	to	PART	 to
Holmes spent the next six years drafting legislation and gaining support for his cause, and in 1855, the	the	DET	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
Entwistle's " Success Story " gave a humorous look at the music industry, and " Squeeze Box "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Ukraine's relationship with NATO and Europe has been politically divisive, and contributed to " Euromaidan " protests that	that	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
The job of the radar pickets was to warn the fleet of incoming kamikazes; but because they were often	often	ADV	the	DET	 the
In the subproblem to which the widest path problem applies, two images have already been transformed into a common	common	ADJ	coordinate	NOUN	 coordinate
Dawes eventually became Comptroller of the Currency; he recorded in his published diary that he had strongly urged McKinley	McKinley	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Thus, Walker went on to wear # 4 at Michigan. Walker played football at Michigan from the 1998	1998	NUM	NCAA	PROPN	 NCAA
The sleeve artwork for Achtung Baby was designed by Steve Averill, who had created the majority of U2's	's	PART	album	NOUN	 album
Part Three starts with the prefectural tournament still in progress. After another win by Seishu, Akane is hospitalized	hospitalized	VERB	due	ADJ	 due
Live performances of the song are included on the expanded edition of The Byrds ' (Untitled) album and	and	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
The demands of combat during World War II led to changes in the composition of Army units. The success	success	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Victor Child Villiers, 7th Earl of Jersey, leased the castle to the Corporation of Rochester in 1870 for	for	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
He adopted a plan to capture a hill where republican guns could dominate the city's harbour and force the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
Toyoharu's works helped pioneer the landscape as an ukiyo e subject, rather than merely a background for human	human	ADJ	figures	NOUN	 figures
However, within the space of five years, the large crowds disappeared from Irish football stadia and combined with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Maureece Rice, who scored 2,681, and Wilt Chamberlain, who scored 2,206, were the only players who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
As a result, Rusli's orally influenced story telling technique, often wandering from the plot to describe something	something	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Lennon contributed piano to the recording and while most of the part was removed, traces of it remain in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kondracki added that while she wanted to be optimistic and hoped that the screening would " lead to genuine discussion	discussion	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Besides the Belmont, Springbok won the 1874 and 1875 Saratoga Cup and the 1874 Citizens Stakes. During the	the	DET	1870s	NUM	 1870s
The Cape sparrow has three subspecies. The nominate subspecies Passer melanurus melanurus is found in eastern South Africa,	,	PUNCT	east	ADV	 east
The album charted for 41 weeks on the Billboard 200, serving as the longest chart run of Saadiq's	's	PART	career	NOUN	 career
This was the official report of Shen Kuo on his reforms of the Chinese calendar, which were only partially	partially	ADV	adopted	VERB	 adopted
He served the 1975 – 76 season on a one year extension. His contract was not renewed. Ramsay	Ramsay	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
According to Webber, Serra "... was obsessed with reproducing the amazing use of light by the artists of	of	ADP	that	DET	 that
Between 1934 and the mid 1940s, several variants of the Panzer I were designed, especially during the later	later	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
Idunn said: I'm not saying words of blame to Loki, in Ægir's hall I quietened Bragi	Bragi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This mobile class of people are differentiating urban areas in terms of values, culture, economic specialization, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Although points are not awarded in the game and the murder of police officers is discouraged to the player,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In real life, he's an incredibly interesting guy, and at the very least, it's much	much	ADV	easier	ADJ	 easier
Several ships on each side were damaged by the time the engagement was broken off. As a result of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Rams failed to cross midfield at all in the second half, and were held to only 97 yards	yards	NOUN	passing	VERB	 passing
Out of all fifty six athletes participating in the event, Chris Brown ranked first; Michael Mathieu tied Australia	Australia	PROPN	's	PART	's
He died on January 24, 1861. Robert Perkins Letcher was born in Goochland County, Virginia, on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
From the 13th century onward, the region was controlled by the Bengal Sultanate, Hindu kings and Baro Bhuyan	Bhuyan	PROPN	landlords	NOUN	 landlords
At the outbreak of war he was stationed on the German – Franco border flying uneventful patrols. Serving as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
According to the Hampshire Review, the only serious injury sustained was a broken wooden leg. Following the collapse	collapse	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
So it can't be done? " Despite the call, Belding still would not let Showell play.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
The physician Hua Tuo (d. 208 CE) was nominated for office while another became Prefect of the Gentlemen	Gentlemen	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
For the 2015 season, the NFL adopted a rule on extra points that stated the placekick must be kicked	kicked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
He was sworn in to represent the federal government before the Supreme Court when it convened – about a week	week	NOUN	late	ADV	 late
The magistrate also made a survey of the spared parts of town from which it appears that 8,749 former residents	residents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When the pregnant woman is isolated during childbirth in the lying in chamber, a cow dung figure of the	the	DET	goddess	NOUN	 goddess
Milian received writing credit for seven songs on the album, often basing them on personal experiences. The musical	musical	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
Also within the earth shard, a separate gallery accommodates a programme of temporary exhibitions. These have included the	the	DET	Witness	PROPN	 Witness
Cold Fusion Video felt that although the film was entertaining, it lacked the heart and wit of Jim Henson	Henson	PROPN	's	PART	's
Sarah ends up in an oubliette where she reunites with Hoggle. After they confront Jareth and escape one of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
" The review additionally argued that the remake hampered the game, citing that battles that would take " mere	mere	ADJ	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
Go back to your Apollo data, go back to your computer, do whatever you have to, but	but	CCONJ	make	VERB	 make
The battalion commenced operations in late June 1965 and initially focussed on defeating the Viet Cong's wet season offensive	offensive	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Elites initially had simple mouths, which developed into pairs of split mandibles substituting for the lower jaws.	.	PUNCT	Bungie	NOUN	 Bungie
The latter have an " L " suffix in their textual representation. The Decimal type / class in module	module	NOUN	decimal	PROPN	 decimal
To promote the single, Minogue performed the song on several televised shows. Minogue debuted the single live on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Epaminondas ' acceptance of the Achaean oligarchies roused protests by both the Arcadians and his political rivals, and his	his	PRON	settlement	NOUN	 settlement
By mid August the army, then under the command of Major General Philip Schuyler, was encamped south of	of	ADP	Stillwater	PROPN	 Stillwater
" The Huffington Post writer Baggers described it as " pop at its best: instant, euphoric, joyful	joyful	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Universal, Sony and Lionsgate, and CBS Films had been some of the interested companies. According to sources	sources	NOUN	close	ADJ	 close
Communication impairments are partly attributed to memory deficits, and AAC intervention may be used to compensate for deficits and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
Lyrically, " Live to Tell " portrays the complexity of deceit and mistrust. The song is also about	about	ADP	childhood	NOUN	 childhood
Parker and Matt Stone originally considered doing a full length Queef Sisters episode in the style of the second season	season	NOUN	premiere	NOUN	 premiere
Other items that Murrell used in his magical practices were a copper charm with which he would allegedly distinguish whether	whether	SCONJ	an	DET	 an
The game features 51 missions that involve exterminations, retrieval of objects, and rearguard actions. A campaign,	,	PUNCT	comprising	VERB	 comprising
According to historian Barry Werth, " it was standard gossip that ' Beecher preaches to seven or eight of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The details of her fate are unknown, but presumably she was sold and scrapped. The Norwegians had built	built	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Because Sarah was frequently absent from home, and often detained overnight at the local police station, Formby was	was	AUX	regularly	ADV	 regularly
Destruction was greatest near the shore and on islands such as Cedar Key and Dog Island, though tornadoes spawned	spawned	VERB	by	ADP	 by
These included Germans who had collaborated with Germany before the war, but also those who considered themselves German but	but	CCONJ	had	AUX	 had
The Eurasian eagle owl has a very wide range across much of Europe and Asia, estimated to be about	about	ADV	32,000,000	NUM	 32,000,000
In 1166, Baldwin was the addressee of a work by John of Salisbury, Expectiatione longa, which was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Though the kiss is " informed by the fact that Dax was a man in her past life ",	,	PUNCT	once	SCONJ	 once
" This was echoed by several writers, and sportswriter television personality Michael Wilbon said that " NBA players have	have	AUX	endured	VERB	 endured
This made the hi hat sound more " crisp and clean ", with higher quality sound in the back	back	NOUN	row	NOUN	 row
When a tornado hits Erinsborough, Susan waits it out in Harold's Store with Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver	Oliver	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The house which was his birthplace at 62 Carver Street no longer exists; also, the street has since	since	ADV	been	AUX	 been
A total of over 1,132 plant species have been identified parkwide. The predominantly coniferous forest is home to various	various	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
Despite eating, writing, and throwing a football right handed, Hilliard shoots left handed. As a freshman	freshman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
June was almost as bad; although the team had 12 wins and 17 losses, the bullpen improved to	to	ADP	one	NUM	 one
The pirates were sent to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where a brief military tribunal found them guilty and	and	CCONJ	sentenced	VERB	 sentenced
After defending the Canal in early 1915 from Ottoman attacks, the ship was then transferred to the Dardanelles in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
After the defeat at Battle of Buxar and grant of the Diwani (revenue collection) of Bengal by the	the	DET	then	ADV	 then
At first, the Allied offensive was planned just for Tulagi and the Santa Cruz Islands, omitting Guadalcanal.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The Ten or More Plan, established by UNHCR in 1973 and administered in the UK by the British Red	Red	PROPN	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
The popular Italian repertoire remained the core of the annual seasons, mostly directed by the head of production,	,	PUNCT	John	PROPN	 John
After Gladys entered the Gulf of Mexico, the NHC issued hurricane warnings for the Florida Keys to Cedar Key	Key	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Whilst travelling back home on the train she was approached by another scout who was forming a band and asked	asked	VERB	if	SCONJ	 if
According to Kristin Veitch of TV Guide, representatives from the WB Television Network (the WB) released a	a	DET	statement	NOUN	 statement
They visit the hotel, where Shawn gets keys to every room. Shawn becomes involved with the ceremony,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Mighty Ducks returned Getzlaf to the Hitmen for the 2003 – 04 season. He recorded 75 points in	in	ADP	just	ADV	 just
She admitted she had a " father complex ", explaining it by saying, " Having been brought up	up	ADP	without	ADP	 without
The battle's impact on the American Revolutionary War in the southern theater was minor, but the failure of	of	ADP	Patriot	PROPN	 Patriot
The compound is a dinucleotide, because it consists of two nucleotides joined through their phosphate groups. One nucleotide	nucleotide	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
In an interview with UpVenue, bassist Jonathan Gallant announced that the Canadian tour would begin in winter 2010 but	but	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
At the same time, psychedelia was making strides in the hedonistic swinging London society, where bands like Pink	Pink	PROPN	Floyd	PROPN	 Floyd
The Glass like motif returns for the song ’ s finale. Parsons characterizes this same song as " a	a	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
In response, Burgundian winemakers hired physician Jean Baptiste de Salins, dean of the medical school in Beaune,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The first Welsh football game at the stadium was played against Finland in 2000, and drew a then record	record	NOUN	home	NOUN	 home
Thus the voivodes were never autonomous, but remained provincial officials. The voivodes were heads of Fehér County from	from	ADP	1201	NUM	 1201
His soldiers managed to free the horse from the mud and to bring him to the Blachernae alive. Saktikios	Saktikios	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Due to its development delays, Phantasmagoria was released after other interactive movie games like Wing Commander III and Under	Under	ADP	a	DET	 a
Main belt comets may have been a major source of the Earth's oceans, because the deuterium – hydrogen	hydrogen	NOUN	ratio	NOUN	 ratio
Detailed observations reveal a large disk of dust and gas orbiting the star, which was the first debris disk	disk	NOUN	to	PART	 to
After several days camped on his lawn as practice for the trip, and then in other nearby locales,	,	PUNCT	Meeker	PROPN	 Meeker
Otherwise it would not be necessary in criminal statutes that are intended to punish buyers as well as sellers of	of	ADP	illegal	ADJ	 illegal
" And I said, " OK, what kind of car? " He says, " Just put	put	VERB	the	DET	 the
Similarly, using a topical retinoid with an antibiotic clears acne lesions faster than the use of antibiotics alone.	.	PUNCT	Frequently	ADV	 Frequently
" In October 2011, Pascu returned to Cluj Napoca as a celebrity host for the inauguration of Cluj Arena	Arena	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On Day 12 he was nominated for eviction along with Cairon and on Day 16, with 26.84%,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The game is the fourth installment to the Devil May Cry series. It later on generated a handheld version	version	NOUN	released	VERB	 released
On 23 February 1517, the day of Saint Lazarus, another city was spotted and named San Lázaro by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Additionally, he said: " I had two ideas that did not fit the song. She said	said	VERB	no	INTJ	 no
Haas defeated Benjamin in the ensuing match. Haas continued to wrestle on the lower midcard spot, becoming a	a	DET	regular	ADJ	 regular
Cyrus promoted the song with several live performances. The first, at the Kids Inaugural: " We Are	Are	AUX	the	DET	 the
Combined with other demands on the limited resource pool, this resulted in the Third Army exhausting its fuel supplies	supplies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dukovac left Italy in 1946 and became a captain in the Syrian Air Force. During the 1948 Arab –	–	PUNCT	Israeli	PROPN	 Israeli
It is a matter of debate to what extent this move was locally motivated and to what degree the Milošević	Milošević	PROPN	led	VERB	 led
On its initial November 12, 2009 broadcast in the United States, " Of Human Action " was watched	watched	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Patton graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy and acted in Shakespeare plays such as Much Ado About Nothing and Romeo	Romeo	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
From the state line, DE 11 heads northeast on two lane, undivided Arthursville Road through a mix of	of	ADP	woods	NOUN	 woods
However, also according to Chadbourne, " Ricky " lacks the comedic connection Yankovic cultivates in later albums,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In Drosophila and C. elegans, miRNA and siRNA are processed by distinct argonaute proteins and dicer enzymes. Three	Three	NUM	prime	ADJ	 prime
This proposal was cancelled on December 1, 2006, after the New Jersey Turnpike Authority decided to use funds	funds	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Benigno gave the song an " A − ", and called it a " rafter raiser ". The	The	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
Several other systems brought minor impacts to land. Overall, storms during this season caused about $59.8 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
While it was possible to repair her, the ship was not thought worth the time or expense. Her	Her	PRON	hulk	NOUN	 hulk
Andrew's first wife, Fenenna of Kuyavia, gave birth to a daughter, Elizabeth, in 1291 or	or	CCONJ	1292	NUM	 1292
The combat at Latrun also carries a symbolic significance because of the participation of Holocaust survivors. Today, the	the	DET	battleground	NOUN	 battleground
Poe had drawn attention to it as a novelty over four months in the Philadelphia publication Alexander's Weekly Messenger	Messenger	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Cyrus is seen in a black T shirt tossing rocks at the ocean and looking at a picture of a	a	DET	blond	ADJ	 blond
In early October, they were invited by MTV to join the Campus Invasion Tour, playing ten dates in	in	ADP	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
The album marked a more mature approach for the band. With the departure of Cattermole, S Club released	released	VERB	their	PRON	 their
He made his National Hockey League (NHL) debut on October 7, 1995 against the Calgary Flames.	.	PUNCT	Langkow	PROPN	 Langkow
The key danger posed by climate change is malnutrition or starvation due to habitat loss. Polar bears hunt seals	seals	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Aspects of Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism were consciously synthesized in the Neo Confucian school, which eventually became	became	VERB	Imperial	ADJ	 Imperial
As the population of German settlers in the region began to increase, the desire for Lutheran religious services and	and	CCONJ	education	NOUN	 education
At this point, NY 64 turns west onto US 20 and NY 5. The three routes head westward	westward	ADV	across	ADP	 across
When he finally made his speech to the assembly, he failed to respond to the political aspects of the	the	DET	dispute	NOUN	 dispute
In July 2016, The Hindu included Mullum Malarum in its list of " roles that defined Rajinikanth the actor	actor	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Woodford was disappointed by their silence, but acknowledged that even had he won a shareholder vote to become chief	chief	ADJ	executive	NOUN	 executive
Shiva Purana describes Sharabha as thousand armed, lion faced and with matted hair, wings and eight feet.	.	PUNCT	Sharabha	PROPN	 Sharabha
It had strong quill knobs on the ulna, indicating that the secondary remiges were well developed. One coracoid	coracoid	NOUN	measured	VERB	 measured
As the remaining Polish forces repelled the assault, their tanks were forced to use the last of their ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The proceedings were televised by the international media, but broadcast signals of CNN and BBC inside China were reportedly	reportedly	ADV	blocked	VERB	 blocked
" Robert Copsey of Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars, commenting that although she sings	sings	VERB	through	ADP	 through
The station was staffed by a single porter, responsible for opening the gates of a nearby level crossing and	and	CCONJ	for	ADP	 for
Former Premier of Newfoundland Joey Smallwood declined appointment as a Companion because he felt that, as a self proclaimed	proclaimed	VERB	Father	PROPN	 Father
The star is part of the Helmi stream, a former dwarf galaxy that merged with the Milky Way between	between	ADP	six	NUM	 six
Dudley's mother was descended from Henry II of England through her Purefoy ancestors, and like many other young	young	ADJ	men	NOUN	 men
460 – c. 370 BC), also known as Hippocrates II, was a Greek physician of the Age	Age	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Chief fights Covenant and Flood to the Captain, but finds out he is too late — the Captain	Captain	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
After church Homer takes Bart and Lisa to the Springfield dump to dispose of their old Christmas tree, where	where	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Conversely, some shortfall in return on euro deposits must be offset by some expected gain from appreciation of the	the	DET	euro	NOUN	 euro
The first distinct cracks began to appear in the spring, 1943. Galland suggested that the fighter forces defending	defending	VERB	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
The next day the 1st Battalion captured Chungam ni, and the 2nd Battalion captured the long ridge line running	running	VERB	northwest	ADV	 northwest
Black and tan markings are known as " King Charles ", while " Prince Charles " is tricoloured,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Mary Balfour (1817 – 93), a noted watercolour artist who married Henry Arthur Herbert, owner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bush woke up twenty minutes later, but did not resume his presidential powers and duties until 9: 24	24	NUM	a.m.	ADV	 a.m.
It is an understory plant in sclerophyll forests, associated with Eucalyptus signata and Banksia spinulosa var. collina.	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
Batik Jogja typically has white background and is preserved by the Yogyakarta Sultanate and Pakualaman Court. Coastal batik is	is	AUX	produced	VERB	 produced
Seismic activity around Adams is very low and it is one of the quietest volcanoes in Oregon and Washington.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Delegate C.W. Cleaton introduced a bill to prohibit school districts from raising private money to operate integrated schools, Senator	Senator	PROPN	Eugene	PROPN	 Eugene
BrightSource Energy received a $1.6 billion loan guarantee from the United States Department of Energy to build the project	project	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Opposing closer Jason Isringhausen said, " ' Hells Bells ' in San Diego is Trevor. It's	's	AUX	like	ADP	 like
In Vižinada, the route turns south once more as it reaches the Ž5042 intersection connecting Višnjan after another five	five	NUM	kilometres	NOUN	 kilometres
The design incorporated the principles of power and reliability established by George Churchward, using a Belpaire firebox that sloped	sloped	VERB	downwards	NOUN	 downwards
Boise National Forest contains 75 percent of the known populations of Sacajawea's bitterroot, a flowering plant endemic to	to	ADP	Idaho	PROPN	 Idaho
James Longstreet eventually rode after Magruder, and persuaded him to reverse course. This incident delayed Magruder's arrival	arrival	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
At the base, the tooth is broadest on the lower end. The tooth is slightly curved upward towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 2000, Merle Hay Mall attracted an average of 35,000 shoppers per day. In a 1994 interview with	with	ADP	The	DET	 The
] I suspect the writers are aware that ultimately what all of us want for the Dunder Mifflin employees is	is	AUX	love	NOUN	 love
Initially these institutions were designed for the training of clerics, but they would increasingly be used by laymen who	who	PRON	would	AUX	 would
He wrote a book on experimental psychology and its methods and scope; published articles on the studies at his	his	PRON	labs	NOUN	 labs
It was the last in a series of three cyclones that impacted Madagascar during the year. Hudah first developed	developed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" Traum durch die Dämmerung " appeared also in English in a translation by John Bernhoff and Nelia Fabretto,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
During this time, Cigarette Smoking Man would often visit him in his office. Kersh assigned Mulder and Scully	Scully	PROPN	mostly	ADV	 mostly
The red ruffed lemur was downgraded to endangered status from critically endangered status by the IUCN in 2008. The	The	DET	justification	NOUN	 justification
I no sooner received this message by him, than I rightly conceived your meaning; and if, as	as	SCONJ	you	PRON	 you
The stadium hosted the opening ceremony followed by the opening match between Brazil and Croatia, three other group stage	stage	NOUN	matches	NOUN	 matches
/ Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77) commanded by Hilmer von Bülow Bothkamp II. / Trägergruppe 186 (Carrier	Carrier	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
The euro was founded on 1 January 1999, when it became the currency of over 300 million people in	in	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
Brachytherapy is commonly used as an effective treatment for cervical, prostate, breast, and skin cancer and can	can	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The maximum size is subject to debate because some reports are rough estimations or speculations performed under questionable circumstances.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
Brogger otherwise accepted the sound as " enough [...] to get by ", but that nothing would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Wright then beat Miller with three consecutive leg breaks, before the batsman struck back against Bedser with consecutive boundaries	boundaries	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
By the next day, Homer has lost all his hair and, bald again, arrives at the meeting	meeting	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Chandler in response asks a female nurse to go out on a date with him; she declines immediately,	,	PUNCT	adding	VERB	 adding
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, NY 30 was reassigned elsewhere while US 4 was	was	AUX	rerouted	VERB	 rerouted
Banner agrees that it may not be a coincidence that Monroe launched a trend of platinum blonde actresses during the	the	DET	Civil	PROPN	 Civil
Cædwalla's military successes may be the reason that at about this time the term " West Saxon " starts	starts	VERB	to	PART	 to
Lakshmi dotes on Gundamma's daughter Saroja, an arrogant woman who loves Lakshmi. The film's centrepiece is	is	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
Malcolm Allison had a strong recent record as a coach, having won trophies with Manchester City as an assistant	assistant	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Critical reception towards the video was favourable, with many critics enjoying its concept and imagery. The music video	video	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Filmed shortly after the Bolshevik victory in the Russian Civil War of 1917 – 22, with the derelict battleship	battleship	NOUN	Dvenadsat	PROPN	 Dvenadsat
The giant otter is an especially noisy animal, with a complex repertoire of vocalizations. All otters produce vocalizations	vocalizations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Whiting and Magruder's erroneous reports led Lee to send a draft of orders to Magruder via Dickinson: "	"	PUNCT	General	PROPN	 General
She explained, " I wouldn't ordinarily have gone. I didn't care so much about the idea	idea	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Back in his laboratory in the basement of his house, Neville treats the female without success. The next	next	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
The system was first noted within the South Pacific convergence zone as a small tropical depression on November 13,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
" Andrew Lincoln as Rick Grimes: The series ' protagonist and a former sheriff's deputy who is the	the	DET	leader	NOUN	 leader
A variety of signs accompany concussion including somatic (such as headache), cognitive (such as feeling in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In languages other than English, its name also reflects the action it resembles. Sports journalist Alejandro Cisternas,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The road contains several significant buildings including the Wellcome Library, the British Library and the St. Pancras Renaissance London	London	PROPN	Hotel	PROPN	 Hotel
One of the most notable story lines for Martha was her secret life as a pole dancer and subsequent road	road	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
It often forms fairy rings or arcs but also sometimes fruits as isolated specimens. It has been found growing	growing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Diverse and complex faulting and geologic instability have shaped the Santa Ana River watershed. The San Andreas Fault runs	runs	VERB	across	ADP	 across
Mary Schiavo was raised in Williams County, Ohio, and received her pilot's license while studying in her	her	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
In July 2007 Siobhan Dillon started in the role of Patty Simcox in the musical Grease and later went on	on	ADP	to	PART	 to
The same night, Paterson was also inspired while listening to Cluster's Grosses Wasser and found that the steel	steel	NOUN	works	VERB	 works
Leonard worked on the chord changes for the verses and the chorus. He hired guitarist Bruce Gaitsch and bass	bass	NOUN	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
We're in a cinema, and we expect something epic. " He opined that " in the great	great	ADJ	arc	NOUN	 arc
On the basis of this agreement, New York public health commissioner Mark Green, with support of Mayor David	David	PROPN	Dinkins	PROPN	 Dinkins
Taiwan also decided to boycott these Games because the People's Republic of China (PRC) exerted pressure on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In any event, McNicoll experienced a particularly demanding tenure as Fleet Commander since the RAN was in the process	process	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On May 31, 2014 Kai appeared on West Coast Wrestling Connection, slapping Kylie Sutton for allegedly implying that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Restoration of the reserve was assisted by Natural England, and the removal of salt was helped by natural freshwater	freshwater	NOUN	springs	NOUN	 springs
The change was approved; however, the toll road was dissolved anyway three years later on March 30,	,	PUNCT	1838	NUM	 1838
" All but two of the accused – Allen and Larkin – claimed that they had witnesses who would testify	testify	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In the Southern Hemisphere, they feed almost exclusively on euphausiids (mainly the genera Euphausia and Thysanoessa),	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
The Luftwaffe played only a minor role on D Day. At Gold, several small groups of bombers that	that	PRON	arrived	VERB	 arrived
In 1996, the last of the IAF's Hunters were phased out of service, the remaining single squadron	squadron	NOUN	operating	VERB	 operating
They all have hydration rinds but no native sulfur deposits. This stage generated Aucanquilcha's only pyroclastic flow during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
The beginning of venous thrombosis is thought to be caused by tissue factor, which leads to conversion of prothrombin	prothrombin	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Intrigued by the often heard phrase " life as we know it ", Anderson wanted to set the aliens	aliens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
First Stanley Cup finals in the capital in 80 years The 2006 – 07 Senators thus became the first Ottawa	Ottawa	PROPN	team	NOUN	 team
Kitty, George Sr. ' s former assistant and mistress, tries to blackmail the company. She is	is	AUX	caught	VERB	 caught
The first mention of Guilllaume de Dole after the Middle Ages is found in the work of Claude Fauchet,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Fellow teammate and luger Levan Gureshidize who was to compete with Nodar withdrew after the crash telling teammates that he	he	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
A glossy stripe, situated at the back of the note, showing the value numeral and the euro symbol	symbol	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Several radio interviews and television stations issued information on the expected storm. Many residents believed they were insufficiently warned	warned	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
While sitting out, Brendon spots Erik and Paula engaging in meaningless and casual flirtation in the bleachers, which	which	PRON	Brendon	PROPN	 Brendon
Beijinhos das Caldas (" little kisses ") are similar, but are smaller and spherical. Other local	local	ADJ	sweets	NOUN	 sweets
" During the 1920s professors from Boston and Harvard Universities left the confines of their campuses and traveled to teach	teach	VERB	courses	NOUN	 courses
Angle, however, decided to take his name out of the running for a title shot and vowed to	to	PART	fight	VERB	 fight
The Football Association, particularly Ted Croker, were impressed with Revie's personality and ideas. He was a	a	DET	popular	ADJ	 popular
The second round plays almost exactly the same as the first round; however, the questions were asked to	to	ADP	men	NOUN	 men
” The world of All That Glitters had always been female dominated but Lear also used the series to comment	comment	VERB	on	ADP	 on
E. H. Gary, president of U. S. Steel, agreed in principle to this transaction, yet argued that	that	SCONJ	without	ADP	 without
Drum begins with the central character, sportswriter Henry Nxumalo, reporting on a boxing match with Nelson Mandela.	.	PUNCT	Nxumalo	NOUN	 Nxumalo
The couple also had six daughters, five of whom survived infancy, and one other son, who died	died	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Tonelli was driving the powerboat when he did a U turn that resulted in his teammate being thrown off his	his	PRON	skis	NOUN	 skis
The song is an electro, R & B and dancehall track. Aguilera's vocals are distorted in parts	parts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The game counted as a regular season game in baseball statistics. As a result, Dom DiMaggio and Vern	Vern	PROPN	Stephens	PROPN	 Stephens
After that he contacted other spiritual figures, who, along with Babajan, he later said were the five	five	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
After spending seven consecutive weeks atop the Hot Latin Songs chart, " Fotos y Recuerdos " was displaced by	by	ADP	Mexican	ADJ	 Mexican
When Lois wipes off Stewie's fake pencil mustache, Stewie compares the saliva being cleaned on his upper lip	lip	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, was passed by the Parliament of Canada in 2001 as Bill C 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Esther Drummond, a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) watch analyst, makes her first appearance in Torchwood:	:	PUNCT	Miracle	PROPN	 Miracle
The Japanese defences were well prepared though, and machine gun and mortar fire from well sited positions soon pinned	pinned	VERB	down	ADP	 down
For the remaining years of his life he lived with his long time mistress, the actress Peggy Primrose,	,	PUNCT	whom	PRON	 whom
Borsinger then rejoined the ICRC convoy that was moving towards the hospital to evacuate it. The hospital was also	also	ADV	toured	VERB	 toured
The review also goes on to say that the album " is no hip hop classic, but rather the	the	DET	breath	NOUN	 breath
Showalter points out that Ophelia has become the symbol of the distraught and hysterical woman in modern culture. See	See	VERB	also	ADV	 also
Smith cites the segregation of his native Mississippi and playwright August Wilson's The Pittsburgh Cycle as inspirations behind the	the	DET	work	NOUN	 work
It was drafted by Peter W. Galbraith, Leonid Kerestedjiants and Geert Hinrich Ahrens on behalf of a mini Contact	Contact	PROPN	Group	PROPN	 Group
House of Pain spent 10 days working on " Gangstas iz Genocide ". Alba digitally photographed images of buildings	buildings	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Beginning in 1975 these included a plush Miss Moppet, which was discontinued in 2001 when Eden Toys went out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Victoria herself is popularly said to have detested the fashion, inspiring a song in Punch that started: "	"	PUNCT	Long	ADV	 Long
The song's lyrics were inspired by a surrealistic story about Berlin from World War II that lead vocalist Bono	Bono	PROPN	heard	VERB	 heard
A report for the Department of Health in California described the mega doses of vitamins as " hazardous " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Later in the meeting he finished second to the two year old Energy in the Great Challenge Stakes. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
It also creates a cooling effect and this may have partially masked the effect of greenhouse gases on global warming	warming	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A Eurostar train set a new British speed record of 334.7 km / h (208.0 mph) on the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Pylaiella gardneri is an obligate epiphyte to Postelsia. As with all epiphytes, these algae are not harmful to	to	ADP	Postelsia	PROPN	 Postelsia
" In a review for The Immaculate Collection compilation album, David Browne of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the "	"	PUNCT	frothier	ADJ	 frothier
John (c. 1362 / 1364) — died as an infant. Elizabeth (1364 – 1426) —	—	PUNCT	married	VERB	 married
(This rule suggests that once the king has left the konakis, he can never return.) If	If	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
' " The dark, ironic lyrics of " Today ", describing a day when Corgan was feeling depressed	depressed	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The latter was immediately replaced by a series of other curtain raisers. Arthur Sullivan conducted the first night's	's	PART	performance	NOUN	 performance
The 7th brigade was sent to the northern front. In a first phase, between 9 and 13 July	July	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Garfield's accomplishments as president included a resurgence of presidential authority against senatorial courtesy in executive appointments, energizing American	American	ADJ	naval	ADJ	 naval
However, it was most likely in recognition of his administrative ability. Symeon of Durham stated that St Calais	Calais	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The Witches then vanish. The Three Witches represent evil, darkness, chaos, and conflict, while their	their	PRON	role	NOUN	 role
It has reddish brown fur, a long, shaggy tail, and a waddling gait due to its shorter	shorter	ADJ	front	NOUN	 front
The screenplay for the sequel was written by Eric Roth in 2001. It is based on the original novel	novel	NOUN	's	PART	's
The film's most difficult character to develop, Gothel's exotic appearance, whose beauty, dark curly hair	hair	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The film explored the social class system in Edwardian England, with Thompson playing an idealistic, intellectual, forward	forward	ADV	looking	VERB	 looking
, drums by John " J.R. " Robinson, and lyrics performed by Daft Punk using vocoders. The song	song	NOUN	reflects	VERB	 reflects
The game was never released to western markets, despite plans to do so. Dirge of Cerberus: Final	Final	PROPN	Fantasy	PROPN	 Fantasy
With the formation of an eye, the chances of rapid intensification reached 62%, and the storm could	could	AUX	possibly	ADV	 possibly
Damages were greater than had been expected, with an estimated damage total of about T $18.2 million Tongan	Tongan	PROPN	Pa	PROPN	 Pa
Steam for the turbines was provided by three Admiralty 3 drum boilers. Beagle carried a maximum of 390 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
The arena opened in 1939 and can seat 2,600 people. It was home to the Seton Hall University Pirates	Pirates	PROPN	men	NOUN	 men
Heavy rain fell across much of Pinar del Río Province. In Cape San Antonio, 4.85 in (123	123	NUM	mm	PROPN	 mm
What Separates Me from You received generally favorable reviews. James Christopher Monger of Allmusic said, " [It	It	PRON	]	X	]
The River Brue and its tributaries support a population of European eels (Anguilla anguilla). Reptiles found include	include	VERB	the	DET	 the
He also found a morphine filled syringe at the scene, indicating that Parsons was narcotized. The police saw	saw	VERB	insufficient	ADJ	 insufficient
The distributor share of Dabangg was declared to be ₹ 770 million (US $11 million) — the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The Saddledome is also the home of the Calgary Roughnecks of the National Lacrosse League (NLL) and hosted	hosted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Eventually Joan is tried and executed for heresy. Besson's previous film, The Fifth Element, which also	also	ADV	starred	VERB	 starred
Finally, a revived Anti Masonic Party nominated John W. Phelps, another Civil War general, on a platform	platform	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
* * * * * * BLC Basic Leadership has been changed to BDCC Basic Drill and Ceremonial Course,	,	PUNCT	LCIC	PROPN	 LCIC
Each fruit contains one seed, which can be white, yellow, gray or brown depending on the variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
” The writers considered including Hawkeye, but " he didn ’ t have enough to do and suddenly it	it	PRON	seemed	VERB	 seemed
Experts disagree on its exact origin, although they do agree that it is an ancient breed, possibly developed	developed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Allingham was awarded four medals, two of which were medals from the First World War. The Gold Medal	Medal	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Chelsea Mize of Bustle wrote that Monica and Ross ' " wacky quirks become all the more understandable after...	...	PUNCT	seeing	VERB	 seeing
Henderson was released having fallen out of the reckoning for a first team place. York were knocked out of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hensley's sister and brother in law traveled to Chattanooga to care for her. Hensley had five children with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
During the interview, Carey addressed rumors of her breakdown and its cause, as well as of the album	album	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His fourth victory was over a North American P 51 Mustang, shot down at 20: 35 near Charleval	Charleval	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The storm then passed through the Azores, but lost tropical characteristics by 1200 UTC on October 1. The	The	DET	remnant	ADJ	 remnant
Document authentication relates to detecting and identifying falsification of such details. One major limitation to a forensic investigation is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
After reading the script, Jackman expressed interest in playing the part. Christopher Nolan discovered Jackman was interested in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The institute was short lived, lasting from 1860 until 1864. In 1862, Porto Alegre was among the	the	DET	Liberals	PROPN	 Liberals
The Japanese bombardment, coupled with a direct order from Tsar Nicholas II, forced Vitgeft to make an attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 2001 Groves opined that there were three species (N. coucang, N. pygmaeus, and N. bengalensis)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
On the front of the memorial (north side), a bronze sculpture representing the Goddess of Masonry rests	rests	VERB	halfway	ADV	 halfway
Call it, if you will, Parliamentary Marxism. It was a Marxian analysis of economics and a parliamentary	parliamentary	ADJ	approach	NOUN	 approach
After the Seventh Test in the 1970 71 Ashes series Lillee asked Keith Miller for Lindwall's address as "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In late 2008, the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) described as black supremacist what it called "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson)	)	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He soon established himself as a quality printer, and in 1551, he reprinted an elaborate edition of the	the	DET	Bible	PROPN	 Bible
Teammate Darrius Heyward Bey said, " He's like a sponge. He's taking it all in,	,	PUNCT	asking	VERB	 asking
In the first version Nikola Jurišić rejected the offer to surrender on favourable terms, and in the second version	version	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In January 2014, ABC Entertainment Group president Paul Lee confirmed that the show was in development, and revealed	revealed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A supertanker's routes are generally long, requiring it to stay at sea for extended periods, up to	to	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
" Overprotected " was performed next with Spears (dressed in a futuristic version of one of Elvis Presley's	's	PART	jumpsuit	NOUN	 jumpsuit
" Robert Copsey from Digital Spy awarded " Beautiful People " five out of five stars, and called it	it	PRON	a	DET	 a
Ryanair, easyJet, Thomson Airways and Palmair operate from the airport and provide scheduled services to destinations in the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
, fish Macrouridae genus and sp., unidentified Nemertea, and unidentified Platyhelminthes. The Longqi vent field is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The rightist members of the Army are unaware of this upcoming coup, living happily with their families. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
Madonna also signed a contract with Callaway Arts & Entertainment to be the author of five children's books.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In an attempt to divert the attention of Brazil from the siege of the capital, the Blanco government ordered	ordered	VERB	the	DET	 the
Zhukov learned what was happening, and hurried back to Moscow, only to be formally notified of his dismissal	dismissal	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
!! " The music video to " Fly on the Wall " was first seen on December 5,	,	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
Her forecastle was raised one deck and her bow was remodeled with more flare to make her less wet forward	forward	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Most of the railway tracks in metropolitan Bombay were left underwater, paralyzing the city and forcing businesses to close	close	VERB	for	ADP	 for
This " thing " may be mind, matter or a combination of both. Over the millennia, many	many	ADJ	different	ADJ	 different
In early 1927, FDR sold the Larocco, leaving LeHand distraught by the disruption of their life together;	;	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
" After discovering that the Portsea offer was still open, he decided to accept, though with some misgiving	misgiving	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Vs mode, the player races on a track of their choosing either against computer controlled opponents or in	in	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
" What Now " received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many calling it an emotional, stand	stand	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The charges were dropped several days later. In 1983, on a twelve hour family road trip, he	he	PRON	placed	VERB	 placed
It is known that Hill met Fielding for legal business between 26 and 28 December 1751 after Hill was robbed	robbed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Critics such as Neil Sinyard have described similarities to Henrik Ibsen's play An Enemy of the People. Gottlieb	Gottlieb	PROPN	himself	PRON	 himself
U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt believed that the U.S. should be the main beneficiary of production in Central America. The	The	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
They temporarily lost Barcarrota after a tiff with the Portuguese but soon regained control. Fernán Sánchez's grandson of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gitter played the album for other Roadrunner employees and stated " The feeling was this was something that touched upon	upon	SCONJ	classic	ADJ	 classic
Burke was both a preseason John R. Wooden Award top 50 selection and a preseason Naismith Award top 50 selection	selection	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This leads Mathiesen to conclude that Leland was working from an extant Italian language original that he describes as "	"	PUNCT	authentic	ADJ	 authentic
Following the events of Batman's disappearance, Cassandra, acting under her mentor's orders in the event of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It's one of those big Aerosmith or Black Sabbath kind of songs. It's like an opus,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In May 2014 Prime Minister Shinzō Abe said Japan wanted to shed the passiveness it has maintained since the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cases brought by Comair against the airport authority and the FAA, arguing each should share in the compensation payments	payments	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Plant species in the refuge include bulrushes, wapato, water plantain, as Oregon grape, wild trillium,	,	PUNCT	camas	NOUN	 camas
Mark Lawson of The Guardian noted that the cause of Cal's hermaphroditic condition is an inherited recessive gene.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Promethium forms only one stable oxidation state, + 3, in the form of ions; this is in	in	ADP	line	NOUN	 line
Episode writer and executive show producer Danny Smith has written all Family Guy episodes to date to feature Francis;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
When Dick tries to leave the organisation behind, he knows he can not because of the " Hypnos "	"	PUNCT	implanted	VERB	 implanted
Eight hours later, Rudyard Kipling's crew were allowed to re enter their lifeboats to row the remaining 5	5	NUM	nmi	NOUN	 nmi
However, most Antiochene lords remained hostile to the idea of a female ruler and sent envoys to Baldwin II	II	PROPN	's	PART	's
The first plans to restore the fortifications of Valletta, Birgu, Mdina and the Cittadella were made in 2006	2006	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Against the captain's wishes, the crew of the Penguin turns back to search for and rescue both Augustus	Augustus	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She felt that the disease itself caused the character to grow a " backbone " as he had rarely asserted	asserted	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
In 2009, it was announced that AgustaWestland was also integrating new external fuel tanks with ballistic protection. Some	Some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
At a memorial service in Sioux Falls, Vice President Joe Biden eulogized McGovern, addressing McGovern's World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
The government apparently offered Coke a peerage, which he refused, and primarily focused on the abolition of slavery	slavery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At his death, Carte passed the opera company and hotels to his only surviving child, Bridget D '	'	PROPN	Oyly	PROPN	 Oyly
She was the third member of the Etna class, which included three sister ships. Named for the volcano	volcano	NOUN	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
The trains remain operated by the Norwegian State Railways (NSB), while the line itself is owned and	and	CCONJ	operated	VERB	 operated
" Furthermore, VanDerWerff felt that " the more Scott and Wollaeger try to continue explaining this and tie it	it	PRON	into	ADP	 into
Marengo again remained beyond the sandbars that marked the entrance. The boatloads of sepoys, who were still en	en	ADP	route	NOUN	 route
The design for the Bussard class was prepared in 1888. The ships were significantly larger and faster than the	the	DET	Schwalbe	ADJ	 Schwalbe
For this act she was imprisoned. During the 1974 May Day meetings held at different places in Tamil Nadu	Nadu	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He next scored Lands of Lore III and Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2. Klepacki defined Red Alert	Alert	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Mayer Amschel de Rothschild died in 1874, leaving his daughter not only Mentmore (with its priceless art collection	collection	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
She has a difficult life with a criminal husband, Charlie, and their son Nick, who appeared in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
She took an active role in promoting the Girl Guide movement, the Voluntary Aid Detachment (VAD),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
She found that the termites bit onto the grass with their jaws. The chimpanzee had been using the grass	grass	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Australian rules football is the most popular sport in Nauru – it and weightlifting are considered the country's national	national	ADJ	sports	NOUN	 sports
Using his own funds, Marré paid the costs of starting the organization and covered its administrative costs for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Dean had been one of the preeminent pitchers in the National League until the injury to his toe eventually led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, before the legislative session, the Democrats allied with a number of Republicans, mostly from the Foraker	Foraker	PROPN	faction	NOUN	 faction
In general, the passage of cold fronts is more common in the south than in the north, and	and	CCONJ	occurs	VERB	 occurs
One important reason for BCal's interest in Concorde was that the British Government's 1976 aviation policy review had	had	AUX	opened	VERB	 opened
Fame carried a maximum of 470 long tons (480 t) of fuel oil that gave her a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Delegate Houston appeared in support of his bill, and to the surprise of committee members, had gotten a	a	DET	statement	NOUN	 statement
Serpinopathies therefore cause pathologies similarly to other proteopathies (e.g. prion diseases) via two main mechanisms. First,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This was widely reported as both a policy shift and a message to the US. However, Downing Street	Street	PROPN	's	PART	's
Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a wave, or a low, and all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Being influenced by altitude, snowfall is also greater at higher elevations. As such, 234 cm (92	92	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The ear canal ends at the external surface of the eardrum. Two sets of muscles are associated with the	the	DET	outer	ADJ	 outer
Most fires in the park are deliberately lit and the park is regarded as a " hotspot " for arson	arson	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Such an end to an advertised demonstration of power would be much worse than if the attempt had not been	been	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Early in the spring, war between the United States and Spain erupted over conditions in Cuba and the supposed	supposed	VERB	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
English wicket keeper Godfrey Evans said that the tourists " were absolutely livid " and he sympathised with them,	,	PUNCT	saying	VERB	 saying
Esch said " There was a lot of negative energy between Sascha and Günter Schulz and myself and we all	all	PRON	decided	VERB	 decided
" Although he enjoyed most episodes of the thirteenth season, Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide wrote that "	"	PUNCT	Half	PROPN	 Half
Norton was a strong supporter of former New York State Governor Eliot Spitzer. Norton is a member of the	the	DET	board	NOUN	 board
In addition, Jutland rises sufficiently in the centre to lift air to higher, colder altitudes contributing to increased	increased	VERB	precipitation	NOUN	 precipitation
" Higgins was co editor of The Quotable Paul Johnson (1994), a book of collected quotations from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
General Howe then paused to consolidate his gains, and the brothers decided to make a diplomatic overture. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rattlesnakes and insects plagued early explorers and settlers in the region. The virgin forests cooled the land and streams	streams	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Reedy, Bunn and Miker first ventured out on their own as DecembeRadio after a stint as touring band for	for	ADP	evangelist	NOUN	 evangelist
Within two days they had passed nearly 500 nautical miles (930 km) into the Atlantic Ocean and had	had	AUX	encountered	VERB	 encountered
" In a letter to Lord Sackville, Maxwell wrote that the election campaign involved " a great deal of	of	ADP	smoking	NOUN	 smoking
The need to raise the standards of hygiene and husbandry in the Birecik aviaries was reiterated, and the prevalence	prevalence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Since their inception, the band has consisted of Svein Berge and Torbjørn Brundtland. Berge and Brundtland were introduced	introduced	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Damage was heaviest at Busan where the storm struck. The port there sustained over $100,000 in damage,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He grew up surrounded by music, as the town band was composed almost entirely of his uncles. After	After	ADP	a	DET	 a
As bronze working developed from about 2000 BCE, there was a decline in the building of large new structures	structures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The House with Chimaeras was designed by the architect Vladislav Gorodetsky in 1901 – 1902. Gorodetsky was born in	in	ADP	1863	NUM	 1863
The race attracted 5.60 million television viewers. Homestead Miami Speedway is one of ten intermediate tracks to hold NASCAR	NASCAR	PROPN	races	NOUN	 races
Drugs were another significant topic Frusciante based Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T Shirt on. According to Frusciante	Frusciante	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The city's two main museums are the Moncton Museum at Resurgo Place on Mountain Road and the Musée acadien	acadien	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He won the pot and pocketed the money, before hurriedly running onto the ground late. When he was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
While Li Mi sought refuge in the rival Tang court, Wang consolidated his control over Henan and eventually deposed	deposed	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 1 September 1921, Yakumo was re designated as a 1st class coast defense ship and used primarily for	for	ADP	training	NOUN	 training
Moore was one of only five North Carolinians to achieve the rank of brigadier general or higher in the Continental	Continental	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
The race started at 9: 35 P.M. EST and televised live on Speed, while being broadcast on radio	radio	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The highway passes several large ranches and farms along this course and intersects with several county routes and private roads	roads	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It includes one level that will take the player around 5 – 15 minutes to complete, depending on the	the	DET	number	NOUN	 number
It reached number 14 on the Irish Singles Chart. The single peaked at number 22 on the Polish Dance	Dance	PROPN	Top	PROPN	 Top
Despite the criticism, she was nominated for Choice Movie Actress – Comedy at the 2015 Teen Choice Awards.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
This geologic diversity contrasts with the ancient, heavily cratered surface of Mimas, another moon of Saturn slightly smaller	smaller	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
A feud quickly developed between Sanchez and the Davises, with Sanchez demanding a division of the property, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Bragg's men continued northward to Bardstown where they rested and sought supplies and recruits. Meanwhile, Maj	Maj	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
" Japanese broadcasters reversed viewer dislike of the series by focusing marketing of the show on Lisa. Lisa's	's	PART	well	ADV	 well
By the end of his reign, Diocletian had secured the entire length of the Danube, provided it with	with	ADP	forts	NOUN	 forts
This assessment is not universally accepted, possibly because it falls within the range of morphological variation shown by the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
The production closed on January 25, 2009, after over 1,500 performances. The touring production returned to Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
It consists of beet sour or beet juice blended with sour cream, buttermilk, soured milk, kefir and	and	CCONJ	/	SYM	 /
In the same speech in which he threatened to bring down the government on the supply motion, Blue attacked	attacked	VERB	the	DET	 the
Jiang was initially sentenced to eight years in prison on trumped up charges, for which Bo was criticized,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" In 2016, The Guardian compared West to the late David Bowie within the " modern mainstream ",	,	PUNCT	arguing	VERB	 arguing
Conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt, a leading Monteverdi interpreter, refers to the contemporary practice of leaving much of a score	score	NOUN	open	ADJ	 open
Then the conspirators marched towards the Great Palace. Avoiding the Chalke Gate, which was held by the feared	feared	VERB	Varangian	PROPN	 Varangian
In larger case series, the mortality was 1.6% overall. In the group of patients who were unwell	unwell	ADJ	enough	ADV	 enough
Brittan was succeeded by James Somerville Turnbull, who was elected unopposed. William Wilson, who later became the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
A 1995 study of the occurrence of British Sarcoscypha (including S. coccinea and S. austriaca) concluded that S.	S.	PROPN	coccinea	PROPN	 coccinea
" This is someone that I grew up with and loved. Now I feel like I didn't know	know	VERB	this	DET	 this
" West Coast " received critical acclaim from contemporary music critics. Michael Nelson of Stereogum commented, " This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Leonardo made over 240 detailed drawings and wrote about 13,000 words towards a treatise on anatomy. These papers were	were	AUX	left	VERB	 left
In regards to bringing in P.A.Works as the animation studio, Toba had taken notice of the company from back	back	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
Four different attachment classifications have been identified in children: secure attachment, anxious ambivalent attachment, anxious avoidant attachment	attachment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
D ' Ambrosio did not qualify after failing to set a time within 107% in the first qualifying session	session	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The other road segment had been upgraded to a metal surface. In addition, a new bridge had been	been	AUX	constructed	VERB	 constructed
The second game took place on 30 December 1953 when Midlands Counties played another New Zealand side on their 1953	1953	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Games in the genre typically focus on dance or the simulated performance of musical instruments, and require players to	to	PART	press	VERB	 press
Boston won the series in seven games however, and earned their 11th NBA Championship in 13 seasons. West	West	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Then, it essentially costs the Government nothing whatever to render this mark of tribute and assistance. " The	The	DET	committee	NOUN	 committee
In addition, his foot speed relative to his size allows him to run the fast break and finish effectively	effectively	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The time between one perigee and the next is slightly longer than the sidereal month and known as the anomalistic	anomalistic	ADJ	month	NOUN	 month
One of them included a 10 inning shutout effort that led to a 16 inning 1 – 0 Astros victory	victory	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
A tattoo on his right shoulder of the Cobra Command logo, G.I. Joe's enemy. Punk is well	well	ADV	known	VERB	 known
While UMB, the International Olympic Committee recognized world carom billiards authority, technically permits balls as small as 61	61	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
In the rebellion, separate risings occurred simultaneously in Bodmin in Corwall, and Sampford Courtenay in Devon — which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Under television rules at the time, the Jets – Raiders game was blacked out within 90 miles of Oakland	Oakland	PROPN	even	ADV	 even
Furthermore, the genitive pronouns may take a further case suffix, as in the example: gorun nganing gin	gin	PROPN	ba	PROPN	 ba
This has resulted in the targeting of student activists by criminal and paramilitary groups. On October 4, 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Within Coronosauria, three groups are generally recognized, although the membership of these groups varies somewhat from study to	to	PART	study	VERB	 study
" Menachem wrote, " She may be reaching a new level with a poised vocal performance, as she	she	PRON	too	ADV	 too
Charity credited the dialogue as " bitingly smart, funny teen speak... along with sharp pop culture references "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Stephen prepared for the Angevin invasion by creating a number of additional earldoms. Only a handful of earldoms had	had	AUX	existed	VERB	 existed
Upon his arrival he learned that the Ethiopian detachment intended for the diversion was not in the fort. They	They	PRON	had	AUX	 had
SvalSat merged with TSS in 2002 to form KSAT. The first proposals for a telemetry station in Tromsø were	were	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Keef's cousin and fellow rapper, Fredo Santana, Keef's uncle Alonzo Carter, and Anthony H. Dade	Dade	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jainism is perhaps the only religion in the world that requires all its adherents to follow a strict vegetarian diet	diet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Screenshots were taken as a reference, with designers keeping the same color schemes when creating the 3D worlds.	.	PUNCT	Programmers	NOUN	 Programmers
The British had planned an attempt on Louisbourg but the operation was called off, and they sailed instead for	for	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
With his combination of grades and basketball skills, Bosh was on a number of college recruiting lists. The	The	DET	University	PROPN	 University
Law and Politics Book Review concluded " Beyond the First Amendment is an intriguing and important contribution to the literature	literature	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Bob Ezrin, producer for Pink Floyd, Kiss, Alice Cooper, and Peter Gabriel, described Reznor in	in	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
Polly shows little regard for her personal safety as she photographs the action from the street. Meanwhile, Joe	Joe	PROPN	engages	VERB	 engages
On February 11, 2001, she embarked on a promotional tour leading up to the album's release on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
" The Seattle Times gave House three out of four stars, stating that what the film " lacks in	in	ADP	technical	ADJ	 technical
Since 2002 he has maintained a close friendship with his longtime tag team partner Shelton Benjamin, who he often	often	ADV	refers	VERB	 refers
He previously played in the NHL for the Montreal Canadiens, Carolina Hurricanes, Vancouver Canucks, San Jose Sharks	Sharks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1936, local businessman Leonard P. Thompson threatened to lead a breakaway from the amateur club to create an	an	DET	entirely	ADV	 entirely
The adverts received much criticism. Writing in The Guardian, Charlie Brooker claimed that the use of Mitchell and	and	CCONJ	Webb	PROPN	 Webb
When Shōji reached the 17th Army positions west of the Matanikau, only 700 800 survivors were still with him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
300 won both the Best Dramatic Film and Best Action Film honors in the 2006 – 2007 Golden Icon Awards	Awards	PROPN	presented	VERB	 presented
In fewer than 15 minutes, 13 – 14 tanks, two anti tank guns and 13 – 15 transport	transport	NOUN	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
Tantor Media published the 10.5 hour long, unabridged audiobook on April 1, 2004 and re released it on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
He was aided by preferences from the Democratic Labor Party (DLP), which had broken away from the	the	DET	ALP	PROPN	 ALP
The first land claim in Lafayette County was made in tandem by Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer in 1830.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Walters left the RAAF on 16 May 1962, after completing his posting at Headquarters Support Command. His pending	pending	VERB	retirement	NOUN	 retirement
It is Beck's first solo recording and has been described as " one of the great rock instrumentals,	,	PUNCT	epic	ADJ	 epic
At the end of each World Cup, awards are presented to the players and teams for accomplishments other than	than	ADP	their	PRON	 their
” Another reporter described Heikkinen as “ Michigan ’ s 182 pound dynamo, ” who was “ fast as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
" In the lead up to the final, the South Wales Echo reported that many tickets were being sold	sold	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The reorganisation meant the number of appliances was reduced, until only three remained at the station. The control	control	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
While helping in the reduction of Corsica, Downman cut out a French gunboat from under the guns of a	a	DET	battery	NOUN	 battery
While the producers and development executive Larry Wilson sought a writer for Alien II, Wilson came across James Cameron	Cameron	PROPN	's	PART	's
The epiphytes include benthic diatoms, forams, bacteria, bryozoans, sponges and algae. The foram Cibicides refulgens	refulgens	NOUN	lives	VERB	 lives
" He did not complete the score of the new opera until August 1970. Owen Wingrave was first broadcast	broadcast	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It was released on September 11, 2015, by Sony Music Latin. After the success of her previous	previous	ADJ	live	ADJ	 live
As he was only given three days of work per month by the BBC, he continued to freelance and	and	CCONJ	volunteer	NOUN	 volunteer
The club won the First Division title for the first time in 1937, but were relegated the following season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bang! Pow! Boom! peaked at number four in the Billboard Top 200. Critics praised Clark's	's	PART	production	NOUN	 production
At the time, the precious metal in a silver dollar was worth about $0.53, and under such	such	ADJ	proposals	NOUN	 proposals
In April 1881, Gladstone introduced the Land Law (Ireland) Act 1881, in which the principle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The participants are then given a pile of additional cards and are asked to match each one to one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Notable grammatical characteristics marked with inflectional prefixes and suffixes include: A distinction between obviative and proximate third person,	,	PUNCT	marked	VERB	 marked
The upper level environment ahead of the storm was very favorable, and the oceanic heat content was very high	high	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Within days she was back performing in London music halls. From the start of the new century, music	music	NOUN	hall	NOUN	 hall
In practice, however, the vagueness of Pancasila was exploited by Suharto's government to justify their actions and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
His 1413 wins as a manager ranks 23rd all time (as of the start of the 2012 season)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The family survived The Holocaust and was reunited in Berlin after the war. Franklin decided to study science because	because	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Officials gave Frank a hazard rating of intense for the Mexican Pacific, and strong for Baja California Sur.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Moreover, Guelph aristocrats continued to be regularly elected over the Ghibellines, and began to make the Republic far	far	ADV	less	ADV	 less
Columbuthurai, which connected the Peninsula with the mainland at Poonakari with its boat services, was one of the	the	DET	chief	ADJ	 chief
Orcas (Orcinus orca), mostly take adult birds, although they will attack penguins of any age in	in	ADP	or	CCONJ	 or
While the above model of E LTP describes entirely postsynaptic mechanisms for induction, maintenance, and expression, an	an	DET	additional	ADJ	 additional
Upon receiving objections from the cabinet, the General Assembly and the Council of State, Pedro II pronounced:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Back at the office, Dwight is left in charge. Everyone leaves except his ex girlfriend Angela, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The campaign drew in some high level supporters, among whom was George Hammond Whalley, a controversial anti Catholic	Catholic	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
The specific spacecraft systems would also be evaluated and tested, and the worldwide tracking and communications network would be	be	AUX	tested	VERB	 tested
I played a small theater in Seattle, and the girls had flap skirts on and the tights cut off	off	ADP	below	ADP	 below
Over time intervals of hundreds of millions of years, random celestial events pose a global risk to the biosphere	biosphere	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pinnipeds may move further inland and rest in sand dunes or vegetation, and may even climb cliffs. Polar	Polar	ADJ	living	NOUN	 living
" Time Out noted: " The weight watchers script sensibly dispenses with several characters to serve a brew that	that	PRON	's	AUX	's
The game was released in February 2006 in Japan and in February 2007 in North America. The game takes	takes	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
The second idea of the verse, Et sanctum nomen eius (And holy is his name), builds	builds	VERB	similarly	ADV	 similarly
' That's how the idea of the Celestial Brush was born ". Original concepts for enemies included the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
It transferred its C 130Hs to No. 37 Squadron on 17 November 2006, prior to relocating to Amberley	Amberley	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
From the Albanian perspective, adopted also by Italian and Austrian sources of that time, the Northern Epirote movement	movement	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Colbert appeared in a small supporting role in the 2005 film adaptation of Bewitched. He has made guest appearances	appearances	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Mounting a main armament of eight 30.5 cm (12 in) guns, Derfflinger was the largest and most	most	ADV	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
If they made any mistakes during such performances, the entire group was beaten with bamboo canes. Schools with	with	ADP	less	ADV	 less
He was loaned out to Second Division side Peterborough United until the end of the 2002 – 03 season on	on	ADP	27	NUM	 27
In August 2005, Smith gave a literary lecture about the poems of Arthur Rimbaud and William Blake. On	On	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Indeed, one of his major supporters, the eminent Metropolitan of Naupaktos, John Apokaukos, in a letter	letter	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Congress proposed the Twenty fifth Amendment on July 6, 1965, and the amendment was ratified by the	the	DET	following	VERB	 following
In the experiment, the frog's leg was almost completely severed from its body, leaving only the sciatic	sciatic	ADJ	nerve	NOUN	 nerve
Development of Jedi Knight was led by Justin Chin, who had also worked on the previous game. The	The	DET	most	ADV	 most
Concern has been expressed, as the ongoing spread of the red maple is changing the nature of eastern forests	forests	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Atholl's elder son, David had been one of the hostages sent to England as a condition of James	James	PROPN	's	PART	's
He scored to put Brazil 3 – 2 up in their eventual 5 – 2 win in the final over	over	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
She therefore supported herself through medical school by working as a musician in local bars and theaters, as a	a	DET	tutor	NOUN	 tutor
Corum's legacy went well beyond wins and losses, however, as he integrated WVU football in 1963 with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Andrée being Sweden's first balloonist, no national had the requisite knowledge to second guess him about buoyancy or	or	CCONJ	drag	NOUN	 drag
He was, therefore, buried in an unmarked grave which was purchased cheaply from Benjamin Howland, a local	local	ADJ	carpenter	NOUN	 carpenter
The session, which produced recordings of " Long Black Limousine ", " Wearin ' That Loved On Look	Look	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The U.S., featuring many players new to the sport of rugby, caused a shock by winning the only	only	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
Black's love of history was rooted in a lifelong love of books, which led him to the belief	belief	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Lucas is able to turn Kachimov by forging evidence that he is an MI5 mole. They both go to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game remained in Virginia's favor through the third quarter, prior to the Orange fourth quarter comeback.	.	PUNCT	Syracuse	PROPN	 Syracuse
A public site at the Zaners Bridge in Zaner 2.5 miles (4.0 km) downstream from Stillwater covers 31	31	NUM	acres	NOUN	 acres
Basketball: Sternstunden. Copress Verl. ISBN 3 7679 0456 X. (German) Blatt, Howard (1996	1996	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Grimley comments that it was in keeping with Henson's usual impulsiveness that he proposed within four days of meeting	meeting	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Dreadnoughts were significantly larger — and correspondingly more expensive — than the old pre dreadnought battleships. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The bombardment of specific strongpoints in the towns along the coast was inconsistent; the North Shore Regiment reported that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Like the European version, these scenes were replaced with a placeholder card with an explanation of what was removed	removed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Pickings were scarce and No. 4 Squadron's only success came on the second day when King and his	his	PRON	flight	NOUN	 flight
Roberts communicated these concerns to Saint Gaudens, who requested casts of the dies used to strike the new pieces	pieces	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The reviewer was able to see Angelou's " gracious spirit " and found the book " satisfying ",	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
In the immune system dopamine acts upon receptors present on immune cells, especially lymphocytes. Dopamine can also affect	affect	VERB	immune	ADJ	 immune
The Decepticon scientist Shockwave begins the secretive Operation: Regenesis — seeding Energon on various planets, including Earth.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
The Simpsons have dinner with Aunt Selma and her new boyfriend, Sideshow Bob, Bart's arch enemy.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Lethal won the encounter after jumping off of a turnbuckle to drive his elbow into Dutt's chest and followed	followed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The meat dress was later displayed at the National Museum of Women in the Arts, and entered the Rock	Rock	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Robinson noted that the running game would remain an option even in passing situations, adding, " If nobody	nobody	PRON	's	AUX	's
She became a fan favorite during the Invasion storyline when her character began an on screen romance with Tajiri.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
According to the historian Nicholas Goodrick Clarke, 1902 marked " a fundamental change in the character of [List	List	PROPN	's	PART	's
GECF joined as an eighth partner in 2014, enabling JODI also to cover nearly 90 percent of the global	global	ADJ	market	NOUN	 market
It also praised the game's soundtrack as " excellent, especially the battle music ". The game's	's	PART	setting	NOUN	 setting
This characteristic chemical reaction is shared with A. ocreata and A. virosa, although some authors have expressed doubt about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fan obliged, without taking Pete Townshend's advice that " the quickest way " to extinguish a joint	joint	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Department of Justice worker Judith Coplon had been sentenced to 15 years in prison for stealing and attempting to pass	pass	VERB	on	ADP	 on
". On 6 August 2003, the first day of Raëlian year 58 AH, a tech article on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Also utilizing the name, the Minnesota Zephyr was a dinner train located in the historic city of Stillwater,	,	PUNCT	Minnesota	PROPN	 Minnesota
With the delivery of the new Deutschland class Panzerschiffe (armored ships) beginning in 1933, the older battleships	battleships	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In the early 1260s, the Byzantine navy was still weak, and depended still greatly on Genoese aid.	.	PUNCT	Even	ADV	 Even
U.S. government files, leaked by Wikileaks, disclosed that American diplomats had been told that Pakistani security services were	were	AUX	tipping	VERB	 tipping
The stability of the dsDNA form depends not only on the GC content (% G, C basepairs)	)	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Red Feather Inn was built in the 1840s and remains in use as a restaurant and for accommodation.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The development of the series began with the production pilot episode, written by Graham Duff and produced by Baby	Baby	PROPN	Cow	PROPN	 Cow
He hit two sixes in one over, and, according to Cardus, played " great and beautiful cricket	cricket	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In July 2006, they moved into the Emirates Stadium, after 93 years at Highbury. Arsenal reached the	the	DET	final	NOUN	 final
A weaker than normal high pressure system controlled the movement of the depression, and the system moved slowly to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
No reliable image of a mantle plume extending down to the core – mantle boundary has been obtained. The	The	DET	most	ADV	 most
Australia and New Zealand were built with a different arrangement. The spotting top on the main mast was deleted	deleted	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Townshend had written it as a slow blues, but after several abortive attempts, it was turned into a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
As Metcalfe remarks, " not only does this show the extent of Christian military success against the Aghlabids in	in	ADP	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
They performed the single in July 2008 at the Oxegen Festival. A journalist from NME magazine wrote that it	it	PRON	drew	VERB	 drew
Arthur Ransome wrote that Wilde " read something of himself into Shakespeare's sonnets " and became fascinated with the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A very organized character with a signature Type A personality who enjoys being in charge, Monica is known for	for	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The southern flank of the main assault would once again be the responsibility of the 4th Canadian Division, which	which	PRON	planned	VERB	 planned
During a game on November 1, 2008, Brodeur suffered a " bruised elbow " which would later be	be	AUX	diagnosed	VERB	 diagnosed
The legend states that whilst engaged in prayer on the eve of battle, Óengus vowed that if granted victory	victory	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
In June, he joined with Senator Kerry in offering a resolution that would have authorized the military intervention,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Only three stuffed specimens exist today, and only one bird was ever depicted when alive. The species is	is	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
In the Archaic period (before 2000 BCE), a number of loanwords from Mixe – Zoquean languages seem	seem	VERB	to	PART	 to
Three years later, an attempt was made to kill Henry III by a man who later confessed to being	being	AUX	an	DET	 an
With a nearly full slate of division rivals in the final month, the Phillies opened by dropping series to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later in the clip, during the second verse, Diddy sits in a burned out building singing to himself	himself	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Some began reporting having expended stocks of critical medical supplies such as antibiotics by 17 January. The border was	was	AUX	reinforced	VERB	 reinforced
Allosaurus coexisted with fellow large theropods Ceratosaurus and Torvosaurus in both the United States and Portugal. The three appear	appear	VERB	to	PART	 to
In Bologna, Michelangelo saw the relief sculptures of Jacopo della Quercia around the doors of the cathedral. In	In	ADP	Michelangelo	PROPN	 Michelangelo
He was among the second group of players elected to the Hall of Fame in 1937 and was later inducted	inducted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Aguilera also explained that she wanted to bring something novel to her album, which has 24 songs on it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Former Real Salt Lake general manager Garth Lagerwey was hired by the club in January 2015, replacing Adrian Hanauer	Hanauer	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was also stated that the present incomplete sequence will be followed by a scene in which Lili is taken	taken	VERB	to	ADP	 to
News of the Qurayzah's supposed renunciation of the pact with Muhammad leaked out, and Umar promptly informed Muhammad	Muhammad	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Jason Anderson of CBC News compares the etymology of neo soul to that of " new wave " and	and	CCONJ	comments	NOUN	 comments
Amy Robsart grew up at her mother's house, Stanfield Hall, and, like her future husband,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
After his first training session with the senior squad, Barça's new star player, Ronaldinho, told his	his	PRON	teammates	NOUN	 teammates
" Apollo 11 was the second all veteran multi person crew (the first being Apollo 10) in human	human	ADJ	spaceflight	NOUN	 spaceflight
Members of President Eisenhower ’ s cabinet passed along the message that Flanders should “ lay off. ” The	The	DET	Times	PROPN	 Times
" Jon Caramanica, writing in The New York Times, considered the album " far more mechanical " than	than	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The film will be named How a Mosquito Operates. " McCay made the 6 000 drawings on translucent rice	rice	NOUN	paper	NOUN	 paper
Much to her dismay, Sue has disbanded all arts from McKinley and Rachel approaches the Superintendent to reboot the	the	DET	glee	NOUN	 glee
The game's Challenge Tower mode has Mileena develop unrequited feelings for Scorpion, while Kitana's uncanonical ending shows	shows	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In 2009 the Ministry of Defence announced that it is willing to donate three Una class submarines to former SFR	SFR	PROPN	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
The episode was written by Mike Sussman and André Bormanis, and directed by David Straiton. " Babel One	One	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
James is a character in the novel The Man Who Laughs by Victor Hugo. He was portrayed by Josef	Josef	PROPN	Moser	PROPN	 Moser
As Mega Man defeats Enker and obtains his mirror buster ability, Wily retreats to a space station. Mega	Mega	PROPN	Man	PROPN	 Man
A basin, with its former connection to the Don, is now used as moorings by Thorne Cruising Club	Club	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The cords run horizontally across the spine, and are thicker than the threads that hold the pages together.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
So the claim that a tax deprives someone of " property " or a " right " is pretty much	much	ADV	meaningless	ADJ	 meaningless
The team also studied virtual globe models of the city, census data and documentaries to recreate the geographical and	and	CCONJ	demographic	ADJ	 demographic
The signal was received at Goldstone in the United States but with better fidelity by Honeysuckle Creek Tracking Station in	in	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
NBC had tried appealing to audiences in their 20s through several comedies, but those efforts proved unsuccessful and the	the	DET	network	NOUN	 network
" He continued to criticize Carey for being too " desperate ", writing: Inspired by street lingo —	—	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The seven compromissarii were the dean (name not known), Maurice, Abbot of Inchaffray, William,	,	PUNCT	Abbot	PROPN	 Abbot
Since taste and aroma compounds are often detectable by humans in minute concentrations, sea salt may have a more	more	ADV	complex	ADJ	 complex
Meanwhile, in the parallel civil war for the Crown in Tarnovo Skopje bolyar and grandson to Stefan Nemanja Constantine	Constantine	PROPN	Tikh	PROPN	 Tikh
In January 2016, Mephisto returned to NJPW to take part in the Fantastica Mania 2016 tour, during which	which	PRON	no	DET	 no
Beginning in 1987, Ward Elliott, who was sympathetic to the Oxfordian theory, and Robert J. Valenza supervised	supervised	VERB	a	DET	 a
It is currently the only planet known to exist in this star system. Kepler 14b is 8.4 times the	the	DET	mass	NOUN	 mass
A fourth wicket partnership of 167, dominated by powerful hitting from Kieswetter in which he scored a " superb	superb	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
He also played flumpet, a trumpet – flugelhorn combination specially designed for him. He and his identical twin	twin	ADJ	brother	NOUN	 brother
When the seasons overlap, the wedge tailed shearwaters will kill young Bonin petrels in order to use their burrows	burrows	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Smart Covers have a microfiber bottom that cleans the front of the iPad, and wakes up the unit when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Donna is hurt and humiliated when he leaves her alone. Donna eventually confesses to Elle Robinson (Pippa Black	Black	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It is a voluntary controlled school for children aged 4 – 11. There is a choice of nearby senior	senior	ADJ	schools	NOUN	 schools
When a group of French musicians led by Saint Saëns tried to organise a boycott of German music during the	the	DET	First	PROPN	 First
After Leinart threw his second touchdown of the game to start the second half, Brennan was able to answer	answer	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Jaenberht had been a supporter of Ecgberht II of Kent, which may have led to conflict in the 760s	760s	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
Johnson stated that " eating his mother's cooking " and being " healthy " were the main reasons for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Gastrointestinal effects In a series of 500 consecutive obstetric patients, Boisvert and Hudon observed vomiting in 12 (4.8	4.8	NUM	%	NOUN	%
William " Green Bar " Hillcourt, Scoutmaster of the first U.S. Wood Badge course in 1948, felt very	very	ADV	strongly	ADV	 strongly
Seismic data suggest that these volcanoes still contain active magma chambers, indicating possible future eruptive activity. Although the	the	DET	available	ADJ	 available
The new Polish authorities appointed people from Poland to various key positions from which locals were fired. The Polish	Polish	ADJ	language	NOUN	 language
" Alex Billington felt the third film " almost makes the second film in the series obsolete or dulls it	it	PRON	down	ADP	 down
Garlic, onions, ginger, tomatoes, mild curry, and salt are the most common ingredients used to	to	PART	flavor	VERB	 flavor
Many of the male islanders utilised their knowledge of the Firth's currents to hire themselves out to passing vessels	vessels	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Ealdred encouraged Folcard, a monk of Canterbury, to write the Life Saint John of Beverley. This was	was	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
The following week the challenge was accepted by Sting, a former WCW and TNA world heavyweight champion commonly known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" I know that it has been my tag. I am definitely proud of it. But it was	was	AUX	definitely	ADV	 definitely
Boston University political science professor later said, " She definitely hurt him in that race. " Asked following	following	VERB	her	PRON	 her
During 1963, the Philippine Weather Bureau adopted four sets of female Filipino nicknames ending in " ng " from	from	ADP	A	NOUN	 A
Twenty years later Solti said, " I'm sure it's a terrible record, because the orchestra was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
General anesthesia is often administered without tracheal intubation in selected cases where the procedure is brief in duration, or	or	CCONJ	procedures	NOUN	 procedures
However, Ben Sisario of Blender wrote, " For every killer raise your hands hook there is a snoozer	snoozer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The cast and crew would have a camera rehearsal followed by a dress run. After a supper, the	the	DET	cast	NOUN	 cast
Set in Los Angeles, it was the first Indian film to be shot at Universal Studios and featured cameo	cameo	NOUN	appearances	NOUN	 appearances
" It Is ' He ' (Jai Sri Krishna) " continued Harrison's fusion of the Hindu bhajan	bhajan	NOUN	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
Segal wrote that it is a " disappointing " song that when " looked at in the sober light of	of	ADP	day	NOUN	 day
In all these texts, the renouncer is accepted to be one who, in pursuit of spirituality, was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Before reaching the city, the water is pumped through a settling pond, two storage ponds, and a	a	DET	treatment	NOUN	 treatment
On April 20, 2008, it peaked at number fifteen. The song also had moderate success through Europe	Europe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Chesterfield again finished just one place above the relegation zone, and Brandon left in July 2004 to sign for	for	ADP	Huddersfield	PROPN	 Huddersfield
They were married on July 11th, 2015, according to another autobiographical tweet. Finnessey announced the June 10	10	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
On June 1, the system transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it turned west northwestward and continued over open	open	ADJ	waters	NOUN	 waters
She declined in order to care for her husband, and Debbie Reynolds played the part. During her Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	career	NOUN	 career
Respiratory organisms use chemical compounds as a source of energy by taking electrons from the reduced substrate and transferring them	them	PRON	to	ADP	 to
An earlier attribution of the work had been to Antonio Lotti. Bach's Magnificat consists of eleven movements for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1899, Urania was assigned to the 2nd Division of the main fleet, which consisted of the ironclads	ironclads	NOUN	Affondatore	PROPN	 Affondatore
The most severe deviation of the response from that predicted occurs in the passband close to cut off. The	The	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
The Commission hesitate to approve the Liberty Bell as shown with the crack in the bell visible; to show	show	VERB	this	PRON	 this
" The text describes the owl as having " a highly developed forest vista pattern ". Chapter 7 similarly	similarly	ADV	argues	VERB	 argues
" As of May 2016, ReactOS is considered alpha software, feature incomplete but with many Windows applications already	already	ADV	working	VERB	 working
The plans were approved by the Malta Environment and Planning Authority in October of the same year, but they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The film also was the recipient of twelve nominations at the 49th British Academy Film Awards, including Best Film	Film	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The band released the album Dead Silence on September 4, 2012 on their SoundCloud account. The band embarked	embarked	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Comparisons between the scleral rings of Psittacosaurus and modern birds and reptiles suggest that it may have been cathemeral,	,	PUNCT	active	ADJ	 active
For a moment there was hope of a conservative restoration in some quarters. However, Dudley and Cranmer secured	secured	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Staffel first relocated to Greece at the end of May. The ground personnel were shipped from Catania to	to	ADP	Piraeus	PROPN	 Piraeus
Through analysis of the questionnaires, the IOC gave a weighted average score to each city based on the scores	scores	NOUN	obtained	VERB	 obtained
The North Korean People's Army was able to maintain transport to its front lines over long lines of communications	communications	NOUN	despite	SCONJ	 despite
Additionally, more fuel can be burnt at high speed. Beyond Mach 5.5, the air would become unusably	unusably	ADV	hot	ADJ	 hot
The number of medals won was an increase on the 94 medals and 35 golds in Athens. The team	team	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Nasri impressed at the tournament and Assolen was jokingly told by a Milan scout that " he (Nasri)	)	PUNCT	stays	VERB	 stays
With thousands of lakes, over 14,000 kilometres (8,700 mi) of fish bearing rivers and over 3,700 kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He was one of seven children, six of whom left England and settled in New England. Other than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
Josephine accelerated to the northeast while maintaining peak winds, and it made landfall in Taylor County, Florida at	at	ADP	0330	NUM	 0330
Several months after Booth's October 2009 concussion, Boston Bruins forward Marc Savard was hit by Matt Cooke in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Gestation lasts for eight to nine months, after which a single calf is born. The lifespan of a	a	DET	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
Months after recording the song, on April 28, 2011, when it leaked onto the Internet, Supa	Supa	PROPN	Dups	PROPN	 Dups
One round of protests came from Italian American organizations, which called for delay in enforcing it. Enforcement raised	raised	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Another similarly named tree is Pi de les Tres Branques de Freixinet, located near the village of Freixinet in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The loss brought Alabama's all time record against the Aggies to 3 – 2. In the final non	non	PROPN	conference	NOUN	 conference
Schwartz writes that the false potto differs from pottos and angwantibos in lacking a bifid (two tipped) spine	spine	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The archaeological excavations that have been undertaken since 1998 are funded by Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council and grants from the	the	DET	Heritage	PROPN	 Heritage
Rolling Stone placed the album at number 23 on its list of the 100 Best Albums of the Decade,	,	PUNCT	stating	VERB	 stating
Released in 1991, it centers on the titular ToeJam and Earl — alien rappers who have crash landed on	on	ADP	Earth	PROPN	 Earth
It was created from cellulose, water and green food coloring. It proved difficult to make, and several	several	ADJ	attempts	NOUN	 attempts
When Howard first read the script to Hereafter, she was hooked on it, having been attracted to its	its	PRON	central	ADJ	 central
The mid 2000s saw several underground bands achieve some mainstream prominence. Artists such as Ty Segall, Thee Oh	Oh	PROPN	Sees	PROPN	 Sees
To further strengthen the Allied ranks, a force of Spanish irregulars under General Antonio Begines de los Ríos had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The text editing environment in Emacs uses a double space following a period to identify the end of sentences unambiguously	unambiguously	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
For a long period, many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against Wagner's music. Anton	Anton	PROPN	Bruckner	PROPN	 Bruckner
To prepare for the 2009 – 10 season, Bosh worked out under Ken Roberson, looking to add 20	20	NUM	pounds	NOUN	 pounds
The cost of collecting this fee was so high that SAS and Braathens SAFE announced it was cheaper to continue	continue	VERB	to	PART	 to
Tara's death directly after reconciliatory sex with Willow caused an outcry among the LGBT community, who saw it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
" Justice Story — in his opinions for the Court — cautioned against the too frequent use of certificates of	of	ADP	division	NOUN	 division
Peregrine falcons have been successfully bred in captivity, both for falconry and for release back into the wild.	.	PUNCT	Until	ADP	 Until
Recording sessions for the album took place during 2002 and 2003 at the Function 8 record label's studio in	in	ADP	San	PROPN	 San
The Mongols, led by Genghis Khan (r. 1206 – 1227), initially invaded the Jin dynasty in	in	ADP	1205	NUM	 1205
Gabriel intends to defeat the three factions of the Lords of Shadow in order to obtain the pieces of the	the	DET	God	PROPN	 God
He subsequently identified his attorney as " God and Saint Olaf. " Haakon was notably the first Norwegian king	king	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Hydrothermal alteration has affected some lavas and pyroclastics from Tres Monos, and the western side has lateral and terminal	terminal	ADJ	moraines	NOUN	 moraines
Several studios wanted to turn Larabee's character into a white character but Atchison felt " it was important that	that	SCONJ	Akeelah	PROPN	 Akeelah
Suetsune and Teika were bitter enemies; just a few months before, Teika had humiliated Suetsune by calling him	him	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Variations in local rainfall create three major geographical zones. The Sahara lies in the country's northern third.	.	PUNCT	Yearly	ADJ	 Yearly
Sinatra came to consider Riddle " the greatest arranger in the world ", and Riddle, who considered Sinatra	Sinatra	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Neither party had taken a position on the divisive question during the campaign, but selecting a permanent capital was	was	AUX	high	ADJ	 high
In July 1939 Olin R. Moyle, legal counsel for the Society, wrote an open letter of resignation to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Old flower parts usually persist for a long time, giving the infructescence a hairy appearance. In Central and	and	CCONJ	North	PROPN	 North
He developed a working relationship with Toronto Mayor David Miller soon after his appointment, and was present for the	the	DET	announcement	NOUN	 announcement
Small spontaneous pneumothoraces typically resolve without treatment and require only monitoring. This approach may be most appropriate in subjects	subjects	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
" The Proposal was released in the United States on June 19, 2009. On its opening day,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It's not clear if their marriage will survive Yusef's meddling. [...] Yusef obviously wants [	[	X	Zainab	X	Zainab
The ship is lying in three pieces, all upside down, at a depth of about 40 to 50	50	NUM	metres	NOUN	 metres
These services operated virtually unchanged until 6 November 2011, when the 347 was replaced with the present day 387	387	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Of the more than two dozen operas in the Verdi canon, Beecham conducted eight during his long career:	:	PUNCT	Il	PROPN	 Il
It also imposed an additional two years of probation and docked the school one scholarship a year from 2004 –	–	PUNCT	2005	NUM	 2005
The earthwork from the Føyno side was transported by bardge to Austevoll and used to build the Austevoll Bridge.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Empress Wu's rise to power was achieved through cruel and calculating tactics: a popular conspiracy theory stated that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Of the 40 Avery Coonley students who took Le Grand Concours, 32 placed in the top ten in the	the	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
Helicoverpa zea is the most common and destructive pest of soybean growth in Virginia. About one third of Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	acreage	NOUN	 acreage
The game's puzzle design has been praised for creating a rewarding experience for players who work through challenges on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The inspiration for the Slime came to Yuji Horii, the creator of Dragon Quest, from a role playing	playing	VERB	game	NOUN	 game
200), known for being the first king to involve Axum in the affairs of what is now Yemen	Yemen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
By daylight, a North Korean force of 300 to 400 had penetrated to Wich ' on dong and 2nd	2nd	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
After finally revealing their relationship to their friends, who are delighted by the news, Monica proposes to Chandler	Chandler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She also appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show in and performed " Ray of Light " and " Little Star	Star	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Built by Bombardier Transportation and Vossloh Kiepe, the initial eight M5000s were ordered to allow services to be increased	increased	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
US 83 and westbound US 270 continue north from this junction toward Liberal, while US 64 and US 270	270	NUM	eastbound	NOUN	 eastbound
The Allied Tripartite Commission allocated Ihn to the Soviet Union at the end of 1945. By this time she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Don't you ever try to fuck me. " Cartman eventually betrays Billy by telling Billy's mother that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
A sheriff and his officers were called upon to disperse the crowd, but by the time the mob left	left	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The calving rate estimated by number of yearlings is considerably high... (which could mean that) more than	than	ADP	55	NUM	 55
The odor is not distinctive, and the taste mild or faintly acrid. The latex is copious, white	white	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Since its release, the film has received better than average reviews for a straight to DVD franchise sequel,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
On the other hand, Elliot sees it as an evolution of the normal runic letter by straightening the left	left	ADJ	branching	VERB	 branching
The older trade unionist based members of the Labor Party vehemently opposed changing the status quo. However, the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Wrapped in Red's second single, the title track, was serviced to radio airplay on November 25,	,	PUNCT	2014	NUM	 2014
" This vision is a cold, dark, damp one, and even the romance between Willis and Stowe	Stowe	PROPN	feels	VERB	 feels
" Some Enchanted Evening " was the first full length episode produced, but it did not broadcast until May	May	PROPN	1990	NUM	 1990
He proposed to instead concentrate on training white Rhodesians for leadership roles and specialist units, and to disperse the	the	DET	colony	NOUN	 colony
As reported by the Byzantine chronicler Theophanes the Confessor, the Arab attack was methodical: in 672 – 673	673	NUM	Arab	ADJ	 Arab
During the 1980s, Jean Marie Le Pen complained about the rising number of " social parasites ", and	and	CCONJ	called	VERB	 called
The series follows Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub), a private detective with obsessive – compulsive disorder and multiple	multiple	ADJ	phobias	NOUN	 phobias
The nature of the contest fractured in the next few days. Several remarks by Bill Clinton and other surrogates	surrogates	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His successor Michele Acquarone was also upset by the decision, believing that damage had been done to the Giro	Giro	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1436 he authorized the town to use its own coat of arms. The Kingdom of Hungary was defeated	defeated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Those who obtain the ball may be able to extract a promise from the kitsune to help them in exchange	exchange	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
These twin victories completed the Allied triumph, and ended the Persian threat to Greece. Whatever the cause of	of	ADP	Themistocles	PROPN	 Themistocles
While writing Celebrity Skin, Love was mainly influenced by Neil Young and My Bloody Valentine. She also cited	cited	VERB	her	PRON	 her
On his feet were placed clogs, or wooden shoes, and he was then put into the poena cullei	cullei	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On arrival, a team from the Department for International Development (DfID) was based on board the ship	ship	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Zhang Heng's writing confirms the size of the imperial hunting park in the suburbs of Chang ' an,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
This was Horizon House (1101 N. Calvert Street) in Baltimore, Maryland, an 18 story apartment building	building	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Characters such as Benimaru Nikaido and Chang Koehan were added to have an off beat variety to the cast,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
For instance, the turbo trainers provide a speed burst to reach a certain destination on time. Banjo and	and	CCONJ	Kazooie	PROPN	 Kazooie
The Anglo Norman was developed in the early 19th century, and along with Thoroughbred and local Norman blood,	,	PUNCT	influences	NOUN	 influences
" Another claim is that " Albert Einstein's work had nothing to do with the development of the atomic	atomic	ADJ	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
He tended to go into the studio after the rest of the band had recorded and finished the backing tracks	tracks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 22 August 1947, just after a week of becoming governor general Jinnah dissolved the elected government of Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Khan	PROPN	 Khan
This was followed by the first human spaceflight in 1961, when Yuri Gagarin was sent into orbit on Vostok	Vostok	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
Mr. Finch propositions the Doctor a second time, tempting him with the ability to save the Time Lords and	and	CCONJ	override	VERB	 override
He described aurora phenomena as, " shimmering fingers of green light reaching up from the dark ocean, an	an	DET	arc	NOUN	 arc
The SAO SBWS was declared an autonomous territory in eastern Croatia following the Battle of Borovo Selo just to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
After the war, the American army occupied Mexico City and the surrounding region. During the occupation, Raynolds	Raynolds	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Luge was contested in three events at the 1994 Winter Olympics. Singles was contested over four heats in two	two	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
In April 2014, after much speculation, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their On the Run Tour.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Boyd was promoted to professor of physics in 1948. Around 1950, under the authority of his rank of	of	ADP	commander	NOUN	 commander
It was written by Donovan Bennett, Paul, K. Ford and Rihanna, while production was handled by Don	Don	PROPN	Corleon	PROPN	 Corleon
He was later convinced by the band that this was not the case. Following the completion of the album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in July 1936 presented Gibraltar with major security concerns, as it was	was	AUX	initially	ADV	 initially
Burtt also used, as he did in many of his films, the ubiquitous Wilhelm scream when a Nazi	Nazi	PROPN	falls	VERB	 falls
Though happy about their return, he expresses his displeasure at seeing Juliet. Hugo " Hurley " Reyes (	(	PUNCT	Jorge	PROPN	Jorge
According to Hofschröer, the best Dutch troops were at Halle and he questions the reasons for their placement.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After Principal Skinner catches her, Marge suggests that Lisa try to go until midnight without calling the hotline;	;	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
The largest creditors were Sparebanken Nord, who was owed 13 million and had collateral in two aircraft, Sparebanken	Sparebanken	PROPN	Nordland	PROPN	 Nordland
Denham and the FBI arrest Josh and the crew (except Slide) as they walk outside the Tower.	.	PUNCT	Miss	PROPN	 Miss
In 1987's Blasteroids, Ed Rotberg added " power ups, ship morphing, branching levels, bosses,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Wason also used confirmation bias to explain the results of his selection task experiment. In this task, participants	participants	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In the spring of 1123 the two sides finally set the terms of the first Song – Jin treaty.	.	PUNCT	Only	ADV	 Only
Porter edited the Constellation, a newspaper in New York City that published humorous stories. Porter became interested in	in	ADP	sports	NOUN	 sports
At first, Bradman did not appear concerned by the partnership between the two bowlers from Surrey — it was	was	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
Second, Warren recalled that Kennedy had visited Israel twice, the first time in 1939 when it was still	still	ADV	part	NOUN	 part
Meanwhile, a mutual friend introduced them to Chad Channing, and the three musicians agreed to jam together.	.	PUNCT	Channing	NOUN	 Channing
The report in response to the legislation declared that there is no material that would reduce the one cent coin	coin	NOUN	's	PART	's
The singles " Digital Love " and " Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger " were also very successful	successful	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Upset that his contract was not extended, Chandler resigned effective July 15, 1951. In an interview with	with	ADP	The	DET	 The
Heisman, however, was seeking vengeance for a 22 – 0 baseball loss to Cumberland in the spring of	of	ADP	1916	NUM	 1916
The highway connected US Highway 2 (US 2) to the State Highway Ferry Dock used before the Mackinac	Mackinac	PROPN	Bridge	PROPN	 Bridge
In a season that was fraught with lengthy injuries to a number of his team mates (such as T.J.	T.J.	PROPN	Ford	PROPN	 Ford
It is an A type main sequence star of spectral class A1 V, which lies 180 light years (	(	PUNCT	55	NUM	55
On September 23, 1846, Johann Gottfried Galle located a new planet, later named Neptune, at nearly	nearly	ADV	the	DET	 the
Zoë Bell, Michael Bowen, Robert Carradine, Jake Garber, Ted Neeley, James Parks, and Tom	Tom	PROPN	Savini	PROPN	 Savini
Managed by Mike Guerrero, the Sounds finished the 2012 season in second place with a losing 67 – 77	77	NUM	record	NOUN	 record
This character could be interpreted as Faramir. In the Lord of the Rings movie trilogy directed by Peter Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Ken Tucker summarized Hartman's comedic style: " He could momentarily fool audiences into thinking he was the	the	DET	straight	ADJ	 straight
Instead of attempting to faithfully reproduce texts, almost all of Johnson's translators followed the 18th century practice of	of	ADP	freely	ADV	 freely
Maya Natsume (棗 真夜, Natsume Maya) A third year student and the current leader of the Juken	Juken	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
Sei whales are rorquals (family Balaenopteridae), baleen whales that include the humpback whale, the blue whale	whale	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Members of the third batch (70045 – 70054) were equipped with another tender design, the BR1D,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In 2013, his son Piotr Ząbecki wrote an article about him for Życie Siedleckie that revised the number to	to	ADP	1,297,000	NUM	 1,297,000
In an effort to eradicate the infestation that has claimed 3 percent of the human population, the World Health	Health	PROPN	Organization	PROPN	 Organization
Bresnahan caught a career high 138 games in 1908, batting.283 and leading the NL in walks. Bresnahan also	also	ADV	developed	VERB	 developed
This was particularly evident at Cannes, where the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or and Jarmusch was commended	commended	VERB	for	ADP	 for
They are the Eurasian crag martin (P. rupestris), the pale crag martin (P. obsoleta),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Karl becomes determined to tell her the truth about her condition, while her nephew, Darcy (Mark Raffety	Raffety	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Initially tuition at the school was free, funded by various endowments and rents obtained from lands the most significant	significant	ADJ	arising	VERB	 arising
Apart from the 19 archaeological sites identified by the Archaeological Survey of India, some of the prominent places of	of	ADP	interest	NOUN	 interest
Both streams are intermittent in their upper reaches. The western shore mimics the shape of the east. As	As	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Richard Godwin remarked: " At a time when the economy teeters towards a double dip and their immediate peers	peers	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The " Young " sympathized with the Social Democrats of the Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania and believed that priority	priority	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine between May 2008 and February 2014. The series was licensed	licensed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
He then overcame another Turkish force that arrived to exact retribution near the fortress of Peritheorion (also known as	as	ADP	Burugrad	PROPN	 Burugrad
Although there is no written ban on women driving cars, a Saudi driving license is required by law and	and	CCONJ	these	PRON	 these
The band members, whom the host refers to as " thoroughly all right and decent fellas ", perform	perform	VERB	dressed	VERB	 dressed
Play resumed after a brief delay, once it was certain the Australian captain was fit to carry on,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, under new manager Denis Smith, promotion was gained at the first attempt; Sunderland returned to the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
In later years, Plymouth Governor William Bradford called him " a bitter enemy unto Plymouth upon all occasions.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Early in 2014, the Nittany Lions hired James Franklin to replace O'Brien as head coach for the 2014 season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
You shake off anything unpleasant like a poodle shaking off the water when it comes to the sea – natures	natures	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Over the next few days, the 33rd Division pursued the Germans to the River Selle and launched a bloody	bloody	ADJ	assault	NOUN	 assault
During the argument that occurred when deciding which to use, opponents of Franklin's invention accused supporters of being	being	AUX	American	ADJ	 American
The public service German television channel ZDF called Valkyrie " neither scandalously bad nor the event of the century...	...	PUNCT	Neither	PRON	 Neither
The first series issues do not reflect the expansion of the European Union: Cyprus is not depicted on those	those	DET	notes	NOUN	 notes
However, the finished product, released in March 1982, was critically panned for its poor gameplay, and	and	CCONJ	although	SCONJ	 although
Samarium is not found free in nature, but, like other rare earth elements, is contained in many	many	ADJ	minerals	NOUN	 minerals
The Malayan Emergency, as it was called, began in 1948 and lasted until 1960, but by 1957	1957	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During Simeon's reign, the monastery was completely walled and separated from the city of Vagharshapat. Catholicos Ghukas	Ghukas	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Then the judge, Fray Domingo de Soto, summarised the arguments. Sepúlveda addressed Las Casas's arguments with	with	ADP	twelve	NUM	 twelve
The composer's " Sabre Dance " (from Gayane) is also used when the boy is the first	first	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Fingleton stood his ground and was hit several times. He then made a defiant four hour innings to top	top	ADJ	score	NOUN	 score
He reunited briefly with Weems, then settled in the St. Petersburg, Florida area in Treasure Island. In	In	ADP	1959	NUM	 1959
Lágrimas Cálidas was produced by Jose Gaviria and Andres Munera. It was recorded at Crescent Moon Studios and Big	Big	PROPN	Dog	PROPN	 Dog
The rear view mirror was added primarily with the two player link up mode in mind. The music was	was	AUX	mostly	ADV	 mostly
While he too was unable to break away from the group, his attack did cause Nibali to lose contact	contact	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The film starred Hadidjah and Mohamad Mochtar, who had first acted together in JIF's Alang Alang (Grass	Grass	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The double exponential growth of the Sylvester sequence is unsurprising if one compares it to the sequence of Fermat numbers	numbers	NOUN	Fn	PROPN	 Fn
They joined a Congregationalist church in the U.S., and Stossel was raised Protestant. He grew up on Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Lundgren received his first lead role as the mighty He Man in Masters of the Universe (1987)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Post War Borneo, 1945 – 1950: Nationalism, Empire and State Building. London: Routledge. ISBN	ISBN	NOUN	0	NUM	 0
The Eastern Han, also known as the Later Han, formally began on 5 August 25, when Liu	Liu	PROPN	Xiu	PROPN	 Xiu
Bernier became a Member of the Legislative Assembly in the 2013 provincial election with 46% support. Before Bernier	Bernier	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1905, Bedale suggested Birkett should go to Cambridge University to study history and theology. Birkett liked the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
Weston is within the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects six MEPs using the d'Hondt method	method	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Austria, Frederick was in conflict first with his brother Albert and then faced the pressure of Matthias Corvinus	Corvinus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Atari's stated reason for the burial was that it was changing from Atari 2600 to Atari 5200 games,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
This wall has blocked up windows extending to a low level above ground, indicating that it was an external	external	ADJ	wall	NOUN	 wall
Rolling Stone's Matthew Perpetua wrote " You know you're in for a great video when the very first	first	ADJ	thing	NOUN	 thing
This NPC appears again in their remakes, but does not perform this function. In the main game series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On his first Wilde Sau intercept mission against Allied bombers on the night of 22 September 1943, Welter shot	shot	VERB	down	ADP	 down
In 1972, George Koltanowski wrote that, " his style was very pleasing to spectators because he was always	always	ADV	looking	VERB	 looking
This eight minute flight came four months after the maiden flight of the contemporary Hurricane. K5054 was fitted with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
They're super artist friendly. They let us make our record the way we wanted to make it.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The Cincinnati Bearcats ended the 2007 college football season with a 10 – 2 record, including a win in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Invertebrate predators include crabs, starfish and octopuses. Crabs crack the shells with their pincers and starfish use their	their	PRON	water	NOUN	 water
It has been an annual tradition since 1983. Jazz in June is a music festival held the last full	full	ADJ	weekend	NOUN	 weekend
After usually 63 to 65 days of gestation (although anywhere from 54 to 70 days is possible),	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The song received widespread acclaim from music critics. In the Rolling Stone review of the album, critic Kelefa	Kelefa	PROPN	Sanneh	PROPN	 Sanneh
Professor Anspach assigned the Anti Monopoly trademark back to Parker Brothers, and Hasbro now owns it. Anspach's	's	PART	game	NOUN	 game
The house's namesake is its first owner, Joshua Perkins, a farmer and son of the prominent Captain	Captain	PROPN	Matthew	PROPN	 Matthew
The deal, when broken, meant that Anna had to be Rumplestiltskin's slave — but, alas,	,	PUNCT	Anna	PROPN	 Anna
No combativity awards were given for the time trials and the final stage. The winner wore a red number	number	NOUN	bib	NOUN	 bib
The penalty of excommunication for joining the Masonic Lodge was explicit in the 1917 code of canon law (canon	canon	NOUN	2335	NUM	 2335
Thorpe began his athletic career at Carlisle in 1907 when he walked past the track and beat all the school	school	NOUN	's	PART	's
The team is governed by the Sierra Leone Football Association and is part of the Confederation of African Football.	.	PUNCT	Sierra	PROPN	 Sierra
British troops were better trained than their French counterparts and were required to repeatedly practice firing with live rounds before	before	ADP	encountering	VERB	 encountering
In November 2012 the consulting firm Edelman began work for Yousafzai on a pro bono basis, which according to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Beverly Bryan of The Village Voice stated that the album " casts a spell with deep feeling, and melodies	melodies	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Putnam announced at a press conference that he was trying to raise the funds to pay the team's debts	debts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These Swedish settlers were Lutheran. The Gloria Dei (Old Swedes ’) Church was completed in 1700.	.	PUNCT	Colonization	NOUN	 Colonization
All I really want is [to] just be me and that's what I should have done in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was mainly because its support was confined to rural areas. The Wildrose only won two seats in Calgary	Calgary	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The software package PRRN / PRRP uses a hill climbing algorithm to optimize its MSA alignment score and iteratively corrects	corrects	NOUN	both	PRON	 both
All Things Must Pass was number 1 on the UK's official albums chart for eight weeks, although until	until	ADP	2006	NUM	 2006
Next he met and defeated the great mare Flight at even weights in the Tattersalls NSW Tramway Handicap. His	His	PRON	win	NOUN	 win
White had an idea of a " bored through " revolver cylinder to allow the use of metallic cartridges in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
" She was also listed on GameDaily's list of " hottest " blondes in video games, described as	as	ADP	both	DET	 both
Although the bill was never resurrected, Pankhurst considered it a successful demonstration of militancy's power to capture attention	attention	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another fourth year reasoned " 1 is odd and if I go down it's even. " The interviews	interviews	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Circe granted the soldiers magical weapons to aid them on their journey, and suggested that they see the Oracle	Oracle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The sixth solo song was the non album single " Bangla Desh ", released in 1971. Aside from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was additionally given the task of drafting Labour's manifesto for the 2010 general election. On 3 October	October	PROPN	2008	NUM	 2008
According to the director of the video for " Pork and Beans ", the song is about " the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
He was given a loud ovation by the fans who immediately embraced him as a local hero, even though	though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" Mrs. California " aired on NBC in the United States on December 1, 2011. The episode was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
This constituted an implicit condemnation of the British government's policy. Soon after, during the Battle of the	the	DET	Imjin	PROPN	 Imjin
Any hope of resistance was centered on two young princes, Emperor Gong's brothers. The older boy,	,	PUNCT	Zhao	PROPN	 Zhao
The route crosses into Clinton Township and it features ramps connecting to Interstate 78 / U.S. Route 22, with	with	ADP	access	NOUN	 access
Thus the phenomenon may occur in diving injuries. Trauma to parts of the respiratory system other than the lungs	lungs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The A380 requires service vehicles with lifts capable of reaching the upper deck, as well as tractors capable of	of	ADP	handling	VERB	 handling
It was divided on the Syrian military presence in the country and on the use of arms to resolve the	the	DET	Shebaa	PROPN	 Shebaa
The pyjama shark is commonly encountered in very shallow intertidal and littoral waters no more than 5 m (16	16	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
Allmusic long time contributor Stephen Thomas Erlewine considered it the highlight of My December, along with " Never Again	Again	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
In foreign policy matters Koht and Nygaardsvold usually made decisions without consulting the other ministers, merely informing the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hardboiled had no specific goal for the Allies, other than to convince the Germans of an imminent invasion threat	threat	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
A thunderstorm cell formed south of Long Island around 10: 20 am, and became a supercell sometime later	later	ADV	after	ADP	 after
In revenge, Thorolf killed Thord's seven- or eight year old son Olaf, to the disgust of Thorolf	Thorolf	PROPN	's	PART	's
" According to Scientology publications, he served as a " Commodore of Corvette squadrons " in " all five	five	NUM	theaters	NOUN	 theaters
Tecumseh informed Harrison that he had threatened to kill the chiefs who signed the treaty if they carried out its	its	PRON	terms	NOUN	 terms
The allied armies around York were separated from each other by rivers, and if Rupert attacked them in their	their	PRON	siege	NOUN	 siege
About 20% of children on the ketogenic diet achieve freedom from seizures, and many are able to reduce	reduce	VERB	the	DET	 the
" He challenged Priestley to " clear himself of the accusation " or face prosecution. " Barely a month	month	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Howe successfully forced Washington out of the New York area in the 28 October Battle of White Plains, and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
" While a number of scientists wrote in support of Roosevelt and his position, Long produced several witnesses to	to	PART	prove	VERB	 prove
A year later, Garfield entered politics as a Republican. He married Lucretia Rudolph in 1858, and served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
When the Second World War broke out, the decision was made to raise several machine gun battalions within the	the	DET	2nd	ADJ	 2nd
The noble gases up to xenon have multiple stable isotopes. Radon has no stable isotopes; its longest lived	lived	VERB	isotope	NOUN	 isotope
Tetsuo Hiraga from Hot Express commended the tracks. Regarding " July 1st " and " Independent ", Hiraga	Hiraga	PROPN	praised	VERB	 praised
The Archbishop's curse had no discernible effect, either on Urse's career or the castle. Other chroniclers	chroniclers	NOUN	record	VERB	 record
A crater 1 km (0.6 mi) across and 300 m (1,000 ft) deep formed out of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Next came a career as chief purser on cargo and passenger ships travelling to South America, Europe, and	and	CCONJ	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
Re writes on " Home Soil " continued throughout shooting, with Corey Allen receiving pages on the day before	before	ADP	filming	NOUN	 filming
The hull survived and, renamed the Prama Hydra and armed with four cannons, was stationed at the mouth	mouth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The southern black bream is golden brown or bronze coloured on the back and sides, with greenish reflections when	when	SCONJ	fresh	ADJ	 fresh
The bill had been written by Bob Bartlett, the Congressional Delegate from the Alaska Territory who later became a	a	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Prawirowihardjo took to raising the boy as his own, which provided Suharto a father figure and a stable home	home	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the past the show was also syndicated on TVtropolis (now DTour) and on Adult Swim from July	July	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
After the rematch, in which Hardy was forced to tap out, MVP attacked Hardy, repeatedly targeting his	his	PRON	knee	NOUN	 knee
Berger was beset with injuries throughout his career and received specialist treatment in the United States. He retired on	on	ADP	6	NUM	 6
These monks brought many rare Buddhist scriptures with them. In 1962, the permanent closure of the Jelep Pass	Pass	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
By the 1990s the hotel was beginning to lose it reputation and a slow decline in popularity began which would	would	AUX	culminate	VERB	 culminate
" In response to such criticisms, Transition published essays throughout the late 1920s, defending and explaining Joyce's	's	PART	work	NOUN	 work
The puffball Disciseda pila was named for its external resemblance to B. pila. Found in Texas and Argentina,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
She was coached for a short period by Loïc Courteau after trying unsuccessfully to convince Mauresmo to coach her.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
A memorial service is held for Krusty at which Bob Newhart offers condolences. While everyone assumes that Krusty is	is	AUX	dead	ADJ	 dead
Born in London, he emigrated to New Zealand after leaving school, where he worked as a surveyor.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
A distinct Greek political identity re emerged in the 11th century in educated circles and became more forceful after the	the	DET	fall	NOUN	 fall
Background vocals continue repeating words over a horn, playing in B♭ minor. The drums and the percussion	percussion	NOUN	start	VERB	 start
" Anthony Lane of The New Yorker criticised the more imperfect and self aware depiction of the character, saying	saying	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
They were married on January 28, 1956, at the Congregational Church in Wilmette, Illinois. When he	he	PRON	moved	VERB	 moved
Their exercising of these three habits is stiff and formal to begin with, and becomes increasingly snarky as the	the	DET	day	NOUN	 day
At the same time, Barcelona experienced an eruption in skinheads, who often identified with a right wing separatism	separatism	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Plaplaya, the storm damaged 215 homes. In Trujillo, a number of buildings suffered damage. At	At	ADP	Limón	PROPN	 Limón
When stars form in the present Milky Way galaxy they are composed of about 71% hydrogen and 27%	%	NOUN	helium	NOUN	 helium
Agincourt had an overall length of 671 ft 6 in (204.7 m), a beam of 89 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Horses were used extensively for military trains. They were used to pull ambulances, carry supplies and ordnance.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
In Worcester, murage was raised to support work on the walls during three main phases, 1224 to 1239	1239	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Surface analysis remains a manual and partially subjective exercise, whether it be via hand and paper, or via	via	ADP	a	DET	 a
There is also a discussion of the history of early children's television; specifically, Captain Kangaroo and The	The	DET	Howdy	PROPN	 Howdy
Shackleton (2000) adjusted the time scale of the Vostok ice core δ18O record to fit the assumed orbital	orbital	ADJ	forcing	NOUN	 forcing
Harrison had shown some favor to the free silver cause, but his party largely supported the hard money gold	gold	NOUN	standard	NOUN	 standard
Given the mountainous terrains of much of the territory, it is obvious that isolated peoples would develop cultural,	,	PUNCT	educational	ADJ	 educational
Years later, after he fell out with Orozco, Villa wrote in his memoirs that the whole episode was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Though male pigeons are usually larger than females, there is no direct evidence for the largest specimens actually being	being	AUX	the	DET	 the
The width of the track of a central eclipse varies according to the relative apparent diameters of the Sun and	and	CCONJ	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
In certain other species, the skin at the top of the head is compacted and the connective tissue of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In late 1863, Solano López was mobilizing his army and was in talks with Urquiza, the leader	leader	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Each time period is a scenario which presents a series of threats that must be avoided or confronted. Successfully	Successfully	ADV	navigating	VERB	 navigating
In 1900, the South Road David Street Forbury Corner area was home to over 50 businesses. Today,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The kidney was examined by Dr Thomas Openshaw of the London Hospital, who determined that it was human and	and	CCONJ	from	ADP	 from
The series is set in England during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I (1558 – 1603), and	and	CCONJ	sees	VERB	 sees
Union artillery chief Brig. Gen. Henry J. Hunt had only about 80 guns available to conduct counter battery fire	fire	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
To assess their identity, IFF (Identification Friend or Foe) could, by means of a distinctive blip	blip	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
They claim that people who have made a deal with the Devil to gain wealth and power have become pawns	pawns	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
English is unusual among world languages in how many of its users are not native speakers but speakers of English	English	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
In some species, eggs go through four moulting stages while nymphs go through three. Nymphs first moult into	into	ADP	workers	NOUN	 workers
After recording the first batch of originals in 1990, Yankovic focused his attention on parodies. By early 1991	1991	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, he wrote that as a hypothetical scenario, to describe the strength of a Constitution, not as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In short, her energy and vitality made her the center of attention in any social gathering. " Henry	Henry	PROPN	VIII	PROPN	 VIII
In February 1945, Prince Fumimaro Konoe gave Emperor Hirohito a memorandum analyzing the situation, and told him that	that	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
Plans and the Structure of Behavior. Adams Bannister Cox Pubs. ISBN 0937431001. — (1987).	.	PUNCT	Spontaneous	ADJ	 Spontaneous
It also gave prominent attention to his officiating of the Fitzsimmons Sharkey fight. Like his brothers, Wyatt Earp	Earp	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Attempts to generalize ordinary quantum field theories, used in elementary particle physics to describe fundamental interactions, so as	as	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
The meat packing industry is a major employer in Amarillo; about one quarter of the United States ' beef	beef	NOUN	supply	NOUN	 supply
The production was compared by Spin's Brandon Soderberg to the work of The Dream. It revolves around about	about	ADP	partying	VERB	 partying
During 1940, he published four more papers with Born on The Mass Centre in Relativity, Reciprocity, Part	Part	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Baronet Press, a small New York publishing house, agreed to publish A Contract with God, which bears	bears	VERB	the	DET	 the
The parody received radio play on country music stations in the United States. The proceeds from the track were	were	AUX	donated	VERB	 donated
Their debut album, When Fish Ride Bicycles, was released July 12, 2011. Their song " A	A	DET	Little	ADJ	 Little
Now in the present day, there are more employed Chinese women. They receive the same amount of money	money	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
At the year end charts of ARIA, " Ray of Light " was the 57th best selling Australian single	single	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He became a public figure with a national reputation and, known as an arbiter of taste, he helped	helped	VERB	establish	VERB	 establish
A few days later, Dalila passed offshore the coastline of southwestern Mexico, killing 11 and causing minimal damage	damage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, he jokingly showed willingness to change his mind if he was offered $20 million. Duncan suggested	suggested	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Plans have been unveiled to lengthen the Mavis Road overpass and add ramps to the 401 / 403 / 410	410	NUM	interchange	NOUN	 interchange
This was just north of the modern U.S. Route 411 bridge. Mooney believed Mialoquo might have been the village	village	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L / 40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed	placed	VERB	side	NOUN	 side
To the west of the Bucoleon Palace lies the Church of SS. Sergius and Bacchus, and the first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Throughout July and into August, Admiral Halsey's airmen visited destruction upon the Japanese, the last instance being	being	AUX	against	ADP	 against
He achieves this by calculating the value of a geometric series that sums to infinity with the ratio 1 /	/	SYM	4	NUM	 4
A review of American and Pacific golden plover records was begun in 1991, with the purpose of evaluating whether	whether	SCONJ	any	DET	 any
Planning for both was underway by 1958, and construction began in 1960. The bridge was built at the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The farmhouse has six fireplaces, with those on the first floor are made of cut granite blocks also with	with	ADP	granite	NOUN	 granite
The writer discussed the problem with editor Tom Congdon at a restaurant in New York: We can not agree	agree	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Continuing the search, they follow Merle's trail of blood through the building; the group encounter two walkers	walkers	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The Thing from Another World (1951), a science fiction drama coproduced with Howard Hawks's Winchester Pictures	Pictures	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The USCG had proposed rules for watertight bulkheads in Great Lakes vessels as early as the sinking of Daniel J.	J.	PROPN	Morrell	PROPN	 Morrell
Cortisol is not evenly released during the day – its concentrations in the blood are highest in the early morning	morning	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The former detects high frequencies and the latter low frequencies. Because the cochlea is short, frogs use electrical	electrical	ADJ	tuning	NOUN	 tuning
Burgundian troops surrounded the rear guard, and she was pulled off her horse by an archer. She agreed	agreed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Manchester is well known for being a city of sport. Two Premier League football clubs bear the city name	name	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
In July 1988, Harvey became a member of Automatic Dlamini, a band based in Bristol with whom she	she	PRON	gained	VERB	 gained
" Paragraph 4 provides for a rule of construction that words such as " person " and all pronouns include	include	VERB	both	DET	 both
The man was carrying a satchel and on his way from New York to Chicago. According to Deluse,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
French botanist Jacques Labillardière collected the species in 1793 and described it in 1805. Four forms have been identified	identified	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The convention center's president (who was there with a small group of convention center employees at this time	time	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Office and administrative accommodation in support of the Parliament were provided in buildings leased from the City of Edinburgh Council	Council	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Adams ' first opera, it was inspired by U.S. President Richard Nixon's visit to China in 1972.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Following the accident, passengers reported fires in the forward left and aft portions of the airplane, including many	many	ADJ	small	ADJ	 small
He played 41 games for Timrå IK, recording five shutouts and a 2.14 GAA. He remained a top	top	ADJ	goaltender	NOUN	 goaltender
In the coming winter, wanting to do anything for his daughter, Tomoya takes her on a trip,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Roberts became President of the Oxford University Conservative Association in 1946. She was influenced at university by political works	works	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) " investigates " Oscar Martinez's (Oscar Nunez) claimed sick	sick	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
On the anniversary of Congressman Ryan's death, Jackie Speier and Patricia Ryan, his daughter and friend,	,	PUNCT	visit	VERB	 visit
Most virologists believe that HIV originated in sub Saharan Africa during the 20th century, and over 70 million individuals	individuals	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Murder, theft, and terrorism, no crime is beyond the Joker, and his exploits are a theatrical	theatrical	ADJ	performance	NOUN	 performance
It features Williams ' former Destiny's Child groupmates Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland. The song was written by Williams	Williams	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Electromagnetics and lightning have little or nothing to do directly with what drives tornadoes (tornadoes are basically a thermodynamic	thermodynamic	ADJ	phenomenon	NOUN	 phenomenon
Based on the calculations the committee made, the ethnic structure of the 3,570,000 population would have been: 49	49	NUM	%	NOUN	%
It was also revealed that Jackson originally wanted to finish King Kong before The Lord of the Rings began.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
Kaufman and Price were present; they all thought she had " great character ". Manz was so convincing	convincing	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The souls balanced in the scales are naked. The blessed look towards Christ, the banished look downwards.	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
The effect of mercury took some time – the latent period between ingestion and the first symptoms (typically paresthesia	paresthesia	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Another observation by Vernallis was about the power struggle it showed in the video, with Madonna gradually losing and	and	CCONJ	relegated	VERB	 relegated
Copper forms a rich variety of compounds, usually with oxidation states + 1 and + 2, which are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Non specific symptoms, caused by similar injuries such as sprains and strains, can delay a definitive diagnosis.	.	PUNCT	Physical	ADJ	 Physical
Tech also received the Hesburgh Award for support of undergraduate teaching and learning, and the Institute's U.S. News	News	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
He was the founder, songwriter, vocalist, and guitarist in extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad from 1994	1994	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The comprehensive rehabilitation process for patients with multiple sclerosis is generally managed by physiatrists. Allied treatments such as physiotherapy	physiotherapy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1976, a smuggled research manuscript that he had published in the Netherlands drew him international attention in the	the	DET	growing	VERB	 growing
The guns fired 33 lb (15 kg) armor piercing projectiles at 2,900 ft / s (880 m	m	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
In old times, the population attributed legends, magical virtues or therapeutic effects to several springs. In Navais	Navais	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Winston Churchill and his British delegation were given temporary residence within the Vorontsov Palace. Within two weeks, construction	construction	NOUN	workers	NOUN	 workers
The Taurus Littrow site was selected with the prediction that the crew would be able to obtain samples of old	old	ADJ	highland	PROPN	 highland
The British judoka Sarah Mayer wrote " People don ’ t seem to think he will live much longer "	"	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
In a biography of Gray, it is suggested that the instrumental character of the soundtrack is emulated by later	later	ADJ	Anderson	PROPN	 Anderson
The work was first published in London in 1644. At the time of its publication there was much discussion	discussion	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
M is another character who is more fully realised than in the previous novels, and for the first time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The following month, the band signed a deal with Doom Patrol to release The North Stands for Nothing in	in	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Seen from the north, where the main road carrying the general public made its way past, the castle	castle	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
A cingulum (shelf) is present on the buccal margin of the tooth, but this cingulum is rather	rather	ADV	weak	ADJ	 weak
He also said the kickabout games the children played helped to improve his dribbling, and prepared the children for	for	ADP	future	ADJ	 future
Bruce's comments were denounced by legislators on both sides of the aisle, as well the Mexican consulate in	in	ADP	Denver	PROPN	 Denver
Smith concluded his review by describing it as " a movie about an irrelevant skirmish that ended in near total	total	ADJ	catastrophe	NOUN	 catastrophe
The Way crosses a saddle between Two Rock mountain and Kilmashogue before descending from a broad ridge between Two Rock	Rock	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Contestants started with the " B " row (the only row without wrecking balls) and selected a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
After observing the unpredictability of the Joker, Maroni informs the Joker's location to commissioner Gordon. The Joker	Joker	PROPN	sets	VERB	 sets
With Rocket approaching, there was not time to fetch the movable steps. With Rocket 80 feet (24	24	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
For budget reasons, the ships were built on docks, with only six days spent in the open sea	sea	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Fletcher replaced Karl Duguid as the team captain, and Romain Larrieu was named club captain. Sir Roy Gardner	Gardner	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 1795, the Prince acquiesced; and they were married on 8 April 1795 at the Chapel Royal,	,	PUNCT	St	PROPN	 St
The next station is Jomfrubråten, which is located 2.0 kilometers (1.2 mi) from Oslo Hospital and at	at	ADP	115.0	NUM	 115.0
During 1957 Gielgud directed Berlioz's The Trojans at Covent Garden and played Prospero at Drury Lane, but the	the	DET	production	NOUN	 production
Lennon continued to call Baird until 1976, when the calls stopped. Jackie worked as a shop assistant during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was announced that the band would precede the June 13 date with an appearance at the Sweden Rock Festival	Festival	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The Shrewsbury building was not completed until 1765, so in the meantime Sabrina and another foundling were cared for	for	ADP	by	ADP	 by
The classical inscriptions can be arranged in two groups according to the height of the lines (10 – 12	12	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
He worriedly compares it to the real thing. Aside from the damage, they appear identical. Writer Chris	Chris	PROPN	Chibnall	PROPN	 Chibnall
On the year's Valentine's Day, she appeared as the guest artist at Lara Fabian's concert special	special	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The American forces were ultimately unsuccessful in this battle and Morris was taken as a prisoner of war on October	October	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
Commissioner Curtis later praised the State Guards ' performance in his Annual Report: " The whole community is now	now	ADV	aware	ADJ	 aware
After two years there, Charlton returned to Lambton and became an official in the Colliery Employees ' Federation,	,	PUNCT	becoming	VERB	 becoming
He also had his own signature shoe line with Nike. His outspoken and aggressive play, however, also	also	ADV	caused	VERB	 caused
Noel Murray from The A.V. Club graded the episode with an A-, explaining it was " full of just	just	ADV	about	ADP	 about
After a swift progression to Senior Casualty Officer, he began to work as a general practitioner in Alford,	,	PUNCT	Aberdeenshire	PROPN	 Aberdeenshire
After being assessed the paupers were separated and allocated to the appropriate ward for their category: boys under 14	14	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
An online flyer from around this time encapsulated the Forward>> sound as " b lines to make your	your	PRON	chest	NOUN	 chest
The vastus muscle flexes the hind leg and runs from stifle to hip, while the gluteal muscles, the	the	DET	large	ADJ	 large
In many cases, the only evidence that a hurricane existed was reports from ships in its path, and	and	CCONJ	judging	VERB	 judging
Rosebery's possible homosexuality has been much discussed in recent times. Nothing conclusive has ever been found one way	way	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
In August, the last of the 2,892 stages commenced operation. K 25 and K 27 achieved their full	full	ADJ	potential	NOUN	 potential
In areas of high rainfall, a perennial watercourse often took the place of the reservoir. Inland fishing was	was	AUX	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
But with the help of Kisuke Urahara, Hitsugaya retrieves his bankai from Cang Du and defeat him. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The songs range from mechanized dance rhythms to soft balladry, giving it appeal across multiple radio formats. It	It	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Critics of Pericles ' strategy, however, have been just as numerous as its supporters. A common criticism	criticism	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The deployment of an Australian destroyer to Vietnam became permanent, with the ships operating on a six month rotation	rotation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1953 James Watson and Francis Crick, building on the work of Maurice Wilkins and Rosalind Franklin, suggested	suggested	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In an overview of the PC Engine, VideoGames & Computer Entertainment referred to the game as " characteristic of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 4th Infantry Brigade with Puttick, promoted to temporary brigadier, as its commander was to be the first	first	ADJ	brigade	NOUN	 brigade
In many cases of selenium poisoning, selenous acid is formed in the body. Hydrogen selenide (H2Se)	)	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
He wanted them to appear relatable to the audience as they were humans who deserved rights. Moffat suggested that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The four singles competitors, Omar Assar, El sayed Lashin, Nadeen El Dawlatly, and Dina Meshref,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
" Numerous video games based on the series have been produced. Some of the early games include Legend of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Crewkerne railway station is served by South West Trains on the main south western railway line. Trains operate to	to	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
A total of fifty significant archaeological sites have been identified in the park. Juan Ponce de León explored the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
This circular architectural style is seemingly mirrored in the many circular shaft tomb tableau scenes. Known primarily from this	this	DET	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
Bradman then hooked two boundaries, but suffered a fibrositis attack, which put him in significant pain. Drinks	Drinks	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" Gliding on tiptoes is fundamental to this dance. While watching a jookin ' battle in Jackson, Tennessee	Tennessee	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Turner also helped Maryland secure an appearance in the Emerald Bowl. At the start of the 2008 season,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
A second, 5,979 foot long (1,822 m) Tacoma Narrows Bridge was constructed between 1948 and 1951,	,	PUNCT	officially	ADV	 officially
On the issue dated December 20, 2008, " Miles Away " debuted and peaked at number 99 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Walpole's debt to Henry James is discernible in The Duchess of Wrexe (1914) and The Green Mirror	Mirror	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He is known for starring in the animated television sitcom The Simpsons (1989 – present), voicing Moe	Moe	PROPN	Szyslak	PROPN	 Szyslak
Moreover, this source of energy when properly handled is almost nonpolluting. Whereas fossil fuel burners emit oxides of	of	ADP	carbon	NOUN	 carbon
He died in 1995 in Beijing, aged 88. Ye Qianyu was married three times. At age 23	23	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Henry Art Gallery opened in 1927, the first public art museum in Washington. The Seattle Art Museum	Museum	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Distraught and enraged, Delsin climbs back up onto the platform and battles Augustine, destroying the entire island.	.	PUNCT	Augustine	NOUN	 Augustine
As of 2007, 58% of Americans age 18 and over were married, 6% were widowed,	,	PUNCT	10	NUM	 10
Rick Mitchell of the Houston Chronicle stated his opinion that The Hard Way " clever wordplay is no substitute for	for	ADP	heartfelt	ADJ	 heartfelt
Cleveland is among the top recipients of investment for biotech start ups and research. Case Western Reserve, the	the	DET	Clinic	PROPN	 Clinic
The Sultan and his troops then sailed to Brăila and burned it to the ground before retreating to Adrianople.	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
She recorded the theme song " Fa presto, fa piano " (" Works Quickly, Works Quietly "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
MacFarlane co created — alongside Mike Henry and Richard Appel — the Family Guy spin off The Cleveland Show,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Ground based observations of coma brightness suggested that Halley's rotation period was about 7.4 days. Images taken by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was re elected to a full six year term in 2012 with 72% of the vote, the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
The Bearded Man demands that Fassl kill Fain, beating him up when he doesn't comply. As she	she	PRON	tends	VERB	 tends
Others argue that the color may have been adopted because the violet was the flower associated with Athens, the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
When Nintendo declined, they reverse engineered the console and made a demo, Slalom to show the company.	.	PUNCT	Nintendo	PROPN	 Nintendo
" Yankee outfielder Bob Cerv recalled of the rivalry, " I always remember the games when Pierce and Ford	Ford	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
The court recessed until 2 pm, when Mrs. Electa Lecte and Elizabeth Leete, the mother and sister of	of	ADP	Jonathan	PROPN	 Jonathan
Apart from the more conventional ironclads, which the Brazilian navy could order from Britain or France, as noted	noted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Clozapine is an effective treatment for those who respond poorly to other drugs (" treatment resistant " or "	"	PUNCT	refractory	ADJ	 refractory
After a third business journey to Africa in 1890, now to Liberia and the Gold Coast, for Hendrik	Hendrik	PROPN	Muller	PROPN	 Muller
The segment between Kingston and Marion was completed in 1915. The state road was completed when the final section	section	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Remarking on the contrast between the dying figures in the foreground and the figures in the mid ground waving towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Council voted in favour of a cycle route motion in October 2007, and Network Rail informed ACR (	(	PUNCT	2006	NUM	2006
" The opening prelude introduces two important leitmotifs, generally referred to as the Communion theme and the theme of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The population has been steadily rising, from 1,547 in 1998 to 3,000 in 2006. Gorillas are also reported	reported	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In third was Williams, another 129 points behind. Per the regulations for the 2015 season, three practice	practice	NOUN	sessions	NOUN	 sessions
It is found dissolved in sea water (which is 0.04% potassium by weight), and is part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The novel eventually was hailed for its groundbreaking portrayal of a woman's views of sexuality. As of 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Uru was released in November 2003, while the multiplayer portion was delayed. Small groups of players were allowed	allowed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The same hills are the locale of the sources of the River Wylye and the Dorset Stour which flow south	south	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Their fast music, the renunciation of technical virtuosity in favour of sheer loudness, and their uncompromising attitude were	were	AUX	welcomed	VERB	 welcomed
Representatives of the WMC and the FEPC had reached a similar conclusion about the need for the President's intervention	intervention	NOUN	the	DET	 the
" Erlewine went on to praise Disintegration for being " darkly seductive ", and " a hypnotic, mesmerizing	mesmerizing	VERB	record	NOUN	 record
The county's grain industry generated $1 million (the 35th highest of Pennsylvania counties). The county	county	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
You trivialize the actions of two murderers and the lives of the innocent. " One victim of the shooting	shooting	NOUN	played	VERB	 played
There had been some confusion with the new pyrotechnics setup, which resulted in Hetfield walking into a 12 foot	foot	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
With far fewer burial contracts with London parishes than had been anticipated, by the time Brookwood Cemetery opened in	in	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Most of the collapsing mass collected in the center, forming the Sun, while the rest flattened into a	a	DET	protoplanetary	ADJ	 protoplanetary
(" Cambridge ", while sufficient for a commuter rail station, would have been confusing for a rapid	rapid	ADJ	transit	NOUN	 transit
Julian's birth, like his mother Cynthia's marriage to Lennon, was kept secret because Epstein was convinced	convinced	VERB	public	ADJ	 public
She will often hunt by herself while the cubs are still helpless, staying relatively close to the thicket or	or	CCONJ	den	VERB	 den
As painters such as Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse were reinventing art in the Bohemian districts of Montparnasse and Montmartre	Montmartre	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Additional credit of a predetermined value may also be automatically credited into the card when the card value runs low	low	ADJ	via	ADP	 via
She received the reply that although the government was agreeable to having the hill listed there were no funds available	available	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
" Supermarionation historian Stephen La Rivière suggests that the film also faced competition on its release in 1966 from other	other	ADJ	new	ADJ	 new
Yuriko was the choreographic " reconstruction assistant ". RichCrest Animation Studios and Morgan Creek Productions released a 1999 animated	animated	VERB	film	NOUN	 film
However, the Tower is still home to the ceremonial regimental headquarters of the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Times announced this production as the first known use in Britain of the opera's English libretto. The	The	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
During this time, they forage for food together, and the train often changes composition, as some males	males	NOUN	leave	VERB	 leave
Pam and Jim are still adjusting to parenthood as Angela starts dating the Senator. After Michael's replacement (	(	PUNCT	Will	PROPN	Will
" Diamonds " was well received by most critics, some of whom complimented Rihanna's different musical direction,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Paulhan repeated the journey in April 1950, the fortieth anniversary of the original flight, this time as a	a	DET	passenger	NOUN	 passenger
John Marriott of the Radio Times believed that Annie Hall was the film where Allen " found his own singular	singular	ADJ	voice	NOUN	 voice
While Fidel was married to Mirta, he had an affair with Natalia " Naty " Revuelta Clews, who	who	PRON	gave	VERB	 gave
He was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire and then as a cadet at Royal Military College Sandhurst. On	On	ADP	3	NUM	 3
On the evening of 15 December, the German battle fleet of some twelve dreadnoughts and eight pre dreadnoughts came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
At FBI headquarters, Scully meets a man who appears to be Smith, who has come to turn himself	himself	PRON	in	ADP	 in
The impact of these delays is that we will now be unable to deliver a stadium opening for the start	start	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The album was recorded over a 12 month period from March 2008, with the band announcing in April 2009	2009	NUM	that	SCONJ	 that
They aren't that good. The material they've chosen to record, or rather, the way they	they	PRON	perform	VERB	 perform
In 1944, when the United States landed on the Philippines to recapture it, orders had been sent out	out	ADP	by	ADP	 by
Speer's name was included on the list of members of a post Hitler government drawn up by the conspirators	conspirators	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
While moored in the town of Salale, the ship was heavily camouflaged and defensive arrangements were erected. These	These	PRON	included	VERB	 included
However, Jim Shelley of the Daily Mirror was highly critical of Chrissie, calling her " the ludicrous Lady	Lady	PROPN	MacBeth	PROPN	 MacBeth
They depicted animals and people, in both abstract and realistic forms, in single works and more elaborate panels	panels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Andoria Kaya Tranka Fam Forturio (アンドリア ・ カヤ ・ トランカ ・ ファム ・ フォーチュリオ), often simply called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Author Carol Clerk wrote that " during her career, Madonna has transcended the term ' pop star ' to	to	PART	become	VERB	 become
The latter flood was caused by the same storm system that caused the Johnstown Flood, which killed over 2,200	2,200	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
Mishawaka, Indiana, is adjacent to South Bend's east side. South Bend has a humid continental climate	climate	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Emanuel sent a dead fish in a box to a pollster who was late delivering polling results. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
The voice also asked him to build a temple, on the name of his daughter Champavati, if he	he	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
It was also ranked # 6 by Kerrang!, # 21 by The Guardian, # 58 by PopMatters	PopMatters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Suffering significant casualties, the Chinese offensive was finally halted the next day due to logistic difficulties. The Royal	Royal	PROPN	Australian	PROPN	 Australian
One has been awarded to a woman: Mary Edwards Walker. The first Medals of Honor (Army)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
To offset fan expectation that Spock would die, Meyer had the character " killed " in the Kobayashi Maru	Maru	PROPN	simulator	NOUN	 simulator
However, Chen believes that there is no reason for the company to commercially produce such games, as they	they	PRON	would	AUX	 would
When she asks why he is always so positive, he explains he was expected to die as a baby	baby	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
On the October 1 episode of Impact!, The Beautiful People apologized to the TNA fans and Knockouts for	for	ADP	their	PRON	 their
This makes Batman's journey through Arkham's finest nutters appear too easy – more of a stroll through a	a	DET	fairground	ADJ	 fairground
Wasteland Angel received average reviews upon release, garnering a rating of 55% on the review aggregation website GameRankings	GameRankings	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As a Lord Mayor in wartime, Chamberlain had a huge burden of work and he insisted that his councillors	councillors	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After Tosca has left, Angelotti reappears and discusses with the painter his plan to flee disguised as a woman	woman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hamels was named the 2008 World Series MVP. Subsequently, Jayson Stark wrote, The names on the list	list	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
He had long been deeply involved in the affairs of his own Duchy of Gascony. In 1278 he assigned	assigned	VERB	an	DET	 an
They also had an Internet centered feud with Raw's Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard and JTG) based on	on	ADP	which	PRON	 which
With the Twins, Nevin stopped worrying about his statistics and enjoyed playing in a pennant race. Nevin appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Brad Steirn from MuuMuse named it a " filler, including the noisy, childish chant. " Greg	Greg	PROPN	Kot	PROPN	 Kot
James Thompson criticised what he described as the anaesthetised " mélange of disconnected picture postcard gift calendar perfect scenes,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
During the late spring, the most active of the French frigates was Caroline, which intercepted a convoy of	of	ADP	East	PROPN	 East
On the other hand, the lower class also despise the aristocracy for their monopoly on resources. This tension	tension	NOUN	extends	VERB	 extends
Although they had long planned to feature Mr. Hankey in the show, they did not decide to make him	him	PRON	a	DET	 a
These, in combination with migraine headaches, led her to miss several shooting days in a row. After	After	ADP	being	AUX	 being
". On 3 August, the court granted her the restraining order. In 2013, Ouellet got engaged	engaged	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Within Eastern Prussia, they were re deployed to three forward bases; Heiligenbeil, Schippenbeil and Arys Rostken.	.	PUNCT	I.	PROPN	 I.
The Rangers established counter guerrilla patrols around the regiment's main aid station and headquarters. They first saw combat	combat	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Tampa's defense also excelled in the run and passing games; in the former, the Bucs allowed the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Because the position of Teplickzky's observed radiant and the 1935 radiant were close to the position of Comet Kiess	Kiess	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The sides of the turrets were 10 inches (254 mm) thick and their roofs were 2.5 inches (	(	PUNCT	64	NUM	64
The Stephen Crane House in Asbury Park, New Jersey, where the author lived with his siblings for nine	nine	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
A multitap can not be used to expand the number of controller ports, limiting the game to two guitars	guitars	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ' April Cross ' is a giant white radish hybrid that bolts very slowly. ' Bunny Tail '	'	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
In 2011, the species was definitively recorded there on the basis of two bats caught in the far southwest	southwest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 2009 Lisbon Treaty brought nearly all policy areas (including the budget) under the codecision procedure (renamed	renamed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
At Subic Bay in the Philippines, the cargo and troops were transferred to the USS Princeton, which arrived	arrived	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
However, he was recalled to the national side after the appointment of Ivan Hašek as head coach. On	On	ADP	12	NUM	 12
In 1948 Charteris gave birth to Fleming's daughter, Mary, who was stillborn; Charteris and Fleming became	became	VERB	engaged	VERB	 engaged
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) replace the eight Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), which expired at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hitler ruled Germany autocratically by asserting the Führerprinzip (leader principle), which called for absolute obedience of all	all	DET	subordinates	NOUN	 subordinates
Rubalcaba reiterated the " pre historic, caveman, dry & mysterious wasteland feel " that inspired the title.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
El Hatillo has a land size of 114 square kilometres (44 sq mi) – the third largest municipality	municipality	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Chatterjee and Datta explain that our understanding of Cārvāka philosophy is fragmentary, based largely on criticism of the ideas	ideas	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It continually expands its repertoire during its life, though it pales in comparison to mimids such as the brown	brown	ADJ	thrasher	NOUN	 thrasher
" They have entertained as part of the Royal Variety Performance for England's Prince Charles — sharing the bill	bill	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
While most games tended to consist of normal game mechanics underneath a bizarre concept, Wired said that their inability	inability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This is a classic problem of cartels, and thus NIRA codes failed as small business abandoned the cartels.	.	PUNCT	Studies	NOUN	 Studies
In the late 1970s WNO combined with the Cardiff based Welsh Drama Company, becoming the Welsh National Opera and	and	CCONJ	Drama	PROPN	 Drama
North of here, the highway curves to the west, intersects the eastern terminus of K 146, and	and	CCONJ	turns	VERB	 turns
The first floor gives visitors their first view of the interior of the rotunda. Below the cast iron dome	dome	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This project would later become Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day!, released in May	May	PROPN	2005	NUM	 2005
Thompson guided the paper through tough economic times as the gold near Fairbanks was mined out. During this period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Shanks had an interest in playing Jimmy because of the edgeness of the character. Shanks also suggested Aleks Paunovic	Paunovic	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The release was followed by " Shakermaker ". This song would become the subject of a plagiarism suit,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In a September 2011 interview with G4 TV, Hayashi clarified that the story was " definitely the product of	of	ADP	Mr.	PROPN	 Mr.
McCrum, writing in 2004, observes, " Wodehouse is more popular today than on the day he died	died	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In the valley areas, temporary lakes were formed and small dams were overtopped. The cities of Chigwell,	,	PUNCT	Enfield	PROPN	 Enfield
In the second half of the 1980s, Rajinikanth acted in commercially successful films like Naan Sigappu Manithan (1985	1985	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
On the DVD commentary, Weinstein considers this episode one of the most controversial of the seasons he ran,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The North Stand is the only part of the stadium built after the Commonwealth Games, during the stadium's	's	PART	conversion	NOUN	 conversion
The minimization of this side effect may allow for one for one substitution with doxorubicin in the same treatment regimen	regimen	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In New York, he crossed the Brooklyn Bridge. In 1910, he and his oxen participated in the	the	DET	Tournament	PROPN	 Tournament
Instead, the playwright said enthusiastically, " What you have done is so beautiful. And you know what	what	PRON	I	PRON	 I
Bombers and night fighters were often black, while maritime reconnaissance planes were usually white, to avoid appearing as	as	ADP	dark	ADJ	 dark
To develop fight and sword choreography for the series, the filmmakers employed Hollywood sword master Bob Anderson. Anderson	Anderson	PROPN	worked	VERB	 worked
However, it remained unstable in pitch, and exhibited a strong nose up trim. NASA engineers attempted to	to	PART	modify	VERB	 modify
My feeling is, you get two or three names on that poster, you're fine. Our Hoodwinked	Hoodwinked	PROPN	poster	NOUN	 poster
Gary Stringer, lead singer of Reef, was a local along with other members of the band, as	as	SCONJ	are	AUX	 are
The song was performed during promotion for American Life in 2003 and on the Re Invention World Tour (2004	2004	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Trains, with CBTC, can then operate closer together. With the new system, signals and interlockings are	are	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Hollywood Cemetery quickly agreed to permit LaSalle's interment at Hollywood, but this did not immediately occur for reasons	reasons	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
He lost the use of his speech, and fell into a state of stupor, which lasted for forty	forty	NUM	eight	NUM	 eight
The castle was constructed in stone, with six towers, inner buildings and gates. It was abandoned in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also scored 50 goals in 39 games, the fastest any player had reached the total in a single	single	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Danton described Lewis's vocals as " delicate " and that " take flight on the chorus ". It	It	PRON	garnered	VERB	 garnered
The operation began on 12 October, when the Kaiser class battleships engaged the batteries on the Sworbe peninsula.	.	PUNCT	Simultaneously	ADV	 Simultaneously
Within a quarter of a mile, Cambridge held a half length lead but the Dark Blues began to draw	draw	VERB	back	ADV	 back
In the video games, the Master Chief is rarely seen without his armor. In game cutscenes tease the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
Ventris's discovery of an archaic Greek dialect in the Linear B tablets demonstrated that Mycenaean Greek was " the	the	DET	oldest	ADV	 oldest
The aforementioned 2013 study noted that the western and southern CFR were separated by biogeographical barriers, such as the	the	DET	Cape	PROPN	 Cape
The course was abruptly terminated and Somervell, along with hundreds of other junior officers, was ordered to appear	appear	VERB	before	ADP	 before
His memoirs, published as The Navy from Within in 1939, were a vitriolic indictment of the Navy's	's	PART	practices	NOUN	 practices
She is then introduced to her brother under and assumed name and is in the apartment when Bryant Harding returns	returns	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The episode was written by Ken Levine and David Isaacs, and directed by Jim Reardon. The inspiration for	for	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Unlike the trunk lobes of modern elephants, the upper " finger " at the tip of the trunk had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
As Wollstonecraft scholar Janet Todd writes, " the vision of society revealed [in] A Vindication of the	the	DET	Rights	PROPN	 Rights
Jared Taylor of American Renaissance criticized The Daily Stormer's " extremely harsh, dismissive and insulting tone toward blacks	blacks	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
These four conditions closely mirror the original three conditions that the Nation Defense Authorization Act of 1996 laid out for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The work is extant in just one surviving manuscript, British Museum Cotton Vespasian A XIV, folios 175v to	to	ADP	177v	NOUN	 177v
The authorities are empowered to close an entertainment or exhibition operated in breach of any condition, or kept open	open	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
" In a bid to involve their fans for This Is War, Thirty Seconds to Mars held an event	event	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He noted that the sentences would have been even longer but for the students ' exposure to " the evil	evil	ADJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
Himmler and Potthast confessed their love for each other at Christmastime in 1938. At first they tried to keep	keep	VERB	it	PRON	 it
... the towering young Smith, centre half in the England Intermediate (Under 23) XI, is flanked	flanked	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The race was first held in 1829, and since 1845 has taken place on the 4.2 mile (6.8	6.8	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The BBC took these threats seriously enough to assign him bodyguards. Cartier appeared live on television himself to defend	defend	VERB	the	DET	 the
One worker was killed during the demolition work, in May 2001, crushed underneath an electrical connection box which	which	PRON	fell	VERB	 fell
Modern visitors to the castle enter the complex through the Bailey from the south, which also contains the modern	modern	ADJ	car	NOUN	 car
OMNH juvenile material is from at least two different age groups and based on overlapping bones likely comes from more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The old Great White Hall buildings were demolished around 1620 and replaced, and a kitchen and buttery were constructed	constructed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Burke and Zeller were named Co Big Ten Freshmen of the Year by the Sporting News. He was selected	selected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
On 25 June, Hermann Schoemann began a lengthy refit that lasted until 15 February 1941, although her machinery	machinery	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
Brett Tomko, who played with Bako in the minors in 1996 as a member of the Lookouts and in	in	ADP	1997	NUM	 1997
It was conceived as an unofficial installment in the Chrono series, set between the events of Chrono Trigger and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The couple formally announced their separation on October 29, 1953, through MGM. Gardner filed for divorce in	in	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Bonita quickly weakened into a tropical storm while crossing the country, but re intensified slightly after reaching the Mozambique	Mozambique	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
For example, it may automatically detect records belonging to the same person or address, even if the information	information	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
It also heralded Nas ’ s mainstream popularity and followed the success of other mafioso rap albums such as Raekwon	Raekwon	PROPN	's	PART	's
Specifically, these include things such as workload, overtime hours, shift decisions, and even accepting a promotion	promotion	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
On 1 September 1965, OPEC moved to Vienna, Austria, after Switzerland declined to extend diplomatic privileges.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Captain Peune, who had commanded the bomb ship chartered to ferry Thompson and his staff from Corfu to Trieste	Trieste	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After receiving an enthusiastic response to his speech of 30 January 1943 on the topic, Goebbels believed he had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
Tiruchirappalli is internationally known for a brand of cheroot known as the Trichinopoly cigar, which was exported in large	large	ADJ	quantities	NOUN	 quantities
A freelancer, Klein designed logos and title headers for various comics, while at other times created lettering for	for	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The two dated throughout high school and were married in 1960. They had two children: Wallace Glenn Wilkinson	Wilkinson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The songs " Listen to the Lion " and " Almost Independence Day " are each over ten minutes long	long	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
It did not live in Arctic Canada, which was inhabited by woolly mammoths. Fossils of woolly and Columbian	Columbian	ADJ	mammoths	NOUN	 mammoths
After a day of fighting and the death of one of their commanders, members of the detachment began to	to	PART	retreat	VERB	 retreat
The rivalry intensified after the 1989 San Marino Grand Prix, where the two drivers had an agreement that neither	neither	PRON	would	AUX	 would
We were screaming back and forth at each other, and trying to match pitches and stuff. Then,	,	PUNCT	hearing	VERB	 hearing
12% of the money from the FIFA Financial Assistance Programme (FAP) is targeted at the technical development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That April, Ezra, Eliza Jane, Oliver, and Marion Meeker set out to journey to Oregon,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
After the birth of each child, Cadron Jetté would take the newborn to be baptised at Montreal's Notre	Notre	PROPN	Dame	PROPN	 Dame
After entering the Caribbean, Inez briefly weakened before restrengthening, attaining peak sustained winds of 150 mph (240	240	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The Empress believed that Bei's openness to Chinese culture detracted from his leadership ability as a Khitan, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
He once said: " Do not praise me when I have taken 8 for 20 on a sticky wicket	wicket	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was canceled on October 1, 2009, without reason. Several songs from the album were performed by	by	ADP	West	PROPN	 West
Objections to " Church Romanization " are that some non Christians and some secular writing use it. One commentator	commentator	NOUN	observes	VERB	 observes
This cautious approach was well advised, but still the numerous incidents of covert and open hostility between the Franks	Franks	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to disappointing performances, Emanuel Steward was fired as Taylor's trainer and replaced with Ozell Nelson. Fighting	Fighting	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Construction of the runway cost 1.3 million Norwegian krone and the first aircraft landed on the strip on 14 July	July	PROPN	1970	NUM	 1970
That same year Pierre Curie entered her life; it was their mutual interest in natural sciences that drew them	them	PRON	together	ADV	 together
The communist elites used the " Jews as Zionists " allegations to push for a purge of Jews from scientific	scientific	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The Daily Telegraph's Phil Rothfield compared the " far brighter and more radiant " appearance of Johns in his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Bradley, Fern Marshall; Ellis, Barbara W.; Martin, Deborah L., eds. (2009)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
When hearing about the devastation, Mehmed — who was busy besieging a fortress in Corinth — sent his grand	grand	ADJ	vizier	NOUN	 vizier
After Victor's gaslighting of Sharon is exposed, Sharon becomes drawn to Mariah; inviting her to live with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
As it has a long half life of just over 2 million years, the alpha emitter 237Np is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Alabama did not have players participate in the Casino del Sol College All Star Game or the NFLPA Collegiate Bowl	Bowl	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Lamu Fort was turned into a prison in 1910 by the British colonial administration. In the 1950s Mau Mau	Mau	PROPN	detainees	NOUN	 detainees
Other ornithischians included Camptosaurus, Gargoyleosaurus, Dryosaurus, Othnielosaurus and Drinker. Stegosaurus is commonly found at the same	same	ADJ	sites	NOUN	 sites
After completing his tour in Thailand, McNamara served as air staff officer at RAAF Base Richmond, New South	South	PROPN	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
Critically and commercially unsuccessful. Rediff.com criticised her decision to star in the film, writing that she " gets	gets	VERB	no	DET	 no
MD 24 received its first relocation in Edgewood in the mid 1950s after assuming all of MD 408. After	After	ADP	another	DET	 another
The castle continued to fulfil several other local functions. During the outbreak of plague in 1666, the castle	castle	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The following sections describe several hypotheses: Some pertain to the composition of the infectious agent (protein only,	,	PUNCT	protein	NOUN	 protein
" Abnormal sensitivity " is where the claimant's damaged property is particularly sensitive to damage by the defendant's	's	PART	actions	NOUN	 actions
The choir section lost 75 of its 99 seats as well a painting by Juan Correa along with many stored	stored	ADJ	books	NOUN	 books
As a result, German shells pounded the British ships while the German ships remained untouched for the first 10	10	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Shortly after, her boyfriend finds her and tries to resuscitate her. Meanwhile, it is revealed that in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the Matrix now emptied of all its power, Optimus decides to go by his old name of Orion	Orion	PROPN	Pax	PROPN	 Pax
The website stated it was Metallica's best because it " built upon and perfected everything they had experimented with	with	ADP	prior	ADV	 prior
A reconceptualized version of the song was recorded by D ' Angelo and guest artists on the charity album Red	Red	PROPN	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
To make room for Burnett on the roster, the Phillies designated former first round draft pick Joe Savery for	for	ADP	assignment	NOUN	 assignment
Repulsed at what Butters is doing, Stan and Kyle try to persuade him to stop, but Butters ignores	ignores	VERB	them	PRON	 them
In 2015, " Heartbreak Hotel " was named as The # 2 Song of the Rock Era in the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
The Augusti would not meet again until 303. Some time after his return, and before 293, Diocletian	Diocletian	PROPN	transferred	VERB	 transferred
A possible explanation for this lies in the fact that its paper thin shell is characteristic of bivalves living in	in	ADP	stable	ADJ	 stable
The third race, D. d. nigrimentalis, breeds in southeastern China and southern Siberia. Its wintering grounds are	are	AUX	unknown	ADJ	 unknown
Monumental columns, or " pillars of victory ", were uncommon in Ireland at the time; the Cumberland	Cumberland	PROPN	Column	PROPN	 Column
Arriving in an open top Mercedes convertible, Bowie waved to the crowd in a gesture that some alleged was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
It runs 14.08 mi (22.66 km) from the five way intersection of Route 47 (Delsea Drive)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Due to the large number of good close fielders in the side, Jardine did not field in the slips	slips	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Just prior to his departure, at 7 p.m. on the evening of May 17, 13 ½ hours before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
The substance of the story by itself is not objectionable. The plot is interesting and the story has a	a	DET	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
It was extended northeast to Burke via Westville after the state acquired ownership of the Westville – Burke highway in	in	ADP	1980	NUM	 1980
It was last appeared on the chart on July 21, 1996, at number thirty seven. To date	date	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In his first year, Olmstead and the Moose Jaw Canucks challenged for the Memorial Cup, after finishing the	the	DET	playoffs	NOUN	 playoffs
The show may not be the best sitcom on TV now, but it's definitely the best work of	of	ADP	NBC	PROPN	 NBC
He was twice expelled from the PNL, in 1938 and 1944, creating instead his own group, the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Coquitlam is also home to Coquitlam Little League, which has been part of Little League International since 1955;	;	PUNCT	Coquitlam	PROPN	 Coquitlam
On 1 April 1921 Sikorski replaced general Tadeusz Jordan Rozwadowski as the chief of the Polish General Staff. Between	Between	ADP	1922	NUM	 1922
The song lyrics are mostly told from the point of view of characters and deal with the socio political issues	issues	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
By this date, the Army Corps of Engineers reported that 964,170 cubic yards (737,160 cubic meters),	,	PUNCT	roughly	ADV	 roughly
Enamorada de Ti debuted and peaked at number one on the US Billboard Top Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums	Albums	PROPN	charts	NOUN	 charts
The disappointed Eddie leaves, just as the real Mulder shows up. Realizing that Eddie just visited Nelligan in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Darlington created new roadway approaches (Lackawanna Road and Ferry Lane) to the bridge and even two buildings on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Deutschland was powered by one 2 cylinder single expansion engine, which was supplied with steam by eight coal fired	fired	VERB	trunk	NOUN	 trunk
This species was larger than the two other members of the genus, so it is unlikely that it represents	represents	VERB	the	DET	 the
When Sedna was discovered it was 89.6 AU from the Sun approaching perihelion, and was the most distant object	object	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Longchamp was deposed and exiled, largely because Coutances had a royal document ordering the magnates to obey Coutances '	'	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
In his 1884 book Woodcraft he wrote of the Pine Creek watershed where A huge tannery... poisons and blackens	blackens	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cassaundra Baber of Observer Dispatch listed the song on list of " Horrible holiday hits ", criticising it for	for	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The group was aided by the FBI and have since been working underground, aiding the US government; for	for	ADP	instance	NOUN	 instance
It is uncertain as to when the poem was actually completed, but Keats sent the poem to his brother	brother	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
There seemed to be one after the other of them, and we became very interested in sort of the	the	DET	characters	NOUN	 characters
By the time the race reached the Paterberg, the gap was around half a minute. On the climb	climb	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Jeffrey M. Anderson reviewed Snow White for the Combustible Celluloid website, awarding it three stars out of four	four	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Olivia continues to play along, explaining to Nina that her Cortexiphan abilities could only be induced by being near	near	ADP	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Monti had two siblings, a sister, Nicole and a brother, Timothy. After enlisting in the Army	Army	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It called for the expansion of the 67 kilometres of track in 1995 to 360 in 2030. It was	was	AUX	expected	VERB	 expected
The strictest forms of Jain diet are practised by the monastic ascetics. It also excludes potatoes and other root	root	NOUN	vegetables	NOUN	 vegetables
In April 1948, Vickers also received authority to proceed with their Type 660 which, although falling short of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the Relic Race, the player must race through a track alone and complete three laps in the fastest	fastest	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The battle between Homer and General Sherman is also reminiscent of Captain Ahab's battle with the white whale Moby	Moby	PROPN	Dick	PROPN	 Dick
On 16 and 23 February 2008, he presented the National Lottery Draw. On 1 March 2008, Barrowman	Barrowman	PROPN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Devereux and the 19th Massachusetts played a significant role in the Battle of Gettysburg on July 3, 1863.	.	PUNCT	Confederate	VERB	 Confederate
A number of accidents occurred, resulting in the deaths of four pilots. Richmond's base commander, Group	Group	PROPN	Captain	PROPN	 Captain
The ships were barque rigged to supplement the steam engine; Principe Amedeo and her sister were the last rigged	rigged	VERB	ironclad	NOUN	 ironclad
A collection of German states intended to serve as a buffer zone between France and Central Europe, the creation	creation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was extended to its present length by the following year and realigned to serve Harford later in the decade	decade	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Today these are the only remaining buildings which at one time belonged to Tewkesbury Abbey. There is a plaque	plaque	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
They are depicted with normal proportions, suggesting that they did not inherit their father's condition. The sculpture	sculpture	NOUN	's	PART	's
The rangefinder above the conning tower was replaced by a duplex unit carrying two 4.57 m rangefinders and another 4.57	4.57	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
At this time, chocolate still only existed in the bitter drink invented by the Mayas. Sweet hot chocolate	chocolate	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The major events, characters and circumstances are explained by reference to their past lives, with examples of specific	specific	ADJ	actions	NOUN	 actions
His mother finally decided to give him up to foster care, due in part because of what she called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Boris explains that he felt bad about yelling at Minka, and had gone to look for her mother's	's	PART	wine	NOUN	 wine
The game has had a positive reception, earning scores of 80% and 80 / 100 respectively from aggregate	aggregate	ADJ	sites	NOUN	 sites
This has become possible thanks to precision observations of binary pulsars. In such a star system, two highly	highly	ADV	compact	ADJ	 compact
Calculating a circuit now reduces to multiplying matrices. Matrices have a long history of application in solving linear equations	equations	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
The expanding population of Scandinavia led to a shortage of available resources and arable land there and led to a	a	DET	period	NOUN	 period
The West Indies secured a 1: 0 series victory. Willis had marked his improved form with 14 wickets	wickets	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
They look like bird like creatures or raptors. This particular species did not come into the Covenant in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The development team planned to make use of mobile phones communication abilities to facilitate interaction between players. Coded was	was	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
Jifna has local traditions and legends relating to the Holy Family, and to the village water spring. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Lee and Mathews won the Academy Award for Best Makeup, although Mathews had a budget of only $250	250	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Catch Thirtythree is one 47 minute song divided into 13 sections. It is more mid tempo guitar riff	riff	PROPN	based	VERB	 based
He had very long finger nails, and kept his money in a purse of sacking ". He also	also	ADV	noted	VERB	 noted
She cut one fifth of the play — about 120 lines — for this version, deleting some of the	the	DET	stories	NOUN	 stories
F 16s also patrolled the no fly zones in Iraq during Operations Northern Watch and Southern Watch and served during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Finding the Tequesta unwelcoming, he left to make contact with the Calusa. Menéndez met the Tequesta in 1565	1565	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The twelfth tropical cyclone, tenth named storm and sixth hurricane of the season, Hernan originated from a tropical	tropical	ADJ	wave	NOUN	 wave
An article published in Richmond's Enquirer newspaper claimed that Melvin had been caught in bed with " a blushing	blushing	NOUN	bride	NOUN	 bride
A Beautiful Lie was released on August 30, 2005 in the United States. It has since been certified	certified	VERB	platinum	NOUN	 platinum
It was replaced by a number of other surfaces including AstroTurf. It had a dirt skin infield on the	the	DET	basepaths	NOUN	 basepaths
" In an instance, a girl was unable to undergo a surgery she needed due to monetary issues,	,	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
The World Science Fiction Society established the annual John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer. All three memorials	memorials	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
Prisoners from these ships gave Howe the information that the French fleet was only a short distance ahead, but	but	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
To reach Los Angeles, the Santa Fe leased trackage rights over the Southern Pacific from San Bernardino on November	November	PROPN	29	NUM	 29
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 84.8 million tickets in the US in its initial theatrical run	run	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As with Murray's witch cult, Wicca's practitioners entered via an initiation ceremony; Murray's claims that	that	SCONJ	witches	NOUN	 witches
The total remaining area covered just 1,700 km², and compacted military and civilians alike, of which the latter	latter	ADJ	numbered	VERB	 numbered
The new motorway was completed and opened on 10 July 1980, and passes east – west between Radyr and	and	CCONJ	Morganstown	PROPN	 Morganstown
" This design was later used as model for a DC Collectibles figure, released as part of a series	series	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
On 14 August 2010, Given was dropped from the Manchester City starting XI for their opening league game against	against	ADP	Tottenham	PROPN	 Tottenham
It became the most popular race record of 1949 and reportedly sold " several hundred thousand " to one million	million	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
The show features a competition in which contestants solve word puzzles, similar to those used in Hangman, to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
A month later, Caltrans and the California Highway Patrol agreed to take more efforts to educate the public about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nedvěd and Lazio began the 1998 – 99 season with a victory in the Supercoppa Italiana, Nedvěd scoring as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Both wrestlers were wearing identical costumes, but Bearer's Undertaker wore purple while DiBiase's wore grey. Bearer	Bearer	PROPN	's	PART	's
Whatever his reasons, he was soundly defeated. In the 1949 federal election, Lewis ran again in the	the	DET	Hamilton	PROPN	 Hamilton
It represents an animal variously identified as a toad and a jaguar. The body of the animal was sculptured	sculptured	VERB	to	PART	 to
The show announced the album's actual release date and vendor, Universal Music Group, who made it available	available	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
It has a freezing point of − 38.83° C and a boiling point of 356.73° C, both	both	PRON	exceptionally	ADV	 exceptionally
The British government, fearing an uprising similar to the French Revolution, took even more drastic steps to quash	quash	VERB	the	DET	 the
This involved measuring the frequency of oscillation of the radius of a water jet. Bohr conducted a series of	of	ADP	experiments	NOUN	 experiments
They finished at the top of the Second Division, but as at that time there was no automatic promotion	promotion	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Our trade is to grow as never before. Our people are to resume their old place as traders on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Battle of Tabsor began with an intense creeping bombardment, during which three infantry divisions of the XXI Corps	Corps	PROPN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
Eleven laps later, Coulthard entered the pit lane, triggering the second round of pit stops. Ralf Schumacher	Schumacher	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
McCain's capture and subsequent imprisonment began on October 26, 1967. He was flying his 23rd bombing mission	mission	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Urban renewal efforts in the 1970s transformed downtown Lawton. A number of buildings dating to the city's founding	founding	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
I did my best to disrupt every friend's home... Partly out of envy that I didn't have	have	VERB	this	PRON	 this
These are the oldest trains built for the system; they were introduced in 1987 and are still in operation	operation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In much the same way that airpower transformed the battlefield of World War II, cyberspace has fractured the physical	physical	ADJ	barriers	NOUN	 barriers
" He added, " I asked the producer if we could leave out some of the big notes.	.	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
O'Reilly was reported to have become visibly enraged; he bowled Hardstaff next ball and then removed Hammond for a	a	DET	golden	ADJ	 golden
The shooting guard's offensive output was also erratic throughout the season, and the Raptors all but fell out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Seoul was also the focal point of Korea's highway network. It also had several crucial connection points to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Elsewhere, their main successes in 2009 were in small stage races, with Contador winning the Volta ao Algarve	Algarve	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mina's repertoire at the beginning of her career included clumsy imitations of British and American rock and jazz songs	songs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Like the rest of the Alamogordo Bombing Range, it had been acquired by the government in 1942. The	The	DET	patented	ADJ	 patented
The records of his auditions survive in the Archives Nationales in Paris. At his solfège audition on 3 July	July	PROPN	1819	NUM	 1819
Unlike many other castles of the period, Beeston does not have a keep as its last line of defence	defence	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To seek to prevent any misappropriation of the charism of Antoine within the movement after his death, the Antoinist	Antoinist	PROPN	journal	NOUN	 journal
Wells Fargo is the main tenant, occupying almost half the building. The former banking space at street level	level	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
(Augusta and Athens have excluded one or more small, incorporated towns within their consolidated boundaries, while Macon	Macon	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
Visually, the interior of the brain consists of areas of so called grey matter, with a dark color	color	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to the Illuminated Chronicle, at " an assembly of the realm near Arad " in early to mid	mid	ADJ	1131	NUM	 1131
A subsequent attempt to broker an agreement for the two nations to walk together during the March of Nations failed	failed	VERB	as	ADV	 as
Tolkien also acknowledged several non Germanic influences or sources for some of his stories and ideas. Sophocles ' play	play	VERB	Oedipus	PROPN	 Oedipus
In addition to this, the team felt limited by the previous generation's hardware. In response, they	they	PRON	decided	VERB	 decided
Ex. ", or " the Wilkes Expedition "), an expedition sailed from Sydney, Australia,	,	PUNCT	into	ADP	 into
Written and produced by the singer and her frequent collaborator Lester Mendez, " Antes de las Seis " is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
They concluded that while the song was " one of the album's most staunchly non commercial moments, but	but	CCONJ	endlessly	ADV	 endlessly
By July 2009, Scott was contracted to direct the film, and screenwriter Jon Spaihts was hired to write	write	VERB	the	DET	 the
The road was engineered by Thomas Telford and opened in 1821. The pass carries the A57 road between Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also described Satya's " slick, often mesmerizing " portrayal of the Mumbai underworld, which included gritty	gritty	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The design team was one of the recipients of the Innovation Award at the 5th annual Game Developers Choice Awards	Awards	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2008, sustained exit temperatures of up to 407° C were recorded at one of these vents,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
After Thorne's death in 1948, the farm changed hands several times; in 1968 it became Stockbriar Farm	Farm	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The museum also has a sculptured garden, an ice café and a teddy bear shop. Special events are	are	AUX	arranged	VERB	 arranged
In 2003, it was reported that of the 54 farms on the moss, occupying 3,000 acres (1,214	1,214	NUM	ha	INTJ	 ha
Looking for a new headquarters Comcast asked Arden Group and Mariner Commercial Properties to work together and combine the properties	properties	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Ahsan Haque of IGN rated " Stewie Kills Lois " a 9 / 10, while rating " Lois Kills	Kills	PROPN	Stewie	PROPN	 Stewie
He took the role of Captain T. G. Culpeper in Kramer's comedy It's a Mad, Mad,	,	PUNCT	Mad	PROPN	 Mad
This group fully understand that the casual is not enough... This is one of the greatest singles of the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
The proposed freeway would cost $60 million. By 1970, construction took place on the route between CR	CR	PROPN	539	NUM	 539
In total, 1,758 acceptable silver dollars were produced in 1794. Those which were deemed unsuitable for circulation were	were	AUX	either	ADV	 either
The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) maintains M 45 like all other parts of the state trunkline highway	highway	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
The final between India and England at Birmingham was reduced to 20 overs after a rain delay. India batted	batted	VERB	first	ADV	 first
Heinz Field served as the home field of the Gotham Rogues in the 2012 film The Dark Knight Rises.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
But in contrast to this lack of development, the neurosciences are a rapidly progressing science complex that, in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
On November 12, 2011, She made her first appearance in Singapore at Anime Festival Asia, Southeast Asia	Asia	PROPN	's	PART	's
Following the episode, the Ayn Rand Society called Groening to say they were amazed at the references to Rand	Rand	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Gurovich continues to identify them as Ferugliotherium on the basis of their size and provenance and other similarities between Ferugliotherium	Ferugliotherium	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A three part comic book adaptation with script by Chuck Dixon and Sean Deming and illustrated by David Wenzel was	was	AUX	published	VERB	 published
Estimates based on English records suggest that by the end of the Middle Ages, the Black Death and subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	recurring	VERB	 recurring
Many who supported temperance in the colonies also supported the production of American wine at this time since the colonial	colonial	ADJ	form	NOUN	 form
Cornell had lobbied the Illinois General Assembly to establish the South Park Commission. After his efforts succeeded in 1869	1869	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In this tale, Vishnu assumes his female form (the name " Mohini " is not used) and	and	CCONJ	charms	NOUN	 charms
At the time, Wotton became one of 17 defendants, all males, charged in the Palm Island riots	riots	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Several ovules of a given individual often fail to produce seeds. One contributing factor is pollen limitation, and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
The Senate refused to ratify the Versailles pact. During the 1920 election campaign, Taft supported the Republican ticket	ticket	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Several hours after being named, the storm attained its initial peak intensity with winds of 75 km / h	h	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
She is voiced by Kana Hanazawa in Japanese and Maggie Flecknoe in English. Takao's mother Takao's 47	47	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
With Bono and his wife Ali Hewson, the couple co own a 20 room villa in Èze in the	the	DET	Alpes	PROPN	 Alpes
The Washington Post stated that " no matter how they dressed it up, the Republicans ' opposition boiled down	down	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Taking this into consideration, he realized that a world record time would be needed to beat both Bolt and	and	CCONJ	Powell	PROPN	 Powell
The details of the interview were not released until after Ford's death, as he requested. Ford suffered	suffered	VERB	two	NUM	 two
" He puts his head between his legs once again as the credits roll. Similar to what they had	had	AUX	done	VERB	 done
In return for his cooperation, she promises to save his brother Dean from the Faustian deal he had made	made	VERB	to	PART	 to
Galactic habitable zone theory, however, has been criticized due to an inability to quantify accurately the factors making	making	VERB	a	DET	 a
There is no seating behind the south end zone, but the area includes a 47 by 27 foot (	(	PUNCT	14.3	NUM	14.3
The BBC hailed Mitchell's performance in the series, citing that " As Mark Corrigan, David reached out	out	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The rainfall caused drainage and traffic problems. Damage in Massachusetts totaled to $400,000 (2001 USD, $	$	SYM	520,000	NUM	520,000
Reports in the news media of dinosaur finds and dinosaur science are often inaccurate and sensationalistic, and popular dinosaur	dinosaur	NOUN	books	NOUN	 books
In total, the project cost for 22 vessels and associated support was A $155.25 million. The RAN	RAN	PROPN	never	ADV	 never
) at midnight on 1 January 1999, when the national currencies of participating countries (the eurozone) ceased	ceased	VERB	to	PART	 to
In June 2013, Ferreira starred in the short film IRL playing Angel, which has been described as "	"	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Players " earn " and " spend " DKP, bidding in a system of auctions for an item which	which	PRON	holds	VERB	 holds
The exterior sculptures created by Sala were made out of cement. Production of the cement was by the «	«	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
The marriage of her parents was unhappy. The Duke was taciturn, unfaithful, prone to drinking and emotionally	emotionally	ADV	detached	VERB	 detached
Henri Fleisch noticed an Upper Paleolithic level with further finds including polished Neolithic pieces, primitive potsherds, burned bones	bones	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
By mid afternoon, close to 10,000 German troops had escaped through the corridor. Despite being overwhelmed by strong	strong	ADJ	counterattacks	NOUN	 counterattacks
She was also a great believer in the beneficial effects of fresh air, insisting that her horses ' top	top	ADJ	stable	ADJ	 stable
One of the first analyses using cladistic methods found it to be linked with Anatosaurus (= Anatotitan) and Shantungosaurus	Shantungosaurus	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
For comparison, Neptune's mass equals 17 Earth masses, Jupiter has 318 Earth masses, and the 13	13	NUM	Jupiter	PROPN	 Jupiter
The cycle is biennial off Aldabra, where intense competition within and between species for food may constrain females to	to	PART	only	ADV	 only
Despite this, some Kelowna residents choose the Kamloops Airport over their local airport. The airport is located on	on	ADP	3035	NUM	 3035
Their sound was originally defined by mainstream country, bluegrass, and rock influences, but later albums drew more	more	ADJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
To prevent the tainted name " Archaeoraptor " from entering paleornithological literature, this redescription assigned the name to that	that	DET	part	NOUN	 part
Heavy equipment was prepared, and crews prepared to go to work after Hickel gave permission and the snow melted	melted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
An aspect that worried Fujisaka during the early stages was the decision to have the characters able to change their	their	PRON	clothing	NOUN	 clothing
Spears designed a limited edition clothing line for Candie's, which was released in stores in July 2010.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Calves are born with only a thin layer of blubber, but some species compensate for this with lanugos.	.	PUNCT	Porpoises	NOUN	 Porpoises
Traveling north, US 395 traversed much of the path of modern SR 163 and I 15 to Poway Road	Road	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A Halo based character, SPARTAN Nicole 458, appeared in Dead or Alive 4, a product of the	the	DET	collaboration	NOUN	 collaboration
" The Music Journal described the album as " certainly brash, lively and down to earth. Thoroughly infectious	infectious	ADJ	too	ADV	 too
As well as delays for the ferry, traffic could also be held due to bridges with the Royal Albert	Albert	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This cuisine is based on fresh vegetables, fish (especially salmon, trout, oysters, mussels and other	other	ADJ	shellfish	NOUN	 shellfish
Due to limited access to victims and labour camp facilities, however, many specific reports of abuses are difficult	difficult	ADJ	to	PART	 to
It was formed under the command of Generalmajor (Brigadier) Emil Zellner, with the Knight's Cross of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Grossmith also wrote, composed, and performed in several one man drawing room sketches, short comic operas or	or	CCONJ	monologues	NOUN	 monologues
Gordon chooses not to pursue Batman, believing he can help the city. In a radio interview during the	the	DET	credits	NOUN	 credits
The Armstrong Drug Store would later go through multiple owners until its closing on December 10, 1993. Armstrong	Armstrong	PROPN	married	VERB	 married
At 9: 35 Beatty signalled " Engage the corresponding ships in the enemy's line ", but Captain	Captain	PROPN	Pelly	PROPN	 Pelly
Communications throughout the affected area was disrupted or rendered impossible. The total amount of damage was $2 million	million	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Most commonly the grey currawong probes the ground for prey, but sometimes chases more mobile animals. It has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The pair lived together until 1975. They appeared in other films together, including Martin Scorsese's Boxcar Bertha	Bertha	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
(See Map 7.) Similarly, in addition to allegedly receiving a signet ring and a Royal State	State	PROPN	Sword	PROPN	 Sword
The album spent its first six weeks in the top ten, out of a total of fifty two chart	chart	NOUN	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Nadal and Federer faced each other five times in 2007, and Federer won three of their matches. For	For	ADP	the	DET	 the
1800 BC), the lector priest Unasemsaf and his family were involved in the cult of Unas. In	In	ADP	spite	NOUN	 spite
He was criticised by the Magistrate for the way he conducted his case and for " rudely interrupting " Mrs	Mrs	PROPN	Moore	PROPN	 Moore
During the day, individuals sometimes lie up in burrows but at other times rest on piles of rocks or	or	CCONJ	sun	VERB	 sun
Following the release of a version excluding the content, the rating was reverted to M. In May 2006,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The two inner tracks not next to either platform are used by express trains; Track 1 is usually used	used	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The song impacted modern rock radio in the United States on June 3, 2014. A remix by Dan	Dan	PROPN	Heath	PROPN	 Heath
They intermarried with local people, resulting in formation of the Muslim Mappila community. In the 4th century,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
Cinquemani later went on to say: " It's a step up from bras that shoot whipped cream and	and	CCONJ	fireworks	NOUN	 fireworks
I was just hoping for the best. I never got an extraordinary reaction from the public but it was	was	AUX	everywhere	ADV	 everywhere
In 1997, Oakland Avenue in Dallas, Texas, was renamed Malcolm X Boulevard. Main Street in Lansing	Lansing	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Valdez, whose mother immigrated from the Dominican Republic, was a communications specialist. Valdez's most significant work	work	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Smaller reintroductions have been done elsewhere and the current breeding population in Sweden is believed to be primarily the result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An article in FACTA underlined the sceptics ' views, saying " The fact that the company picked a bottom	bottom	NOUN	ranking	VERB	 ranking
In addition he preached as the imam of the Ibrahim Ibn Adham Mosque. Following his return to Jableh,	,	PUNCT	al	PROPN	 al
In a similar effort, the Ducks additionally acquired enforcers Stu Grimson and Jim McKenzie during the off season.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Microsoft also partnered with Pizza Hut branches in the United Kingdom; people who entered the contest via an official	official	ADJ	website	NOUN	 website
Gilbert designated the Nice specimen as the lectotype that would define S. tudes, having priority over the Cayenne specimen	specimen	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The short coda maintains the tonic key and mainly soft dynamics, achieving a resolution of the movement's conflicts	conflicts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Other invasive species also have affected the Santa Ana River. One of the most prominent is the brown headed	headed	VERB	cowbird	NOUN	 cowbird
A selection of enemies from Half Life populate the game, including alien creatures such as headcrabs and Vortigaunts.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In his will, Chetham left over £8,000 from his estate (which was worth about £14,000 in	in	ADP	total	NOUN	 total
It has not succeeded in capitalizing on the renewed interest in socialism and does not operate as a cohesive entity	entity	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore (1861 – 1941), focusing on the literal meaning of " unploughed	unploughed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Aspects of Schopenhauerian doctrine found their way into Wagner's subsequent libretti. A second source of inspiration was Wagner	Wagner	PROPN	's	PART	's
Finally, Durkheim's own son, André, died on the war front in December 1915 — a loss	loss	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone wrote that Hugh Jackman heavily improved his performance, concluding " X2 is a summer	summer	NOUN	firecracker	NOUN	 firecracker
Because of its severe damage on Vanuatu, the name Ivy was retired following its usage. In the middle	middle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fortier agreed to testify against McVeigh and Nichols in exchange for a reduced sentence and immunity for his wife.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The key part of the master plan is to refurbish and change the use of the Listed Building as a	a	DET	conference	NOUN	 conference
She asked the school board to administer all 12 of her examinations at once, and she received her high	high	ADJ	school	NOUN	 school
Lions received mixed reviews; although the overall sound of the album generally garnered praise, a frequent complaint was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Ideally, it should embrace all the peoples of the Earth who, ideally, should all be members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It grows to a carapace width of 110 mm (4.3 in) on Ascension Island, where it is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
A strong force under Muraviev and Nostitz occupied positions on both sides of the road towards Cracow, near Rakowiec	Rakowiec	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The autograph of the resulting 1900 version does not survive, and critics have speculated whether Fauré, who was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
The decision to sell the franchise came on the same day that Joy filed a $25 million claim against	against	ADP	Hugh	PROPN	 Hugh
Meg's minimalistic drumming style was a prominent part of the band's sound. Meg never had formal drum	drum	NOUN	lessons	NOUN	 lessons
He tied with Diamond for the league lead in losses, ranked sixth in the league in walks, led	led	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, in 2009, Mups were shown to be associated with the regulation of energy expenditure in mice.	.	PUNCT	Scientists	NOUN	 Scientists
He initially served as an observer and later as pilot in Kampfgeschwader 1 (KG 1) and Kampfgeschwader 51	51	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
" i09 later named the scene one of " The Best Television Moments of 2011 ". John Farrier from	from	ADP	Neatorama	PROPN	 Neatorama
Angle brackets, 〈 〉, indicate that there is a sequence of runes that can not be interpreted with	with	ADP	certainty	NOUN	 certainty
It also did well internationally, earning over ₹ 1.08 billion (US $16 million), the second	second	ADV	biggest	ADJ	 biggest
In addition to taxes, officials who had fallen into disrepute were likely to have their land and property confiscated	confiscated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Such restrictions had their origins dating back to colonial times, and were found throughout the United States. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
Trains on this line used the western platforms, and often operated loop services to and from Bristol Temple Meads	Meads	PROPN	via	ADP	 via
In the 1920s, the Fergusons sold the home to the Pearson family, and it served as the Pearson	Pearson	PROPN	Funeral	PROPN	 Funeral
On a trip to the US in May 1953 Fleming used his five day travelling time on RMS Queen Elizabeth	Elizabeth	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Hurricane force gusts affected Rhode Island, peaking at 92 mph (148 km / h) in Westerly.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Stay as far away from special effects and explosives as you can. " Minutes later confusion among the	the	DET	crew	NOUN	 crew
Diarra was a regular within the team playing alongside the likes of Owen Hargreaves, Philip Lahm, Bastian Schweinsteiger	Schweinsteiger	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This delineation is inadequate (as they note) over the age of the Solar System, since bodies "	"	PUNCT	trapped	VERB	 trapped
Sebaceous glands are also found in hairless areas (glabrous skin) of the eyelids, nose, penis,	,	PUNCT	labia	PROPN	 labia
They comprise the extant families Odobenidae (whose only living member is the walrus), Otariidae (the eared	eared	ADJ	seals	NOUN	 seals
" At 21 years old, the now famous Hill was still living at home with her parents. She	She	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The station carries a news, talk, and sports format. WINC serves Winchester along with Frederick and Clarke	Clarke	PROPN	counties	NOUN	 counties
Other services that are available include assistance from Nissan dealers to customers in the installation of charging facilities in their	their	PRON	homes	NOUN	 homes
Apple claims copyright interests in multiple products and processes and owns and licenses patents of various types as well and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
The colonial settlement of large numbers of Scottish American, English American and Scotch Irish Americans in the mountains and	and	CCONJ	piedmont	PROPN	 piedmont
Head coach José Maria Pedroto oversaw Porto's victory over Braga in the 1977 Portuguese Cup final, which ensured	ensured	VERB	the	DET	 the
In its original American broadcast on May 19, 2002, " The Frying Game " received a 6.2 rating	rating	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Throughout the United Kingdom, Easter and Christmas, the " two most important events in the Christian calendar "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The ship was found to have been approximately as efficient as the British Revenge class battleships. The ship's	's	PART	armor	NOUN	 armor
A right handed batsman, he is best known for captaining the English team during the 1932 – 33 Ashes	Ashes	PROPN	tour	NOUN	 tour
The test is believed to have taken place at Mantapsan in the vicinity of P ’ unggyeri (Korean:	:	PUNCT	풍계리	PROPN	 풍계리
When the royal charter arrived from England in 1663, Benedict Arnold became the first Governor of the colony,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Richard sparked the Richard Riot in March 1955 when he was suspended for attacking a linesman. The incident highlighted	highlighted	VERB	growing	VERB	 growing
While a student, he was commissioned to draw a series of preparatory sketches for the bell tower of his	his	PRON	hometown	NOUN	 hometown
After Lips is reported missing, Tracy interrogates his three hired guns Flattop, Itchy, and Mumbles, then	then	ADV	goes	VERB	 goes
During the operation, Ostfriesland was the lead ship in I Squadron's I Division and the ninth ship in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
[...] this Court recognized long ago that, whatever else they may have encompassed, the badges and	and	CCONJ	incidents	NOUN	 incidents
" He died of a heart attack, aged 58, during a visit to Germany in July 1964,	,	PUNCT	telling	VERB	 telling
" There are, however, significant differences between author and character. Haley is both an academic and a	a	DET	writer	NOUN	 writer
Thousands of officials in the province oversaw flood preparations. Public transportation across Fujian Province was temporarily suspended as well	well	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
" Six vaccines (MMR, varicella, influenza, hepatitis B, tetanus, meningococcal) are recognized as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
This version was used as the audio sound to the film San Francisco, which was made by a friend	friend	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It lives in slow moving fresh waters, from southern Canada to Louisiana and northern Mexico, and from the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Construction on the modern Niagara Parkway began in 1908; it was completed from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario in	in	ADP	1931	NUM	 1931
Confusion with another edible lookalike, Pleurotus ostreatus, common in the Northern Hemisphere and cultivated commercially, has been	been	AUX	the	DET	 the
This may have been a letter from Pope Adeodatus I, commanding Laurence to stay in Kent. Kirby goes	goes	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In its original broadcast, " The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons " finished 22nd in ratings for the week of November	November	PROPN	10	NUM	 10
Growing homesick at Hancock, he walked 12 miles (19 km) back to his home one Sunday.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
870. Hugh Kennedy sums up the arrangement thus: " al Muwaffaq assured their status and their position as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The play of such visual metaphors throughout gives the film a world class feel, the kind of stuff you	you	PRON	usually	ADV	 usually
It has been argued that St Edmund's story was informed by common Celtic and Germanic notions of sacred kingship	kingship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bassist Dee Dee Ramone wrote of Spector's obsessive recording techniques: " Phil would sit in the control room	room	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For these reasons, the nature test was satisfied. The Court of Appeal clarified in Manjit Singh s /	/	SYM	o	NOUN	 o
From the 1770s, following the example of the French and Spanish, amateur collectors were supplemented by official horticultural	horticultural	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
" It was reported in the media that Davis put his wife's overcoat over his shoulders while fleeing.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
In 2001, the park was visited by a total of 2.1 million people. In Amusement Today's annual	annual	ADJ	Golden	PROPN	 Golden
This edition of the Third Saturday in October was a defensive struggle with a surprise finish as the Crimson Tide	Tide	PROPN	defeated	VERB	 defeated
Genetics experiments on even simpler systems like tobacco mosaic virus and bacteriophage, aided by the new technologies of electron	electron	PROPN	microscopy	NOUN	 microscopy
This district is fully contained within Ohio's 1st congressional district. It is also (along with districts 32	32	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The Montgomery Police Commissioner, L. B. Sullivan, sued the Times for libel, stating that the advertisement damaged	damaged	VERB	his	PRON	 his
After the election, Arthur worked in vain to persuade Garfield to fill certain positions with his fellow New York	York	PROPN	Stalwarts	PROPN	 Stalwarts
Trade and warfare Owing to the scarcity of evidence dating to Unas ' reign, we know very little about	about	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Captive raccoons douse their food more frequently when a watering hole with a layout similar to a stream is not	not	PART	farther	ADV	 farther
" or " Can you help me find my car keys? ". Another approach to rate enhancement is	is	AUX	Dasher	PROPN	 Dasher
This was done while a temporary connecting To I 75 designation between Bay City and Grayling followed a different path	path	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
With a lower mass bound of 4.2 times the mass of the Earth, HD 40307 b is presumably too	too	ADV	small	ADJ	 small
A revised version of the script eliminated the trials encountered by the explorers as they navigated the underground caves to	to	ADP	Atlantis	PROPN	 Atlantis
There, the " National Bocialist " party wish to unite Minehead and Taunton in a manner similar to the	the	DET	Anschluss	PROPN	 Anschluss
" I personally don't want anyone coming to Canada who will come here and advocate violence against women,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Indefatigable class of battlecruisers were based heavily on the preceding Invincible class. The main difference was that the	the	DET	Indefatigable	PROPN	 Indefatigable
Forster said he created the Camille character as a strong female counterpart to Bond rather than a casual love interest	interest	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The work was completed in Kiel by January 1944, after which she remained in the Baltic Sea to conduct	conduct	VERB	training	NOUN	 training
Graham is also in a very raw emotional place because he's clearly conflicted and it's this cauldron of	of	ADP	emotions	NOUN	 emotions
The video was shot during the summer of 2011 during a two day shoot. Hogben and West had brainstorming	brainstorming	NOUN	sessions	NOUN	 sessions
The Polish educated class suffered greatly. A large proportion of the country's pre war social and political elite	elite	NOUN	perished	VERB	 perished
His tasks included finding experts to examine and report on his collections from the voyage. Darwin proposed to edit	edit	VERB	these	DET	 these
The names of the previous winners are engraved on the base of the trophy, with space for a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To further undermine Forgy, Patton reminded voters of the budget cuts by Congressional Republicans to programs affecting the elderly	elderly	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In March 1850, Isabella Macdonald gave birth to another boy, Hugh John Macdonald, and his father wrote	wrote	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Cyclops is captured and brainwashed by Stryker. He is engaged to Jean. Rebecca Romijn Stamos as Raven Darkhölme	Darkhölme	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Bass has said that he did not know how to dance before he joined NSYNC, and therefore found much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The championship game was a back and forth affair. Ottawa held 4 – 1 and 6 – 5 leads	leads	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" A long term local effect of the impact was the creation of the Yucatán sedimentary basin which " ultimately	ultimately	ADV	produced	VERB	 produced
The musical score for Viewtiful Joe was co composed by Masakazu Sugimori and Masami Ueda. It was released alongside	alongside	ADP	the	DET	 the
The older woman (about thirty years old) acted as a self appointed chaperone. The men gave them	them	PRON	several	ADJ	 several
" She explained that in developing the relationship between the two: " we wanted it to be real –	–	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Early in October, a low pressure system began to organize to the west of the Mexican coast, and	and	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
The writers tried to create parallels between the characters to emphasize this more, like Victor's fear of telling	telling	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The tendency to migrate is often attributed to cannibalism practised by larger frogs on those that are still developing.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
These guns could fire at 4 – 5 shells per minute. She was built with face hardened chrome nickel	nickel	NOUN	steel	NOUN	 steel
According to The Official Charts Company, the song has sold 250,000 copies there. In Ireland, the song	song	NOUN	debuted	VERB	 debuted
At 02: 16 Mikawa conferred with his staff about whether they should turn to continue the battle with the	the	DET	surviving	VERB	 surviving
There, the legendary U.S. Army Special Forces veteran known as Big Boss noticed her extroardinary abilities and brought her	her	PRON	with	ADP	 with
According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Indian economy in 2015 was nominally worth US $	$	SYM	2.183	NUM	2.183
Hakim presented 14 Indonesian films at the Nantes Three Continents Festival in November 1983; she had acted in half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Arab garrisons were withdrawn from their bases on the Byzantine coastlands, including Rhodes, in 679 – 680	680	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
It has larger inflorescences than var. sessilis, as well as larger dark green rather than blue green leaves	leaves	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
If nevertheless file data or metadata becomes corrupt, the file can be deleted without taking the whole volume offline	offline	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mo ' Nique as Mary Lee Johnston, Precious's verbally and physically abusive mother. Mo ' Nique and	and	CCONJ	Daniels	PROPN	 Daniels
Some of the evidence submitted by the prosecution took the form of depositions made by leading Nazis. The defence	defence	NOUN	demanded	VERB	 demanded
Four large stained glass windows are found in the main sanctuary. The Great East Window, " The Love	Love	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In 2009 he published a book detailing his weight loss methods. The Hanada family had generally received very positive	positive	ADJ	press	NOUN	 press
Alexander was a supporter of Gilbert of Sempringham's new monastic order of the Gilbertines, and he was also	also	ADV	known	VERB	 known
" The U.S. government also became an intermediary for BYU as 154 members of Congress issued a letter to the	the	DET	Knesset	PROPN	 Knesset
According to Béland, every player choice is gray and there are no right or wrong choices. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
MITS had announced a new computer based on the Motorola 6800 microprocessor in November 1975, the Altair 680.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The lyrical content is about the finishing and separation of a relationship between lovers. Upon its release, "	"	PUNCT	Together	ADV	 Together
Valérian is Mézières ' best known work, translated into at least thirteen languages: the last album, L	L	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
He had two full brothers: Alhfrith, who is not mentioned after 664, and Ælfwine, who was	was	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
Although sales never fully recovered, the improved Comet 2 and the prototype Comet 3 culminated in the redesigned Comet	Comet	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
" In a review focusing solely on " The Moth ", Chris Carabott of IGN gave the episode a	a	DET	9	NUM	 9
Keyboardist Ruslan Sirota is from Israel, Clarke has compared him to Chick Corea and George Duke. Pianist Hiromi	Hiromi	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
They wanted to wait for the movie to be made. I got a little hostile. When I was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Crewe Alexandra were beaten in the play off final at Wembley Stadium, with a 5 – 3 penalty shoot	shoot	VERB	out	ADP	 out
He singled out the game's writing, characters and plot structure as its best elements. Amiga Power's	's	PART	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
Little is said about Satyavati in the Mahabharata; however, later texts - the Harivamsa and the Devi Bhagavata	Bhagavata	PROPN	Purana	PROPN	 Purana
A stationary motor such as a winch is easily provided with a supply of power, but a motor that	that	PRON	moves	VERB	 moves
He admitted to smoking marijuana, but defended his actions as being legal under Hawaii law. Supporters in Australia	Australia	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
The album was re released in a fortieth anniversary edition on 31 October 2011. The release contains a new	new	ADJ	stereo	NOUN	 stereo
Jill has received favorable critical reception, having been described as " a classic example " of a female horror	horror	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
He was later Coordinator for United Nations Humanitarian and Economic Assistance Programmes Relating to the People of Afghanistan and Executive	Executive	PROPN	Delegate	PROPN	 Delegate
The types of clothes worn by peasants and commoners were largely uniform in appearance (with color standard of black	black	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
On 6 January 2016, recording Barcelona's first goal of the new year, Messi scored two goals and	and	CCONJ	assisted	VERB	 assisted
Those prisoners who were not involved in the fighting hid under the dining hall tables to escape possible gunfire.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
A few years after Suitcase's inception, Annie left the band when " the other members wanted to make	make	VERB	trip	NOUN	 trip
To achieve this objective, the German Third and Fourth Panzer Groups needed to concentrate their forces between the Volga	Volga	PROPN	Reservoir	PROPN	 Reservoir
On the ascent of the Galibier, Voeckler told Rolland not to work for him any further and to ride	ride	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Communities include a discussion board, accomplishments and game clips shared by other members, plus the ability to join	join	VERB	group	NOUN	 group
At that hearing, Maines was removed from the case and Tapson was appointed defense counsel for Nancy. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
The programs aired have included Angel Heart, Genji Monogatari Sennenki and Hellsing. Starting in 2004, Mahiro Maeda	Maeda	PROPN	directed	VERB	 directed
It also shifted airfields from Veurne in Belgium to Chipilly in France, leaving behind RNAS control by transferring to	to	ADP	No	PROPN	 No
A week later, Drain scored for the third successive league match but City lost 3 – 2 to Burnley	Burnley	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As part of his desire to bring back the divine language to poetry and science, he creates an "	"	PUNCT	Ark	PROPN	 Ark
Taft had, after McKinley's election, urged the appointment of Roosevelt as Assistant Secretary of the Navy,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Gyeongju emerged as a railroad junction in the later years of the Japanese Occupation, as the Donghae Nambu Line	Line	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Leisure and recreational locations include a rose garden which dates back to the Kellogg horse ranch years; the Kellogg	Kellogg	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
She received $17,000 in 2011 / 12 and 2010 / 11 and $5,571.42 in 2009 / 10.	.	PUNCT	Wearing	VERB	 Wearing
The British historian Sir John Wheeler Bennett, who knew Schleicher and his circle well, wrote that Bredow displayed	displayed	VERB	a	DET	 a
There are two recognized subspecies: A. v. vittata is the nominate and only extant subspecies, inhabiting Puerto Rico	Rico	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Snow DVD ROM charted again at number thirty one during mid February, whilst the CD ROM release had low	low	ADJ	enough	ADJ	 enough
She later obtained a masters and doctoral degree from Drew University, submitting a masters thesis on Henry David Thoreau	Thoreau	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Shortly after arriving at Corfu, Bojić was recruited to work for Serbian military intelligence. In mid 1916	1916	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, as the series progressed, the production team chose to emphasise contradictory aspects to her character by having	having	VERB	Gwen	PROPN	 Gwen
As third songwriter to Lennon and McCartney, George Harrison had written about his experiences regarding the disharmonious atmosphere within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
One of the arguments to do so is that these impressive objects deserve better than uninspired codes. For instance	instance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following this, Polly and Molly were the first mammals to be simultaneously cloned and transgenic. As of 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Matter accumulated in the densest regions, forming clouds of gas and the earliest stars, the Population III stars	stars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Hamiltonian variables are also called the energy variables. The integrand of a power conjugate variable with respect to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Released firstly in the United Kingdom on 9 March 2007 and in other countries later in the year, Becoming	Becoming	VERB	Jane	PROPN	 Jane
I think that everyone should have the chance to be equally miserable, if they want ", adding that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Wilson signed the Mothers to the Verve division of MGM, which had built up a strong reputation for its	its	PRON	releases	NOUN	 releases
She therefore turned hard to port to avoid Grosser Kurfürst, but the action was not taken quickly enough,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
While lions do not usually hunt people, some (usually males) seem to seek out human prey;	;	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
Thomas Kymer began mining at Pwll y Llygod and Great Forest (near Carway) in 1760, and sought	sought	VERB	parliamentary	ADJ	 parliamentary
This was recognised as early as 1992, when it was noted that winter rainfall in the Quairading region had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The rest of the squadron was ordered to provide ship's boats to attempt to tow Hannibal off the shoal	shoal	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
For this campaign, Robertson was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE),	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
There is about an equal division of the sexes with 47% of the population in the age group 25	25	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The basic unit of the OA is the lodge, which is chartered to a local BSA council. The	The	DET	lodge	NOUN	 lodge
His political goals included the overthrow of the myth of the Golden Freedoms and the reform of the backwards culture	culture	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Rejabhad, a well respected cartoonist, was Lat's mentor, and imbued the junior cartoonist with a preference	preference	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Discussing Mateiu Caragiale's originality, Călinescu saw in him " a promoter (maybe the first) of literary	literary	ADJ	Balkanism	NOUN	 Balkanism
In particular, ants that prey on termites usually have a negative impact on arboreal nesting species. Most termites	termites	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
These decisions were agreed upon during the Chief Ministers ' meeting which was held on 24 February. The three	three	NUM	language	NOUN	 language
They interviewed mutiny convict Joe Small, his defense lawyer Gerald Veltmann, as well as Percy Robinson, a	a	DET	seaman	NOUN	 seaman
The teeth of plankton feeders such as the basking shark are small and non functional. Shark skeletons are very	very	ADV	different	ADJ	 different
At its founding, it comprised only three members: Sakimoto, Iwata, and Manabu Namiki. Through Basiscape	Basiscape	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His mother and one sister, identified alternatively as Maria or Anastasia, were carriers. Therefore, had Anastasia	Anastasia	PROPN	lived	VERB	 lived
Neither of them thought the other was interested in dating and they drifted apart. After meeting again on separate	separate	ADJ	holidays	NOUN	 holidays
" Chad Grischow from IGN noted that Kesha's " ' broke and proud of it ' attitude is a	a	DET	refreshing	ADJ	 refreshing
Harvey had played what many observers thought was the greatest innings of his life, a defiant, unbeaten 92	92	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It made me feel like I wasn't even in the room. " On April, 2013 during a	a	DET	cover	NOUN	 cover
He finished his career at Kentucky with 45 games played and 39 starts. Williams was eligible for the 2009	2009	NUM	NFL	PROPN	 NFL
The show maintained its position as a top ten series and became the eighth most watched program in the season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the folding of Mapei – Quick Step at the end of the 2002 season, Cancellara joined Fassa Bortolo	Bortolo	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Players can also link Metroid Fusion to Metroid: Zero Mission to unlock a Metroid Fusion picture gallery, which	which	PRON	includes	VERB	 includes
Hairway to Steven did not have song titles when first released, and instead represented each track with an absurdist	absurdist	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Vivek, who was added to the cast in May 2014, stated during a press meet of the film	film	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
By 1938 Pah Wongso had married and opened a school for poor children, particularly those of mixed Chinese descent	descent	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Cancellara continued his success in the time trial with a victory in the Swiss national time trial. Cancellara won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
As time passed, the Spanish foragers were forced to look for victuals two or three leagues far away from	from	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The original serialization sold poorly, which made the book's success a surprise. The comic book and the	the	DET	collection	NOUN	 collection
The modern Hebrew alphabet, also known as the Assyrian or Square script, is a descendant of the Aramaic	Aramaic	PROPN	alphabet	NOUN	 alphabet
" Gomez further elaborated on the concept of the song on an interview with Just Jared Jr., saying,	,	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Though he stands five feet, nine inches tall, Cammalleri's teammates have argued his small stature is not	not	PART	a	DET	 a
In his remaining years he brought significant innovation and change to typography, exhibition design, photomontage, and book	book	NOUN	design	NOUN	 design
Gussignies: CPIE Bocage de l ' Avesnois. p. 141. Haouat, Safia (2013). Proposition	Proposition	PROPN	d'évaluation	PROPN	 d'évaluation
The Minister of Defense Ricardo López Murphy became the new Minister of Economy. During the election camapain, De	De	PROPN	la	PROPN	 la
Further studies are needed to clarify its range and relationship with other sportive lemurs in southeastern Madagascar. The species	species	NOUN	inhabits	VERB	 inhabits
The two are now considered distinct species, with the fork tailed drongo restricted to Africa and separated from the	the	DET	Asian	ADJ	 Asian
None of the leaders elected to make pit stops. Montoya maintained his lead at the restart, followed by	by	ADP	Stewart	PROPN	 Stewart
In 1952, Fisher was also appointed by President Harry S. Truman as an original commissioner to the President's	's	PART	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
China Tang is owned by the businessman David Tang and was opened in 2005. The restaurant is luxuriously designed	designed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Within two days of the Japanese landing at Lingayen Gulf, MacArthur had reverted to pre July 1941 plan of	of	ADP	attempting	VERB	 attempting
The depression moved to the northwest and transitioned into a tropical storm on June 6; it was named Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	about	ADV	 about
The teeth of the upper jaw would grind against the teeth of the lower jaw like rasps, processing plant	plant	NOUN	material	NOUN	 material
Stalin, like Hitler, worked to eliminate Polish society. The Soviet authorities sought to remove all trace of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Adams in 1765 authored the " Braintree Instructions ", a letter sent to the representatives of Braintree in the	the	DET	Massachusetts	PROPN	 Massachusetts
" His humor appealed to FDR and Skelton became the master of ceremonies for Roosevelt's official birthday celebration for	for	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Together these three hills formed a naturally strong defensive position, well suited to blocking a major advance. Regardless	Regardless	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
His IFOR command in Bosnia was indirectly criticised by Richard Holbrooke for his refusal to use his authority to also	also	ADV	perform	VERB	 perform
During 1930 football season, Alexander sent his line coach, Mac Tharpe, to scout future opponent North Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By the end of the day, the Bosnian Serb TO force in Gornji Malovan was besieged. The JNA	JNA	PROPN	instructed	VERB	 instructed
The earliest record of diplomatic contact between present day Malaysia and Vietnam dates back to 1469. Soldiers of Vietnamese	Vietnamese	PROPN	Later	PROPN	 Later
This was achieved by using a " split world aspect ", which divided the game's into two areas	areas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The significant Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) refused to join the efforts, as Jörg Haider sought to	to	PART	distance	VERB	 distance
The Amiga conversion was released as sequel Urban Strike was published for the Mega Drive in 1994. Jungle Strike	Strike	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" The review compared the album negatively to other rappers, noting that they " construct complex hip hop concertos	concertos	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" Participants could send as many designs as they wanted, as far as it included the name of the	the	DET	commune	NOUN	 commune
DJ Shadow's trademark drum chopping is juxtaposed with several other diverse sampled parts, including string movements, comedy	comedy	NOUN	routines	NOUN	 routines
There is no evidence to suggest that Kitley had any connection to Ireland, or even that he visited it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Since the band has very limited funds, Murray constructs the robot costumes himself and films the video using a	a	DET	cell	NOUN	 cell
Giese and Koellner were very low on fuel and all three were running low on ammunition, so Commander Bey	Bey	PROPN	decided	VERB	 decided
The campaign served multiple purposes, most notably the suppression of protests, which were branded as inspired by a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Havelock eventually came to the conclusion that the poetic aspects of early philosophy " were matters not of style but	but	CCONJ	of	ADP	 of
At 09: 45, Regensburg and three torpedo boats turned around to rendezvous with the torpedo boats carrying the	the	DET	crew	NOUN	 crew
According to the tradition, a Jew that lived in Jifna had visited Jerusalem during the Passion. Seeing Jesus	Jesus	PROPN	rise	VERB	 rise
In June 2013, Pusha T had been set to turn in the album to Def Jam for mastering,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
The Station Hotel was used as an admiralty administrative centre, and reopened in 1950 after refurbishment. Britain's	's	PART	railways	NOUN	 railways
Desserts include cannoli, frappe, pizelles, biscotti and gelato One parishioner explained, " I like seeing everyone	everyone	PRON	from	ADP	 from
The freeway passes near some homes before US 130 splits from I 295 at an interchange that also has access	access	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Both Sukhoi and Mikoyan modified their prototypes to validate the takeoff ramp. Three Sukhoi T10s (− 3,	,	PUNCT	−	PROPN	 −
This section of the county line also forms the southern boundary of the Huron National Forest. M 18 curves	curves	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In order to keep up pressure on the whole front, the 19th Indian Brigade was ordered to attack Villa	Villa	PROPN	Grande	PROPN	 Grande
The Giants won the game, with a score of 5 – 4. Reliable information on the Zanesville club	club	NOUN	's	PART	's
Beginning in 1895, Congress passed a number of resolutions calling for Cuban independence. Although Cleveland pursued a policy	policy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The western terminus of the route is at an intersection with NY 37 in the town of Westville. Its	Its	PRON	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
Gross wrote that " Dark Horse " " brings back memories of The White Album, as Chuck Findlay,	,	PUNCT	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
Despite this, the situation remained bleak as the supply issue was becoming a serious problem for the Australians and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
He played for only a few months with Chelmsford. He was still struggling with alcoholism and delirium tremens and	and	CCONJ	sought	VERB	 sought
Those books, still popular, played an important role in popularizing Polish history among several generations of readers.	.	PUNCT	Jasienica	PROPN	 Jasienica
The municipality maintains a bus stand that accommodates local as well as long distance buses. Bus is the primary	primary	ADJ	mode	NOUN	 mode
When a 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck Bohol and other parts of Central Visayas in 2013, the church building sustained	sustained	VERB	major	ADJ	 major
She took that photo of me, but she was just like, ‘ I can ’ t talk to	to	ADP	you	PRON	 you
This changes in different ways after the accident. Terra was officially announced as a part of the cast in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Chelsea entered the match as favourites and were undefeated against Arsenal in all competitions since 2004. Watched by a	a	DET	crowd	NOUN	 crowd
He was released two days later. The following month, he was forced to formally cease to be a	a	DET	monk	NOUN	 monk
A preliminary enquiry into Magdalena's was held at Rio de Janeiro by the British Consul General, who sent	sent	VERB	a	DET	 a
Oliphant used electromagnetic separation to separate the isotopes of lithium. He was the first to experimentally demonstrate nuclear fusion	fusion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is contested between the winners of the CFL's East and West Divisional playoffs and is one of Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	television	NOUN	 television
Zachary Houle of PopMatters called the song a " nice get up and go dance number. " Ailbhe Malone	Malone	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Piper at the Gates of Dawn was reissued in the UK in 1979 as a stereo vinyl album,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Conversely, his previous experience enabled Takahashi to easily plan the structure and scheduling for the game. During the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
Advancing up the ridge they had just abandoned, Browne's battalion came under intense fire from Ruffin's emplaced	emplaced	VERB	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
They've always been close. " Frank later begins a relationship with Bobby; Papps thought that his character	character	NOUN	's	PART	's
In the week following her first Playboy appearance, Mansfield caught Hollywood and media attention by dropping her bikini top	top	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
On 9 May, Boban, Josip Manolić, Tuđman's aide and previously the Croatian Prime Minister, and	and	CCONJ	Radovan	PROPN	 Radovan
Following his graduation from the University of Michigan, Wheatley was selected by the New York Giants of the NFL	NFL	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The quotations from the Talmud were also researched, and two rabbis, Lavi Meier and Harold M. Schulweis,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
They quickly signed licensing deals with two record labels to release The Habit of Fire in 2007. The album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In 2010, Patti Smith's book, Just Kids, a memoir of her time in 1970s Manhattan and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Flowers and Confederate flags are also placed at each of the Confederate headstones. The decorations are usually placed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The production was given at the Théâtre du Châtelet, Paris, a few weeks afterwards. McMaster was	was	AUX	followed	VERB	 followed
In 1608, Sir Aulay MacAulay of Ardincaple was a Shire Commissioner for Dumbartonshire (prior to the Acts of	of	ADP	Union	PROPN	 Union
Particularly at that moment in time, the economy was really struggling and there were a lot of very tough	tough	ADJ	conversations	NOUN	 conversations
Work on a Nintendo DS version of Guitar Hero started in early 2007 according to Vicarious Visions CEO, Karthik	Karthik	PROPN	Bala	PROPN	 Bala
The hill fort was built in and used throughout the Iron Age, as demonstrated by finds from the site	site	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Piemonte was fitted with two heavy military masts and had a partial double bottom. The large sponsons extended down	down	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Employing citizens in construction and repairing works was done in ancient Sri Lanka as a form of tax payment.	.	PUNCT	Such	ADJ	 Such
" Templeton pointed out that Columbus had a black navigator and that Africans were seen by Europeans as being culturally	culturally	ADV	advanced	ADJ	 advanced
Passengers on Raptor may not bring any loose articles onto the train and are required to wear shirts and footwear	footwear	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Later that year, McGuinn, Crosby and Hillman entered Treasure Isle Recorders in Nashville to record four new Byrds	Byrds	PROPN	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Arawe was substituted, and the size of the whole operation was scaled back. Krueger hoped to observe the	the	DET	1st	ADJ	 1st
The market was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1968 and the National Register of	of	ADP	Historic	PROPN	 Historic
Dick Bundy and his partners became fascinated with the history and legacy of the building; they arranged a partnership	partnership	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
[...] The dialog it has obviously generated — if not the box office obstacles — seems joltingly healthy	healthy	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Main Battle Tanks: 30 x Type 59, 30 x T 55, 100 x T 72 Reconnaissance vehicles	vehicles	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Originally this was reported as native FLOPS: the raw performance from each given type of processing hardware. In	In	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
However, when she sees the knife used to cut the parachute, Charlotte realises Lydia was responsible for Sarah	Sarah	PROPN	's	PART	's
The venue also features a 370 meters (1,210 ft) long running track. The cooling and heating systems	systems	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Paul MacLean once suggested, as part of his triune brain theory, that the limbic structures comprise the neural	neural	ADJ	basis	NOUN	 basis
She rejoined TransDiv 47, TransRon 16, at San Pedro Bay, Leyte Gulf, on 16 July and	and	CCONJ	sailed	VERB	 sailed
The gateway is temporarily opened, releasing hundreds of other demons into the world, before Bobby and Ellen Harvelle	Harvelle	PROPN	close	VERB	 close
Giordano finished the 2003 – 04 season with 49 points. After graduating from junior hockey, Giordano enrolled at	at	ADP	York	PROPN	 York
She also felt The Stunt Man was an important transition for her, from playing girls to playing women.	.	PUNCT	Some	PRON	 Some
The following year Bourgmont led an expedition to enlist Comanche support against the Spanish, who continued to show interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Barrett then made the decision to attack the soldiers holding the bridge. Davis's company had taken their designated	designated	VERB	position	NOUN	 position
Star News Online named " Smithers ' fey way " as one of the four hundred reasons why they loved	loved	VERB	The	DET	 The
Subsequent productions include one by Kansas City's Starlight Theatre in 1955. Equity Library Theatre produced it in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Town records list expenditures for repair and placement. For many decades the current West Cornwall bridge was believed to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
This changed after the television series Extra aired a three part profile on her acting career and work with animals	animals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Officers removed the front door to Yeates ' flat to check for clothing fibres and DNA evidence, with investigators	investigators	NOUN	examining	VERB	 examining
One example of the use of song to maintain tone is when Thorin and Company are kidnapped by goblins,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He was commissioned shortly before the outbreak of World War I, and served with Austro Hungarian forces on the	the	DET	Eastern	ADJ	 Eastern
DeLonge joked that, " We'll probably actually drive it to the (Geffen) president's house at	at	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Both the English and scientific names of this species mean " wandering falcon ", referring to the migratory habits	habits	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tropical Storm Beryl continued to track to the northwest toward the Rio Grande Valley area in the southern portion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Popular rides included the 60 mph (97 km / h) Bobs roller coaster and the Scenic Railway.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
In 1928, when he was 14, he composed an orchestral cycle, Quatre chansons françaises, setting words	words	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
He is also remembered for performing as a drag queen at the Black Cat Bar and as the founder of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
There he took part in what the authorities viewed as a revolt: after one of the inmates had insulted	insulted	VERB	a	DET	 a
The victims ' bodies were taken to the nearby town of Slatina for forensic examination on 17 December. Mackley	Mackley	PROPN	contacted	VERB	 contacted
It was in this climate of military failure that the discontent among broad sections of the Sicilian Muslim population,	,	PUNCT	hitherto	PROPN	 hitherto
Track listing All songs written and composed by James Newton Howard. The film's marketing campaign included a panel	panel	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
July 18, 1833). Maria Ursula, her parents, and both children died in September 1833 from	from	ADP	cholera	NOUN	 cholera
This came as a result of sophisticated Soviet defense networks, which used surveillance radars and radar guided surface to	to	ADP	air	NOUN	 air
Hersey had sold some writing to the pulps but his editorial experience was limited to no more than a year	year	NOUN	's	PART	's
From then on, Kouao kept Climbié away from hospitals, turning instead to churches. Kouao said to the	the	DET	pastors	NOUN	 pastors
That same night, Hardy gave Anderson a match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, immediately following Anderson's	's	PART	victory	NOUN	 victory
Instead of champagne, red, white, and blue water was sprayed on the aircraft. The 747 entered	entered	VERB	service	NOUN	 service
Shiva grabs Mohini's hand and embraces her, but Mohini frees herself and runs further. Finally, Shiva	Shiva	PROPN	grabs	VERB	 grabs
PA 997 was extended north from Green Village to PA 233 in McCrea, replacing the entire length of PA	PA	PROPN	333	NUM	 333
This theme is featured in various forms throughout the first section. Following this, a slow section is marked	marked	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The longest measured by Macintosh and Wheeler (1929) was a female 28.5 m (93.5 ft),	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Lange's husband Maynard Dixon had his studio next door, and the Stackpole and Dixon families were close —	—	PUNCT	both	DET	 both
By April 70, Jerusalem was under siege by four legions, and even after the city walls were overcome	overcome	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Steam turbines gave the design 30,500 shaft horsepower (22,700 kW) and 21 knots, while the main armor	armor	NOUN	belt	NOUN	 belt
" They also drink Vernors ginger ale, a soft drink very popular in Indiana. Windell D. Middlebrooks makes	makes	VERB	a	DET	 a
Its large campus features an eclectic mix of buildings, ranging from nineteenth century Romanesque Revival structures to contemporary buildings	buildings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As he departed other members of his Geschwader (Wing) dived on the Squadron and an inconclusive dogfight ensued	ensued	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Analyzing this film helped the director deal with the large cast and working in many different locations for Traffic.	.	PUNCT	Half	NOUN	 Half
! " have been called " wonderful ". The introduction of Ryō as a cross dressing idol has been	been	AUX	praised	VERB	 praised
The ground's inauguration game was played several months before, on 13 April 2009, against Örgryte IS.	.	PUNCT	Malmö	PROPN	 Malmö
Following his graduation, Griffin became a political worker at the National Front headquarters. As a teenager he had	had	AUX	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
He describes the spiral of Archimedes before moving on to the logarithmic spiral, which has the property of never	never	ADV	changing	VERB	 changing
Saints were believed to have an active power after death, and the reformers made great efforts to transfer saints	saints	NOUN	'	PART	 '
The highway turns northwest at the South Hill Mall onto 31st Avenue and intersects the SR 512 freeway in a	a	DET	partial	ADJ	 partial
Before the end of the half, Hyypiä had a chance to score after running past Scaloni and Harewood,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
As one walked into the tunnel, there is an enlarged chamber allowing for two way human traffic. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Burges remodelled the castle in a Gothic revival style, lavishing money and attention on the main range. The	The	DET	resulting	VERB	 resulting
Shortly thereafter, Kariya played in his 500th career NHL game, against the Philadelphia Flyers, a contest in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Against the background of a deteriorating communist shortage economy and unwillingness to negotiate seriously with Solidarity, it became increasingly	increasingly	ADV	clear	ADJ	 clear
On the week ending September 11, 2009, " Supergirl " debuted and peaked at number fifty eight on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
For taxation purposes, the whole was assessed at two geld units. Filwood Park, in the southern part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Townshend became inspired by " Long Live Rock – Rock Is Dead " ' s theme and in autumn 1972	1972	NUM	began	VERB	 began
The following day the division improved its position. Strong point " Lion ", to the south west of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
She was then sent to Cherbourg in December. In late March 1945, Lorraine left Cherbourg to participate in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Many sought to vest Hamilton with command authority over the army, and they also resisted giving prominent Democratic Republicans	Republicans	PROPN	positions	NOUN	 positions
West Carnifax (Southwestern Shipbuilding No. 1) was laid down on 17 July as the first ship of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Instead he advocated hard work, family values, integrity, and self discipline. Biographer Leycester Coltman described Castro	Castro	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
If Fireforce were available, it would arrive and engage the cadres; if not, the stick in the	the	DET	field	NOUN	 field
He oversaw a 1 – 0 win over Rochdale at Belle Vue in his first match in charge. Results	Results	NOUN	fluctuated	VERB	 fluctuated
The nickname is sometimes more loosely used to refer to the Electric Company Offense for the Bills offensive unit or	or	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
He described the work as an " erotic love story which is full of sexual yearning ". While directing	directing	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The lower deck, level with the edge of the chasm, would convey passengers and carriages, and the	the	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
Bootlegs began to increase in size, with multi CD packages being common. In 1999, a 4 CD	CD	NOUN	set	NOUN	 set
Wakefield's replacement as resident agent in Nelson for the New Zealand Company, William Fox, was a keen	keen	ADJ	advocate	NOUN	 advocate
[...] The best thing for me is that I enjoy going to work every day and have some	some	DET	great	ADJ	 great
Today, the majority of all subway delays are caused by signal problems. Whenever a signal stops working,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
After leaving the family home at the age of 13, Sanders passed through several professions, with mixed success	success	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
And this morning we honor his memory and we take strength from his example. Librescu received many academic honors	honors	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
That section, from Crestwood to Boulevard, was to begin construction soon after the $3 million (about	about	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Hurricane Fox killed at least 40 people across the island, causing severe crop damages in rural areas. The	The	DET	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
The most significant event of the tour occurred in late July 1954. Chinese airplanes had shot down a Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	DC	PROPN	 DC
The restoration of his traction engine was almost complete; later that year, however, Dibnah had another checkup	checkup	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In 1730, Vaccarini arrived in Catania as the appointed city architect and immediately impressed on the architecture the Roman	Roman	ADJ	Baroque	PROPN	 Baroque
Based on satellite imagery, it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression One E early on June 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The review enjoyed the way the episode set the stage for the apparent death, resurrection, and de aging	aging	VERB	for	ADP	 for
During his first gig, Taylor did not perform wearing a mask; however, for his second show nearly	nearly	ADV	a	PRON	 a
In February 2008, Kemp was associated with a group called " Defense of Democracies " that was advocating an	an	DET	electronic	ADJ	 electronic
In the second round St Johnstone faced the defending champions Ross County, also away from home, at Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
The radicalism of the East End contributed to the formation of the Labour Party, and Sylvia Pankhurst based campaigns	campaigns	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Ayola said of the relationship at the time: " It's love! Well, she loves him but	but	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
On 19 July 2008, being the 92nd anniversary of the Battle of Fromelles, a replica of the 1998	1998	NUM	sculpture	NOUN	 sculpture
Over 80 bands were due to perform that day, including Damon Albarn's The Good, the Bad and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
A film adaptation is being developed, and will be produced by and star Nicole Kidman. Cleave spent his	his	PRON	early	ADJ	 early
This force was designated No. 79 Squadron while at Tengah Air Base in Singapore on 29 May. (	(	PUNCT	I	NOUN	I
Disgusted with what he perceived as the government's lack of trust in the military, Oerip tendered his resignation	resignation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While he did not acquire much playing time during his second year, his stepbrother, Demetris McDaniel, was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Vishvavasu tells Rama to seek the help of Sugriva, who would know where Ravana stays. Kabandha also assured	assured	VERB	Rama	PROPN	 Rama
Most dysprosium compounds are soluble in water, though dysprosium carbonate tetrahydrate (Dy2 (CO3) 3 · 4H2O	4H2O	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
When writing music, Vinnie claimed; " we put no boundaries on it... we wanted it to be	be	AUX	very	ADV	 very
Mega Man 5 carries over the same graphical style and action platforming gameplay as the four preceding chapters in the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
The US introduced the threshold concept to the Soviets at the Geneva arms control conference in January 1960 and the	the	DET	Soviets	PROPN	 Soviets
Compared to other skiers in the class, the skier with cerebral palsy may tire more quickly. In teaching	teaching	VERB	skiers	NOUN	 skiers
There is no agreement among modern scholars on how to interpret this: " Aduluald " might be intended as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Richardson envisioned a large auditorium of thousands of people performing the calculations and passing them to others. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Instead of retreating to the third line of defences, the Poles remained outside the town, hoping to retake	retake	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Ochetellus ants are omnivores that feed primarily on arthropods, but they show a preference for fluids and sweets when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Details of the other hands are difficult to make out on the statue shown. In the standard configuration,	,	PUNCT	Ganesha	PROPN	 Ganesha
Marmots warm their bodies about every ten days. Olympic marmots lose 50% of their body mass over the	the	DET	seven	NUM	 seven
The developers contacted casting agencies, and asked their friends and families if they would like to appear as extras	extras	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club awarded the episode a " B + " and wrote that the episode,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1983 the telescope was named after Edwin Hubble, who made one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the	the	DET	20th	ADJ	 20th
The London County Council and the City Corporation also supported the plan. The Metropolitan Railway opposed, seeing further	further	ADJ	competition	NOUN	 competition
There were some dissenting voices: Sight & Sound described it as an " expensively gift wrapped Saturday afternoon pot	pot	NOUN	boiler	NOUN	 boiler
On the first play of Alabama's fourth offensive possession, Corey Lemonier forced a McCarron fumble that was recovered	recovered	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Video footage and photographs from shows at the Minneapolis Orpheum Theatre and the Milwaukee Eagles Ballroom (showing them performing	performing	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
After the outbreak of war in early August, Emden captured the Russian steamer Ryazan and brought her back to	to	ADP	Tsingtau	PROPN	 Tsingtau
Agaricales specialist Rolf Singer included Suillus brevipes in the subsection Suillus of genus Suillus, an infrageneric (a taxonomic	taxonomic	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
In Malaysia, Webber started 4th on the grid and was still running in that position before a hydraulics failure	failure	NOUN	ended	VERB	 ended
Keith DeCandido reviewed the episode for Tor.com in May 2011. He said the episode " collapses under the weight	weight	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The implication was that Shackleton's breakdown had caused the relatively unimpressive southern record. Scott eventually resumed his naval	naval	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
It was rated by the superintendent of the Wallkill Valley Railroad to be safe for rail traffic as fast as	as	ADP	40	NUM	 40
1970 was the final time the stadium was used for World Championship speedway. Mauger would go on to break	break	VERB	Ove	PROPN	 Ove
On December 19, Taylor became the first convict in 40 years to be sent to death row by a	a	DET	Weber	PROPN	 Weber
" The cover has been parodied on several occasions, not least from McCartney's own 1993 live album,	,	PUNCT	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
Short for Hybrid Configuration, this design doubles the forward most and rear most holds and leaves the others single	single	ADJ	hulled	VERB	 hulled
The team lost while Jackson spent most of the time on the bench. By January 2003, Jackson had	had	AUX	played	VERB	 played
The result served the political purposes of the scribe, but is riddled with contradictions for historians. The contradictions	contradictions	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Because the bomber's return fire was considered so dangerous, fighter pilots were trained to open fire at long	long	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
In this updated scenario, the consultants reduced the scale of the recommended system. The supplementary report stated that	that	SCONJ	the	PRON	 the
The criteria for judging the winner of the pageant allotted 80 percent to physical beauty, leaving just 20 percent	percent	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Coquillat was in turn replaced by María José Mora Devis on 19 August 1999. # Romero was replaced by	by	ADP	Joan	PROPN	 Joan
Diocletian's attempts to bring the Egyptian tax system in line with Imperial standards stirred discontent, and a revolt	revolt	NOUN	swept	VERB	 swept
Two alternatives emerged: an accurate reconstruction of the mansard roof, or a flat pitched roof. Timber was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
This high concentration of macromolecules in cytosol causes an effect called macromolecular crowding, which is when the effective concentration	concentration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The " Bardello " act of the concert commenced with a mashup of " Breathe " and " Je t	t	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
Shortly after its relaunch, one food critic described Schwa as even better than before, saying it was an	an	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
As a result she used a narrative synthesis review format, which, " lacks precision, " but allows	allows	VERB	the	DET	 the
When they arrived in Hawaii, they were greeted by George Patton and his wife Bea. Patton was on	on	ADP	duty	NOUN	 duty
In 1793 (during Nawab Mubarak ud Daulah's reign), the Nizamat (military power, civil and	and	CCONJ	criminal	ADJ	 criminal
The outstanding Scottish composer of the first half of the sixteenth century was Robert Carver (c. 1488 – 1558	1558	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Being the first accessible ocean going IJN submarine lost after Pearl Harbor, USN divers attempted to enter I 124	124	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Finally, the thirteenth episode was dropped and they made the twelfth episode 10 minutes longer (52 minutes)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Four years later he was made Surveyor General of the King's Works in Scotland, with a salary of	of	ADP	£	SYM	 £
Under the direct command of the Earl of Forth, the Royalists laid siege to the city; Rupert had	had	AUX	suggested	VERB	 suggested
There have been unconfirmed findings of this slug reported from Navarra. Natura 2000 sites for this species in Spain	Spain	PROPN	include	VERB	 include
" To help combat the negative press, Aberhart resolved to gain control of the Albertan, the one paper	paper	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Modell said the true to life way the boys formed their wrestling company was " great " and that the	the	DET	parody	NOUN	 parody
Reznor later released the first nine tracks of Ghosts I – IV and the entirety of The Slip in 2008	2008	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Entertainment Weekly's Joseph Brannigan Lynch also gave it an " A − ", and said Criss " captured	captured	VERB	the	DET	 the
ESPN commentator Lee Corso's rental car was struck by lightning, and the game was postponed due to severe	severe	ADJ	weather	NOUN	 weather
The goal of the Polish Ukrainian treaty was to establish an independent Ukraine and independent Poland in alliance, resembling	resembling	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The illustrations depict the new barn and outbuildings at Hill Top, the wrought iron gate Potter installed at the	the	DET	kitchen	NOUN	 kitchen
Although after the construction of the Eastern Parkway extension, the highway north of Canberra Avenue was signed with the	the	DET	Alternate	PROPN	 Alternate
It spent 32 weeks on the Billboard 200, and by July 2013, it had sold 1,351,000 copies in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
About 20 percent of PRSA's members are accredited. PRSA hosts the Anvil awards, which are issued based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Serviles, the Shapers ' slaves created from life essence, show abnormal intelligence and self awareness. While still	still	ADV	reeling	VERB	 reeling
Child of the Sun (1966), a novel by Lance Horner and Kyle Onstott, better known for	for	ADP	writing	VERB	 writing
Due to the severity of crop losses, farmers would be given a grant from the government that would cover	cover	VERB	50	NUM	 50
In 23 appearances for the Marlins in 2002, which included two relief appearances, he was 6 – 7	7	NUM	with	ADP	 with
Long's ascension with the Dolphins was part of an effort to overhaul the offensive line that had allowed 42	42	NUM	sacks	NOUN	 sacks
A penny Prayer book, admittedly sold at a loss, can not compete in mass of matter with many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
This inhibitor binds tightly to trypsin, preventing the trypsin activity that would otherwise be detrimental to the organ.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Considerable expansion occurred during the last two decades of the 12th century and the first two or three decades of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The male can inseminate the hermaphrodite, which will preferentially use male sperm (both types of sperm are stored	stored	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Over the next few months, Bianca becomes the beneficiary of a mystery " guardian angel ", who is	is	AUX	revealed	VERB	 revealed
Furthermore, in addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about	about	ADP	her	PRON	 her
However, these categories are not entirely mutually exclusive. It is possible for a behaviour to be both deimatic	deimatic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In May 1865, after the major Confederate armies had surrendered, Sherman wrote in a personal letter: I	I	PRON	confess	VERB	 confess
A native of Tours, John was an Angevin French physician to King William I of England, being present	present	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
The medicinal value of Artemisia annua has been used by Chinese herbalists in traditional Chinese medicines for 2,000 years.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
By July, Robert had formed an army and a fleet, ready to move against Henry in England.	.	PUNCT	Raising	VERB	 Raising
The European Cup Winners ' Cup, later retitled the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup, was founded in 1960	1960	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
They played their home games at Regents Field in Ann Arbor, Michigan and competed in the newly established Western	Western	PROPN	Conference	PROPN	 Conference
" Jim makes plans for a vacation anywhere away from Scranton. While that is going on, the other	other	ADJ	employees	NOUN	 employees
Thus, unnoticed by historians of Clan Lachlan, Gillespie MacLachlan figures on the Ragman Roll as ' Gilascope fiz	fiz	PROPN	Rouland	PROPN	 Rouland
And who is them? I mean I think we all tend to objectify people who we don't know	know	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
Two law officers arrested Smith, but were intercepted by a party of Mormons before they could reach Missouri.	.	PUNCT	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
Roush also notes that the first two weeks show how Claire " runs a charity with a brutally iron fist	fist	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
During his childhood, Virginia was racially segregated, and he witnessed incidents of racism, including a fight between	between	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In short, it can entail the full compass of biological and human activity or any part of it.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
In 1959 he published Naked Lunch, the first of many works such as The Nova Trilogy and The Wild	Wild	PROPN	Boys	PROPN	 Boys
Due to the cold water temperatures Enrique rapidly weakened, despite favorable atmospheric conditions. The storm degenerated into a	a	DET	remnant	NOUN	 remnant
The gates would spring open, creating a perfectly fair beginning for all participants. Once the race had begun	begun	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The 25th River Boat Brigade and engineer troops were ordered by Stavka to ferry the units over Lake Peipus.	.	PUNCT	Five	NUM	 Five
' A ' Squadron established itself there, while ' B ' and ' C ' Squadrons and the Machine	Machine	PROPN	Gun	PROPN	 Gun
According to Dyer in 1982, exclusion of netball from the Summer Olympics is part of the historical pattern of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She begins a relationship with Ethan Scott (Craig Vye), unaware that he is also dating Theresa McQueen	McQueen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Drew made large numbers of promises to the voters, and attempted to exploit a Defence Ministry scandal which had	had	AUX	broken	VERB	 broken
He was instead appointed to command the 23rd Queensland Regiment, Volunteer Defence Corps, which he led until his	his	PRON	retirement	NOUN	 retirement
Twelve portals are placed around the ring, oriented toward each student's hometown. Twenty seven stones complete the	the	DET	ring	NOUN	 ring
In June 1934, the portion of NY 118 between Somers and Croton Falls became concurrent to US 202,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Gay power, gay politics, that's what this report is about. It's not a story about	about	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
It is a narrow, two lane spur route connecting NY 30 to Horseshoe Lake by way of Tupper Lake	Lake	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Estimates of Indonesian deaths in fighting range from 45,000 to 100,000 and civilian dead exceeded 25,000 and may have been	been	AUX	as	ADV	 as
The program was cancelled after thirteen episodes. The last episode was broadcast in June 2001 and ended on a	a	DET	cliffhanger	NOUN	 cliffhanger
All songs written and composed by Koichi Sugiyama. All songs written and composed by Koichi Sugiyama. The manga	manga	ADJ	adaptation	NOUN	 adaptation
Houston Intercontinental Airport, which typically receives 46.07 inches (1170 mm) of rain in a year, experienced	experienced	VERB	35.7	NUM	 35.7
Love Machine consumes King Kazma and redirects the Arawashi Asteroid Probe onto a collision course with a nuclear power plant	plant	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The international community feared the worst humanitarian disaster of the war to that point would occur if the RSK or	or	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
His fellow producers blamed the issues and inconsistencies on his drinking, although his writing had all but stopped by	by	ADP	around	ADP	 around
As the battle continued, they endured heavy counterattacks as the Germans sought to regain control of the strategically important	important	ADJ	coast	PROPN	 coast
’ He has attempted to analyze the moral culpability of Catholics and their leaders, to judge the actors,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Both sites have since barred their employees from participating in daily fantasy games. On October 14, 2015,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Players can ram into each other, knocking items from their opponents ' katamaris, and if one player leads	leads	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Compton and Edrich batted cautiously to ensure the victory that saw England reclaim the Ashes 1 – 0. He	He	PRON	managed	VERB	 managed
The impact of Guitar Hero on the music industry has caused music publishers to re evaluate their approach to music	music	NOUN	licensing	NOUN	 licensing
Rio de Janeiro was laid down for the first time in March 1910. By May, the Brazilian government	government	NOUN	asked	VERB	 asked
Amplitude modulation (AM) was once the main voice mode in amateur radio before being superseded by Single sideband	sideband	ADJ	modulation	NOUN	 modulation
They introduced cloth making which, together with the local wool trade, became a major industry in Shepton and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Conway believed the strength of the portrait is in part achieved through Dürer's ability to convey this hardship,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Fishing for bream, tench, roach, rudd, perch, gudgeon, pike and carp is permitted throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sweety fights off her brother's henchmen and escapes with Guddu. Charlie tells Mikhail about the cocaine, who	who	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The BJP parliamentary leader Narendra Modi was sworn in as the 15th Prime Minister of India on 26 May 2014	2014	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Non linear editing systems played a large part in translating Lucas ' vision; he constantly tweaked, revised and	and	CCONJ	reworked	VERB	 reworked
" BioWare initially denied that a PlayStation 3 version was in the works. Despite this, it was reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
However the Tri Sviatitelia used Ioann Zlatoust's inaccurate range data and failed to register any hits on the German	German	ADJ	ship	NOUN	 ship
Thus the string writing is mainly in ten different parts, on ten separate staves. In some sections some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Chief Wiggum and his son Ralph move to New Orleans with Seymour Skinner as Wiggum's sidekick. Wiggum has	has	AUX	proclaimed	VERB	 proclaimed
In the Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet (1994), The Court concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The first season had a cast of six main actors. Tom Kenny provided the voice of the title character	character	NOUN	SpongeBob	PROPN	 SpongeBob
On 8 January 1867 Tamandaré, Bahia and Colombo bombarded Paraguayan fortifications at Curupaity. The Brazilians broke through the	the	DET	river	NOUN	 river
Battle honours are awarded to a regiment for their performance in certain battles and campaigns, and are displayed on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Second, that a reward would be given for the denunciation of hidden Christians. Third that propagators of the	the	DET	Christian	ADJ	 Christian
This definition was expanded on by Slade J in McGovern v Attorney General, where he said that: (	(	PUNCT	1	X	1
Partly in response to the situation, British social crediter John Hargrave visited Alberta to advise the government on how	how	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
On the third day, Hooper wants to bring along a shark proof cage. Initially Quint refuses, considering	considering	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Section 8B (2) contained an ouster clause that restricted the scope of judicial review to any question relating	relating	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The former proved especially successful, to the point that when a larger armored fire control tower and standard bridge	bridge	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Perseus is bordered by Aries and Taurus to the south, Auriga to the east, Camelopardalis and Cassiopeia to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The author draws on previously unpublished materials, such as Hubbard's teenage diaries and personal correspondence to colleagues,	,	PUNCT	employers	NOUN	 employers
However, the episodes wrapping up the cold war did not reveal the identity of " future guy ",	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He also began studying revolutionary politics including the Marxist theory of Henri Lefebvre, who introduced him to the Communist	Communist	ADJ	poet	NOUN	 poet
In 1980, a Flint area politician wanted to dedicate a highway after the United Auto Workers (UAW)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The plant uses radio frequency devices to monitor the inventory of materials used to manufacture tyres, such as the	the	DET	100	NUM	 100
Stable air ahead of the system inhibited the possibility of rapid development as warm waters supported intensification. By the	the	DET	morning	NOUN	 morning
The game, which was only released in Japan for the Famicom Disk System, was a special promotional version	version	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
An estimated 62,200 fans were in attendance, and millions more people watched the game on television. TBS televised	televised	VERB	the	DET	 the
He did not attack the capital, but waited for almost a year for the city to surrender. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Some have resigned or have been removed from the order, while other appointments have been controversial. Appointees are	are	AUX	presented	VERB	 presented
It was released as the first single from the band's 2009 self titled debut album on 17 February 2009	2009	NUM	through	ADP	 through
The final single from Homework was " Revolution 909 ". It was released in February 1998 and reached number	number	NOUN	47	NUM	 47
Ultimately, the jury returns a verdict of not guilty. Angered, Scott promises vengeance. He is ultimately	ultimately	ADV	approached	VERB	 approached
Gateway, under auspices of Amtrak, would include a high speed rail right of way from Newark Penn to	to	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
The nickname was originally a variant on the now rarely seen straw plaiters. Supporters of the club are also	also	ADV	called	VERB	 called
The track was made in what was once a vegetated wetland mud flat. It measures 83 centimeters (33	33	NUM	in	ADP	 in
" [He] put the gay vote on the map ", said Terence Kissack, former executive director	director	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Seraglios served as expressions of the nobility's power and wealth. Animals such as big cats and elephants,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
During Olivia's final test in the tank, she is again able to cross over to the gift shop	shop	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
John Harris typified these bands, and Gallagher, of sharing " a dewy eyed love of the 1960s,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
This cast includes some 44 named personages, many of whom appear only once or twice. Some, like	like	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was thought to be due to synchrotron radiation, caused by the injection of relativistic electrons — electrons with	with	ADP	velocities	NOUN	 velocities
The Guardian disagreed with this perspective, arguing that " her affinity with Japanese pop culture [...] yields	yields	VERB	a	DET	 a
Blood or plasma alprazolam concentrations are usually in a range of 10 – 100 μg / L in persons receiving	receiving	VERB	the	DET	 the
Groups 4 to 6, 13 to 17, 20 to 24, 26 and 52 all date to the	the	DET	Late	ADJ	 Late
Each side had comparable forces: Maximilan had about 6,500 men, about half of which (3,290) were	were	AUX	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
Although Minas Geraes had been further refitted from 1939 to 1943, the ship was still too old and in	in	ADP	too	ADV	 too
This track was originally announced to be on the CD itself, but Best Buy opted to include an insert	insert	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They were also spared from having to compete with monkeys, which evolved later. The intelligence, aggression,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Named for the date of its creation on June 10, 1999, it was established for the purpose of	of	ADP	coordinating	VERB	 coordinating
When Apollonius reached Indo Parthia's capital Taxila, his caravan leader read Vardanes ' official letter, perhaps written	written	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the 1994 Spanish Ondas Awards, Mi Tierra was the Best International Album and Estefan the Best International Artist	Artist	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Believing they were being ridiculed, some JOUAM marchers were outraged and wrote to the editor. The owner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Critics regarded the series as unusual, and it received notably poor ratings. Commentators considered these ratings to reflect	reflect	VERB	a	DET	 a
Transferring expedition crews By 14 March, the expedition crews had completed the change over, but until the shuttle	shuttle	NOUN	undocked	VERB	 undocked
US 197 was established in 1952 using the existing The Dalles California Highway, itself created as a part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kenyan Attorney General Githu Muigai issued a statement that the pair would not be required to vacate office until their	their	PRON	appeals	NOUN	 appeals
Moti says that Illusia will be protected as a haven and that humans will not return for many more years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His best friend is Cole, whom he works on a motorbike with. The family owns a Chevrolet as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
While this correspondence was taking place, another issue arose when, in early 1644, a publication entitled A	A	DET	Short	PROPN	 Short
Henry Payne was born in Hamilton in Madison County, New York, in 1810, the son of Elisha	Elisha	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Strauss composed " Traum durch die Dämmerung ", along with the other two of Op. 29, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Previous publications on non convexity and economics were collected in an annotated bibliography by Kenneth Arrow. He gave the	the	DET	bibliography	NOUN	 bibliography
The exchange marked the beginning of a patronage that continued for many years. Not long thereafter, the poet	poet	NOUN	Vasily	PROPN	 Vasily
No. 82 Wing moved to its present location at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland, in 1946, where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" He switched to law and spent his final year as a legal student (1990 – 1991) at	at	ADP	Guildford	PROPN	 Guildford
In 1935, through his congressman, he had legislation introduced into the House of Representatives for a commemorative coin	coin	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The actors believed the scene to be a " huge moment " for their characters, which Furlan described as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
On the March 18, 2001 episode of Heat, Crash defeated Dean Malenko to win the Light Heavyweight Championship	Championship	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
While praising its original form, Allmusic said that ' as a dance song, it misses the mark...	...	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The German battlecruisers made their own turn north in pursuit, but Beatty's ships maintained full speed, and	and	CCONJ	gradually	ADV	 gradually
When Mean Streak opened, it broke three records among wooden roller coasters. It was the wooden roller coaster	coaster	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The Matfield Green service area (mile 97) shares the design of the Towanda service area, and also	also	ADV	provides	VERB	 provides
This improvement means adding about 32 km (20 miles) in an hour of charging, rather than about	about	ADV	19	NUM	 19
Cena countered a running punt attempt into the STFU submission hold. Orton, however, got to the bottom	bottom	ADJ	rope	NOUN	 rope
By 16: 00 it had successfully captured the last of the intermediate objectives assigned to it and a platoon	platoon	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Tom La Marre, in his 1987 article on the Panama – Pacific issue, pointed out that miners regarded	regarded	VERB	the	DET	 the
These changes resulted from further research on maltreated and institutionalized children and remain in the current version, DSM IV	IV	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In mid 1917 he was attached to the divisional artillery of the 1st Division. On the night of 15	15	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
It was released on 12 August 2014, on the PlayStation Network. Instead of formally announcing a new Silent	Silent	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
" Aside from her third Filmfare Award for Best Actress for the role, she won the Filmfare Critics Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
However, Johnson missed the Pro Bowl, with most experts attributing the snub to the Lions ' dismal winless	winless	NOUN	season	NOUN	 season
Smith posted his season best performance against 21st ranked Boston College with 245 all purpose yards and eight receptions for	for	ADP	115	NUM	 115
She soon made good friends with Harold Urey and Enrico Fermi, who arrived at Columbia in 1939. Fermi	Fermi	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
" Aries is composed of ten tracks, six of which are " romance themed " ballads. The rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Cardiff Docks, whose opening in 1837 had led the press to praise Bute as " the creator of	of	ADP	modern	ADJ	 modern
" The spoken introduction, " Smoked Pork " features Ice T taking on the roles of a gangster pretending	pretending	VERB	to	PART	 to
, Texas Instruments, Perot Systems, Rackspace and AT & T. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Lyndon	Lyndon	PROPN	B.	PROPN	 B.
Marl prairies are usually under water from three to seven months of the year, whereas sloughs may remain submerged	submerged	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The collision killed 21 people: 17 Canadian soldiers en route to the Korean War and the two man locomotive	locomotive	ADJ	crew	NOUN	 crew
Some mainstream Holocaust historians have labeled Mayer a denier. The Israeli historian Yehuda Bauer wrote that Mayer " popularizes	popularizes	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nationally, in the 2007 election, the province voted with the Justice and Development Party, who were followed	followed	VERB	closely	ADV	 closely
At around this time Etty began to receive many unsolicited letters from wealthy Old Etonian lawyer Thomas Myers. Myers	Myers	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In order to promote the single, Stan was invited to perform the recording on various native TV shows,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
He returned home in March 1920. The first of Minton's three children, Sherman Jr., was born	born	VERB	while	SCONJ	 while
In business, Hull was twice involved in the operation of restaurants. He owned two eateries in St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
Genealogical and other research indicates that Norton's parents were John Norton (d. August 1848) and Sarah Norden	Norden	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, Xin moved to Beijing. Her first	first	ADJ	performance	NOUN	 performance
The game was developed and ran on the Nvidia GeForce 4 Ti GPU, which the President of Square Yoichi	Yoichi	PROPN	Wada	PROPN	 Wada
On lap 25, Zonta was involved in another collision when he attempted to overtake Minardi driver Gastón Mazzacane at	at	ADP	turn	NOUN	 turn
These youth plan and put on a program each summer in Central California. In 2009 they offered for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Amn't as a contraction of am not is known from 1618. As the " mn " combination of two	two	NUM	nasal	ADJ	 nasal
The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is one of the long lasting policies of the European Community. The	The	DET	policy	NOUN	 policy
The amount of rusticles on the ship had increased greatly. Curiously, the same thing had happened over about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the Indian Ocean raid in April 1942, the carrier attacked British merchant shipping with both her guns and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Nausea normally resolves after two or three weeks of treatment but laxatives will need to be aggressively maintained. Analgesics	Analgesics	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
The means to secure this presence however involved a bitter argument within the British government, with no coherency in	in	ADP	decision	NOUN	 decision
In 1905, Desgrange chose to overlook this, and focused instead on the introduction of the Ballon d'Alsace,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Winston Churchill was the MP between 1900 and 1906. Constituency boundaries changed during the 20th century, and Chadderton	Chadderton	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
Most plays in the game are resolved in such a way that the scorer is not given more than one	one	NUM	choice	NOUN	 choice
Meanwhile, Brian has been out of town attending a seminar on creating a web series and is unaware of	of	ADP	what	PRON	 what
Rydell and other filmmakers started a casting call in late March 2000 to find the most suitable actor for the	the	DET	lead	ADJ	 lead
The Boleyns preferred France over the Emperor as a potential ally, and the King's favour had swung towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
A Norman, he was a member of the cathedral clergy at Rouen before becoming a royal clerk under King	King	PROPN	William	PROPN	 William
and the world so hushed! The stilly murmur of the distant Sea Tells us of silence. (lines	lines	NOUN	1	NUM	 1
Premier later agreed and commented, I was surprised I got that call ' cause of our differences in the	the	DET	audiences	NOUN	 audiences
Myasnikov assembled a team of four men, who all, like him, were former prisoners of the Tsarist	Tsarist	ADJ	regime	NOUN	 regime
The third series was released on DVD on 23 May 2005 in Region 4, 5 September 2005 in Region	Region	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
York won three of the opening seven matches in 2011 – 12 and were only once below a play off	off	ADP	place	NOUN	 place
The resulting conflict, called the Battle of Seven Pines (or Fair Oaks), was inconclusive. Johnston	Johnston	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Republicans saw her finances as a " genderless " issue that they could attack Ferraro with without creating a	a	DET	backlash	NOUN	 backlash
" Named the " Queen of Pop " by Rolling Stone magazine, her work has influenced Miley Cyrus,	,	PUNCT	Nicki	PROPN	 Nicki
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 51% of commentators gave the film a positive review, based on	on	ADP	226	NUM	 226
Edward Guthman of the San Francisco Chronicle found Zeta Jones to be a standout among the ensemble and labelled her	her	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
The results are most curious and the skill shown in discovering them equally so. " George Bentham praised its	its	PRON	value	NOUN	 value
The McCormack Dickstein committee was a precursor to the House Committee on Un American Activities. In November 1934,	,	PUNCT	Butler	PROPN	 Butler
" Eurasian watermilfoil (Myriophyllum spicatum) in parts of the US, fill lakes with plants complicating fishing and	and	CCONJ	boating	VERB	 boating
As of 2009, they are expected to remain in service until 2016, being replaced with civilian operated SAR	SAR	PROPN	rotorcraft	NOUN	 rotorcraft
Thomas Leabhart states that " Jacques Copeau was drawn instinctively by taste and tendency to a restrained theatre which was	was	AUX	based	VERB	 based
Another crash happened shortly afterwards, involving Jelle Vanendert (Lotto Soudal), Alexey Tsatevich (Katusha) and	and	CCONJ	Kévin	PROPN	 Kévin
Reducing friction is vital for minimizing wear on components and preventing overheating. As the relative speed of the components	components	NOUN	rises	VERB	 rises
" The sudden departure of Skilling combined with the opacity of Enron's accounting books made proper assessment difficult for	for	ADP	Wall	PROPN	 Wall
The filming in France was supported by the Nord Pas de Calais Film Commission and benefited from the Tax Rebate	Rebate	PROPN	International	PROPN	 International
When the Air Service was renamed the Air Corps in 1926, the Joint Army Navy Board was in the	the	DET	process	NOUN	 process
A number of small blockhouses are associated with La Ferté, as well as unconnected casemates: Casemate de Margut	Margut	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
DVD schlock wrote that the film series " manage to give an edge of bad assitude to its vampires "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
From the 1870s gun rooms began to be added, mainly to cater for weapons for hunting weekends. The	The	DET	popularity	NOUN	 popularity
The onset must have occurred before the age of 18, and can not be attributed to the effects of	of	ADP	another	DET	 another
On July 4, 1800, the Indiana Territory was established out of Northwest Territory in preparation for Ohio's	's	PART	statehood	NOUN	 statehood
Together with Harley Granville Barker and Guthrie he reopened the Old Vic with Shakespeare. His King Lear once again	again	ADV	divided	VERB	 divided
Some debris was found floating in the crash area and over the following weeks debris washed up on the nearby	nearby	ADJ	shorelines	NOUN	 shorelines
The government then relocated to Villa Somalia in Mogadishu from its interim location in Baidoa, marking the first time	time	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Calmed by his subordinates, he instead assembled his officers and the Royal Marines aboard his ship and advanced on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The eye emerged into the Windward Passage near Léogâne, although severely weakened. The pressure rose to 987 mbar	mbar	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
349 – 407, Archbishop of Constantinople, was an important Early Church Father. He is known for his	his	PRON	preaching	NOUN	 preaching
The first ionization energy is the energy it takes to remove one electron from an atom, the second ionization	ionization	NOUN	energy	NOUN	 energy
Patton, who had been told he had no chance to ever again ride a horse or resume normal life	life	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tracy left MGM in 1955 and continued to work regularly as a freelance star, despite an increasing weariness as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
This extended the Dodgers ' lead to 4 – 2. The Dodgers further threatened in the bottom of the	the	DET	eighth	ADJ	 eighth
Kalam was elected as the 11th President of India in 2002 with the support of both the ruling Bharatiya Janata	Janata	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
In 1833, the British Crown and the House of Commons proposed immediate abolotion of slavery in India, but	but	CCONJ	East	PROPN	 East
Initially, it was announced that the matter had been discussed and that bassist Trujillo had agreed not to play	play	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
The film grossed ₹ 40.7 million in two weeks; ₹ 85 million in five weeks, and ₹ 100	100	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Due to the favorable ruling in the case, Hinde benefited greatly because of his large land holdings in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The action of 28 January was the final battle between British and German warships in Norwegian waters during World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
However, this is now known to be an artifact of long branch attraction — they are derived groups and	and	CCONJ	retain	VERB	 retain
The similarity did not go unnoticed: James Russell Lowell in his A Fable for Critics wrote the verse,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
, to the Irish Post Office for impressing with an official post paid indicia. Window envelopes were popular for	for	ADP	printed	VERB	 printed
There was also praise for the new gameplay additions, such as the grappling hook, and the wealth of	of	ADP	content	NOUN	 content
Others claim musical inspiration from the plant: including " Salvia divinorum " by 1200 Micrograms, " Salvia "	"	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Lying generally between the foot of a continental rise and a mid ocean ridge, abyssal plains cover more than	than	ADP	50	NUM	 50
The prevailing lowland forest ecosystem was transformed from forest to grassland; some of this change was caused by the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
In 1937, Herbie Collins wrote, at a time when Wally Hammond was considered to be the world's	's	PART	leading	VERB	 leading
Niémen was purchased into the Navy for the sum of £29,979 2 10d, which was split between the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
Frusciante's first major influence was Jimi Hendrix. He then saw The Red Hot Chili Peppers (at that	that	DET	point	NOUN	 point
" She felt she had partially experienced parenthood through her much younger siblings, which fulfilled any need to have	have	AUX	children	NOUN	 children
Minstrel shows used African American elements in musical performances, but only in simplified ways; storylines in the shows	shows	NOUN	depicted	VERB	 depicted
The two noted " [' Redux II '] is a likable enough little romp, but it's	's	AUX	too	ADV	 too
The united congregation became Hebron Church, the first Lutheran church west of the Shenandoah Valley. While the Reformed	Reformed	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Shortly after WrestleMania 23, when promotion for The Marine ended, the military attire diminished and was replaced with	with	ADP	apparel	NOUN	 apparel
During the winter, the turtle hibernates. In the north, the inactive season may be as long as	as	ADP	from	ADP	 from
Allied with Gregorio Funes, Saavedra expanded the number of members of the Junta to leave Morenism in a minority	minority	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This enables the late succession plants to become established and encourages the recycling of the tropical forest. Phasmatodea are	are	AUX	recognized	VERB	 recognized
Featuring instrumentation from guitar, marimba, harp and keyboard, " Another Suitcase in Another Hall " finds Dickson	Dickson	PROPN	singing	VERB	 singing
", and " What is too fast to see, but has a bird's eye view? "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" And in 1777, Johnson said to Boswell " Our ramble in the islands hangs upon my imagination.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Warner Bros liked the images and authorised their use. The band had a recording session at Sawmills Studios,	,	PUNCT	Cornwall	PROPN	 Cornwall
Tight Rope was certified gold for U.S. shipments of 500,000 copies, but did not receive any higher certification.	.	PUNCT	Stephen	PROPN	 Stephen
Seat belts were added to the ride in the spring of 2014 as a supplement to the original lap bar	bar	NOUN	restraint	NOUN	 restraint
With star quarterback Brian Brohm having undergone surgery to repair a torn anterior cruciate ligament, there were some questions	questions	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
This method had been used since the league's creation in 1920, but no situation had been encountered where	where	SCONJ	two	NUM	 two
Instead, he saw Logan leaving the house with a firearm in hand, and saw that the two deputies	deputies	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Following the album's release, it was reported that A Little More Personal (Raw) was certified Gold	Gold	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Despite York hoping to extend his loan, he returned to Darlington following its expiration on 19 October 2005 and	and	CCONJ	played	VERB	 played
The Tsar told Olga " to love her new country twice more than her own ", but she was	was	AUX	ill	ADJ	 ill
I'm not picky. Mainly for drinking. " " Like a Stone ", the second single from	from	ADP	Audioslave	PROPN	 Audioslave
The star lies within the field of view of the Kepler Mission, which discovered it as part of a	a	DET	NASA	PROPN	 NASA
The fall of the great metropolis of northern Syria was soon followed by a treaty between the Byzantines and the	the	DET	Hamdanid	PROPN	 Hamdanid
Several months after the San Francisco fair, at the Panama – California Exposition held in San Diego, festivities	festivities	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
As Prime Minister, John Key is directly responsible for the GCSB, which is not allowed to spy on	on	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
" Kaddish " was written by producer Howard Gordon and directed by Kim Manners. The episode was dedicated to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other smaller storms and eddies were found throughout the banded clouds (see animation on the right). Two	Two	NUM	new	ADJ	 new
Ratzenberger, in his first season as a Formula One driver, had run over a kerb at the Acque	Acque	PROPN	Minerali	PROPN	 Minerali
As well as this, the Nine Network and NBN Television both provided a multi view service with additional text	text	NOUN	information	NOUN	 information
There are various 18th century memorials, and some from the 19th and 20th centuries honouring members of the Williams	Williams	PROPN	family	NOUN	 family
Karen pursues David as he storms off after the ceremony, shouting his name, undoubtedly ready to alternate once	once	ADV	more	ADV	 more
The Greek victories had been short lived. The Sultan had called to his aid his Egyptian vassal Muhammad Ali	Ali	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The producers of Deep Space Nine decided create a new character to fit a similar mould, which resulted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The more simplistic perception that they only show hunter gatherers ' attempts to acquire food is now thought to be	be	AUX	naïve	ADJ	 naïve
The bird is connected to the ring only by its wing tips. " The Hunger Games has received critical	critical	ADJ	acclaim	NOUN	 acclaim
The team won a single silver medal, in the debut sport of wheelchair curling, and finished seventeenth in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The main villain of the game is Gismor (ジスモア, Jisumoa), leader of the Knights of the	the	DET	Seal	PROPN	 Seal
Having served its original purpose in announcing independence, references to the text of the Declaration were few in the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
On August 27, nearly all of South Korea was placed under a typhoon warning as the storm approached.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In particular, he counseled women to not have abortions except in the rare cases allowed by LDS doctrine,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Soeman published another novel, Mentjahari Pentjoeri Anak Perawan (Seeking a Maiden's Kidnapper), in 1932.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In May 1939, France turned over 10 T 26s, which had been interned after they had retreated across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sandman's theme uses " two contrabass saxophones, two contrabass clarinets, two contrabass bassoons and eight very low	low	ADJ	French	ADJ	 French
These traders penetrated into Spanish Florida, leading to raiding and reprisal expeditions on both sides. In 1700,	,	PUNCT	Carolina	PROPN	 Carolina
Archaeological work has continued at the castle, following on from limited investigations in the 1970s, the work on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Each of the executors of Martin's will received ten guineas. Martin bequeathed the remainder of his property and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Finally, the union of amplitude and formal challenge offered unique opportunities as well for the concentrated intensity and concreteness	concreteness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Afterwards, Ma'mun asked him to demonstrate his knowledge of physiology and nutrition and Imam replied: I have of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
On 24 October 1918, the order was given to sail from Wilhelmshaven. Starting on the night of 29	29	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
Men are supposed to progress, but they aren't supposed to focus on what they can gain in the	the	DET	future	NOUN	 future
Darling announced that he was taking steps to freeze the assets of Landsbanki in the UK. The Landsbanki Freezing	Freezing	PROPN	Order	PROPN	 Order
Mecklenburg and her sisters were then based in Kiel. From 8 to 12 May, she participated in a	a	DET	sweep	NOUN	 sweep
Following the attempt on Paul's life, Diana's earring is found at the scene and the police manage	manage	VERB	to	PART	 to
A parent's internal working model that is operative in the attachment relationship with her infant can be accessed by	by	ADP	examining	VERB	 examining
He then returned to Bolton Wanderers as manager, leading the club to promotion out of the First Division via	via	ADP	the	DET	 the
The main event featured CM Punk defeating John Cena to become the new WWE Champion. Money in the Bank	Bank	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" Comeback Girl (IRE # 19) You Know It (IRE # 22) Shame (IRE #	#	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
Janine attempts to blackmail Ian, and when he rebuffs her, she tells the police about the recording and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In June, Hasty participated in the Syria Lebanon Campaign and was escorting convoys and the larger ships of the	the	DET	Mediterranean	PROPN	 Mediterranean
In 2006, if you invite the zeitgeist in for tea, that's what you're going to get	get	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
An associated EP titled Trouble – Norwegian Live EP was released in the summer of 2001, consisted of five	five	NUM	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Bolander is deeply disturbed by Dietz's cold casualness in discussing the murder. Later, Bolander talks to a	a	DET	bartender	NOUN	 bartender
In March 2006, the FCC ruled that Father of the Pride was not indecent. Following were complaints about	about	ADP	an	DET	 an
He found that only nine atomic bombs had been built in 1946; only four would be in 1947,	,	PUNCT	primarily	ADV	 primarily
In contrast, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of I Can't Believe It's a Bigger	Bigger	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The co pilot on Holland's aircraft testified that he grabbed the controls to prevent Holland from flying the aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
" Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle lauded the film for containing a sense of urgency " that keeps	keeps	VERB	the	DET	 the
They had gone 919 minutes without conceding since conceding against AFC Ajax in the group stages. Arsenal were featuring	featuring	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She later left to confront the Shapeshifter's master. The Xel ' Naga (whose name, according to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four years later, Kapoor returned to the stage with six other Bollywood celebrities in the successful Rockstars Concert world	world	NOUN	tour	VERB	 tour
A case of kyphosis has been observed in a North Carolina marsh rice rat. The population density of the	the	DET	marsh	PROPN	 marsh
After Budington and the remainder of the crew were rescued and returned to the United States, the board of	of	ADP	inquiry	NOUN	 inquiry
Sea King HAS.6 (CR) Five surplus HAS.6 ASW helicopters converted into the utility role for the Royal Navy	Navy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Topical anesthetic treatments such as prilocaine, lidocaine, benzocaine, or tetracaine can also relieve itching and pain.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
In 1981, four women of Hispanic descent became the first women of their heritage from the U.S. Naval Academy	Academy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Every tropical cyclone in the season was of hurricane status, or with winds at or exceeding 74 mph (	(	PUNCT	119	NUM	119
The three combined to break 14 single season school records, including most points scored in a season (404	404	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
By 1923 enough money had been raised. The mortgage was discharged, and Beecham's personal liabilities, amounting	amounting	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Lyrically, the album revolves around Stan's relationship with her love interest and approaches themes such as issuance,	,	PUNCT	retrieval	NOUN	 retrieval
On April 24, 2007, during the park's High School Journalism Day, Busch Gardens Tampa Bay unveiled	unveiled	VERB	the	DET	 the
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, writer of Half of a Yellow Sun, a winner of the Orange Prize for Fiction	Fiction	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Pratchett also posted on the Harry Potter newsgroup about a media covered exchange of views with her. Pratchett is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Soon after, her modelling offers increased tenfold. Glover began getting paid modelling work in 2002. She became	became	VERB	known	VERB	 known
Russian military historian Grigoriy Krivosheyev, who based his figures on the Soviet archives, is considered by historian David	David	PROPN	Glantz	PROPN	 Glantz
Despite fears expressed by local farmers, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) are in	in	ADP	process	NOUN	 process
Phase one opened to traffic on November 25, 1960, extending up to the Rideau River. On the	the	DET	western	ADJ	 western
It was Eve Myles ' idea to have Gwen compulsively eat gherkins after waking up pregnant; the script had	had	AUX	only	ADV	 only
There, before the two kidnappers, Lucy Squires and Hall, the old gypsy had assaulted Canning and forced	forced	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Lindwall had taken 15 wickets at 22.93 for the series. The 1951 – 52 season saw the arrival of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The acting British and Irish Lions captain Martin Corry said that he did not attempt to sing The Power of	of	ADP	Four	PROPN	 Four
It was directed by Leythum and written by Eric Pearson, with music by Paul Oakenfold. The short stars	stars	NOUN	Clark	PROPN	 Clark
From " a place which was made for this precise purpose ", two government eavesdroppers were therefore able to	to	PART	record	VERB	 record
The ships of the Folgore class were 56.7 meters (186 ft) long overall and had a beam of	of	ADP	6.31	NUM	 6.31
One torpedo tube was also removed during this refit. When the Italo Turkish War of 1911 – 12 began	began	VERB	on	ADP	 on
At the start of lap two a five car crash was triggered by Sadler making contact with Johnson in the	the	DET	tri	PROPN	 tri
In an upstairs bar at the club was a mural commissioned by Hardee as a parody of Leonardo da Vinci	Vinci	PROPN	's	PART	's
The 2007 Formula One season was dominated by Ferrari's accusations that the McLaren team had made illegal use of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
He would spend hours reading books about boxing and golf to improve his balance and spring, and would focus	focus	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The main part of the house was recessed and, together with the wings, a large forecourt was created	created	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
One physician maintained that Jamal's scars were not from bullet wounds, but dated back to an injury he	he	PRON	sustained	VERB	 sustained
The political effects resulting from Onneca's marriages continued to be felt long after her death, which occurred at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
72nd Brigade Support Battalion inactivated in November 2014, in conjunction with inactivation of 212th Fires Brigade (United States	States	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The Spanish and their allies arrived at the lakeshore after a day's hard march, without encountering any opposition	opposition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A team of 41 scientists reviewed 20 years of scientific literature and in so doing also ruled out other theories	theories	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Near the end of al Mu'tasim's life there were a series of uprisings in the Syrian provinces, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Beginning on the evening of July 6, the French began to lay out entrenchments on the rise northwest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Zolciak was forced to move out of her mansion, which she and Biermann had attempted to purchase less than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although mechanisation of the British cavalry was well advanced by 1939, there was still a 1st Cavalry Division that	that	PRON	served	VERB	 served
In 1931, he was persuaded to do voice work for RKO Radio Pictures for a film that would eventually	eventually	ADV	be	AUX	 be
The series was originally aired on BBC One from 15 June 1983 to 20 July 1983, and was a	a	DET	joint	ADJ	 joint
Menage also negotiated a separate deal with Innes (likely behind Remington's back) where he agreed to pay	pay	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The initial 6 July 2006 report found that, " the source of 41,500 transplants for the six year period	period	NOUN	2000	NUM	 2000
The median age of the population is 41.4. The sex ratio of the population is 1.06 males per 1	1	NUM	female	NOUN	 female
Darius had spent three years preparing men and ships for war when a revolt broke out in Egypt. This	This	DET	revolt	NOUN	 revolt
The portion of people without a religion is 32.9%; above the national average of 24.7%. 7.1	7.1	NUM	%	NOUN	%
So when I hit the ground, if you didn't have the tag down, I was by you	you	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The significance of the act was that for the first time and for one important reason only, through the	the	DET	election	NOUN	 election
Despite losing the case, the lawsuit reflected very poorly on Carrouges at the court in Argentan and resulted in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
But I just want you to know, sir, how sorry I am that this is our last night	night	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At this time, he also declared a Security Option 3. At 2045 hrs, another person on duty	duty	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The guns had a total of 1800 shells, at 150 per gun. The 15 cm guns had a	a	DET	range	NOUN	 range
Nansen's first attempts to master dog driving were an embarrassing failure, but he persevered and gradually achieved better	better	ADJ	results	NOUN	 results
The third version, exhibited in Philadelphia, is known to have been destroyed. The location of the fourth	fourth	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
When he tried to use $4,000 of this money to pay off a debt to Barnes, Barnes refused	refused	VERB	it	PRON	 it
" Roger Ebert gave the film two out of four stars. While praising the film's ambition and energy	energy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The beginning of the live ball era led to a spike in hitting productivity throughout the majors, which helped	helped	VERB	Hornsby	PROPN	 Hornsby
Swordfish and Seafire aircraft flew protective patrols over the Home Fleet throughout the morning's operations. While the attack	attack	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Internally, the pseudopodetia are solid when young, becoming hollow with age, and are composed of long,	,	PUNCT	thin	ADJ	 thin
" Kiss Me Goodbye " from Final Fantasy XII was played at the June 18, 2010 Detroit show,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
Since then Madonna has played guitar on every tour, as well as her studio albums. At the 2002	2002	NUM	Orville	PROPN	 Orville
[His pairing with] Cordelia completely fouled just about everyone and made him the whipping boy for fan ire	ire	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The material produced with Angle was hugely rejected by Interscope Records ' officials, and had the members work with	with	ADP	producer	NOUN	 producer
" Prior to Pulos and Hutt's work, researchers were split on the mode of inheritance of white and	and	CCONJ	whether	SCONJ	 whether
The camp is currently undergoing restoration and upgrading processes. Unlike other major cities, Kuala Terengganu does not have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
The storm caused heavy crop damage, estimated at $66 million (2014 USD), including 60%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Jonas Åkerlund. It premiered on February 17, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In early 1944, the Delegation employed some 15,000 people in its administration; those were primarily older people,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Hamilton was given a drive through penalty for his actions. Meanwhile, Rosberg easily took second place from the	the	DET	troubled	ADJ	 troubled
It was originally a mule drag used to haul timber to the creek. There is a 70 foot tall	tall	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
Parliament then passed the so called " Coercive Acts ", a package of measures designed to punish Massachusetts for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The collapse of Hubbard's marriage to Sara created yet more problems. He had begun an affair with his	his	PRON	20	NUM	 20
Skiers with below the knee amputations get on and off the ski lift using the same technique as able bodied	bodied	ADJ	skiers	NOUN	 skiers
The population of the city expanded slowly after the Louisiana Purchase, but expansion increased desire to incorporate St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
" In a 24 August 2012 newsletter to fans about the upcoming release of " Trouble, " it was	was	AUX	announced	VERB	 announced
After passing Ditton parish it turns north and cuts through the North Downs at Rochester, joining the estuary of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Because of this, up and down quarks are generally stable and the most common in the universe, whereas	whereas	SCONJ	strange	ADJ	 strange
, as well as a small maple cup, out of which previous to the termination of the ceremony they	they	PRON	drink	VERB	 drink
I don't know how you get along so fast with the traffic on the roads these days. "	"	PUNCT	Fleming	NOUN	 Fleming
Second, Amenhotep I appears to have nearly finished preparations for a sed festival, or even begun celebrating it	it	PRON	;	PUNCT	;
Five of the six brigades in the 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions consisted of one British yeomanry regiment and two	two	NUM	British	ADJ	 British
While Desmond is training, Penny tracks him down and angrily questions him. (There is a moment in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Critics have interpreted the lyric ' hard rain ' as a reference to nuclear fallout, but Dylan resisted the	the	DET	specificity	NOUN	 specificity
Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild found that, in two career couples, men and women, on average, spend	spend	VERB	about	ADP	 about
The search was not called off until a tip led them to Nelson's body, which was lying in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
This movie was also among the first to be sold at the iTunes music store. The Curse of the	the	DET	Black	PROPN	 Black
IGN's Peer Schneider assured readers F Zero was one of the few 16 bit era video games to "	"	PUNCT	perfectly	ADV	 perfectly
Despite weakening, the wind field of Tanya became larger. That evening, Tanya was declared fully extratropical as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
With the result, Garfield instantly achieved a reputation as a preeminent appellate lawyer. During Grant's first term	term	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This sortie was the initiation of a strategy adopted by Admiral Friedrich von Ingenohl, the commander of the High	High	PROPN	Seas	PROPN	 Seas
George Malcolm Thompson, writing in The Evening Standard, believed Live and Let Die to be " tense;	;	PUNCT	ice	NOUN	 ice
The Giro's twelfth stage began with a large climb which led to many attacks. Despite the flurry of	of	ADP	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
Beyond Avondale, the CL & N descended through Idlewild, where two Norfolk and Western Railway lines diverged —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
She based her vampires on Gloria Holden's character in Dracula's Daughter: " It established to me what	what	PRON	vampires	VERB	 vampires
The increases were attacked by the Canadian Taxpayers Federation and the opposition parties, but Stelmach defended the raises as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Elephants, lions, buffalo, hippopotamuses, rhinoceroses, giraffes, antelopes, leopards, cheetahs, hyenas,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Elephants are ubiquitous in Western popular culture as emblems of the exotic, especially since – as with the giraffe	giraffe	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Calgary Herald writer Bruce Weir said the episode " is Homicide at its finest: brilliantly written, intensely	intensely	ADV	acted	VERB	 acted
In August 2005, the album was certified platinum in the UK, and had sold nearly 500,000 copies worldwide	worldwide	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Nothing he does on these occasions sounds strained or arid; his tanned, leathery face is still an enthusiast	enthusiast	NOUN	's	PART	's
There is no Austria... there was once a living corpse which called itself Austria... that this Austria collapsed	collapsed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Route 4 was originally legislated in the 1927 New Jersey state highway renumbering to run from Cape May north to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The scene in which Maggie hits Homer over the head with a mallet is an extensive parody of the shower	shower	NOUN	scene	NOUN	 scene
It became extratropical on August 30. On August 26, a tropical depression formed in the western Gulf of	of	ADP	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
As well as supplying air to the engine, the intake also supplied air through the ramp bleed to the	the	DET	propelling	NOUN	 propelling
After Mexican independence from Spain, it was within Coahuila y Tejas from 1824 to 1835. Although Alonso Álvarez	Álvarez	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Today there are over 300 Benchers in Gray's Inn, mostly senior barristers and members of the judiciary.	.	PUNCT	Gray	PROPN	 Gray
An undrafted player, Otto signed with the Flames as a free agent in 1984 and played 11 seasons with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Overall Fahey made 26 league appearances scoring two goals throughout the season. On 11 November 2014, Fahey switched	switched	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On 31 August, Berger was appointed Military Commander in Slovakia, and held sway for the next three weeks	weeks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This caused Totalproject to leave the project. In 2004, Biong Arkitekter was contracted to design the stadium,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
According to GameSpy's guide to Deception, Mileena " has some solid offensive tools " and " a few	few	ADJ	solid	ADJ	 solid
He was also president of Southern University from 1910 to 1914, and later became a professor and an influential	influential	ADJ	biblical	ADJ	 biblical
MacArthur established a close relationship with the Prime Minister of Australia, John Curtin, although many Australians resented MacArthur	MacArthur	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
By June 1999, Redemption was still running in Glide, which at that point lacked some of the basic	basic	ADJ	features	NOUN	 features
Losses on the crowded decks had been far more severe than on Leander, with casualties estimated at 100 killed	killed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The westward migration of the Huns forced many groups of people of Western Siberia to depart for Europe between about	about	ADV	350	NUM	 350
During the spring of 1864, he would direct the actions of the Army of the Potomac in northern Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was heeled 8° to starboard with four cofferdams in place between 9 February and 28 March to repair	repair	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Clark was known as a reformer, having been elected city controller two years earlier in 1949 on a platform	platform	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The species produces brown mushrooms with caps of varying shapes up to 40 millimetres (1.6 in) across,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Upon entering the Caribbean Sea, shower and thunderstorm activity redeveloped around the low. Continued development followed and the	the	DET	low	ADJ	 low
She took the part of the Soviet book editor Katya Orlova in the 1990 film adaptation of John le Carré	Carré	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Grand Mufti is the most senior member of the judicial establishment as well as being the highest religious authority	authority	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It is theorized that early volcanic activity released sulfur into the atmosphere and the high temperatures prevented it from being	being	AUX	trapped	VERB	 trapped
Opened in 1904, and known as the Grand Pier, it was designed to be 1.5 miles (2.4	2.4	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
He has a tattoo on his biceps which is the Lantern's logo and his original WWE character, The	The	DET	Hurricane	PROPN	 Hurricane
The hostilities in North America were further encouraged by existing frictions along the frontier areas separating the colonies of these	these	DET	powers	NOUN	 powers
By this time, US 13 was routed on a one way pair in the downtown area, using Walnut	Walnut	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
Poor ratings on its night of broadcast in March 1997 stalled a commission; Harries told writer and creator Mike	Mike	PROPN	Bullen	PROPN	 Bullen
Clinical research has indicated individuals often experience a diminished quality of life. Children with psoriasis may encounter bullying.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
[...] Lauryn to me is the goddess. I'd love to meet her. I'm pretty	pretty	ADV	sure	ADJ	 sure
Upon seeing her audition, Kapur insisted that she become an actress. She was originally scheduled to make her	her	PRON	screen	NOUN	 screen
As ruler of Thessalonica, Theodore quickly declared himself emperor, challenging the Nicaean emperor John III Vatatzes's claims	claims	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The majority of the glycans are therefore stalled as immature ' high mannose ' glycans not normally present on secreted	secreted	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
Orthographies for the languages of Mexico are currently being developed by the Instituto Nacional de Lenguas Indígenas (INALI)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In spiking the guns at the Red House battery, the Americans had accomplished the more important of their two	two	NUM	objectives	NOUN	 objectives
The Swedish students disputed that the dog had been adequately anaesthetized. They said the dog had appeared conscious during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Welles insisted that if Monitor didn't prove to be a " complete success ", the builders would have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
Themistocles urged the citizens to build the fortifications as quickly as possible, then went to Sparta as an ambassador	ambassador	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Indicative of people's greed there were soon men charging the people to view and take pictures of the artwork	artwork	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
U 64 was fitted with six 53.3 cm (21 in) torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow	bow	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
John A. Logan of Illinois hoped to attract Stalwart votes if Arthur's campaign was unsuccessful. Blaine was unsure	unsure	ADJ	he	PRON	 he
On 18 July, a company from the 1st Battalion of Yiftach Brigade received the order to capture Qirbet Quriqur	Quriqur	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Prince Bei, who was still an honored guest at the Tang court at the time, wrote to his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
The Kőszegis and Matthew Csák, however, were shortly reconciled with Andrew, preventing Charles ' success. Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	's	PART	's
As the tensions of the Cold War eased, more Arabians were imported to America from Poland and Egypt,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Many felt Kariya's equipment changes following his first concussion may have saved him from being rendered unconscious from the	the	DET	Stevens	PROPN	 Stevens
Newcastle manager Joe Kinnear had already stated that the club was " not interested at all in selling him "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He wrote that " sure, in this episode she evicts Finn and Jake from their home... but hey	hey	INTJ	,	PUNCT	,
The first named storm of the 1962 Atlantic hurricane season, Alma formed from a tropical wave located offshore South	South	PROPN	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Ranching increased significantly from 1900 to 1920, but a series of agricultural related economic downturns in the early 1920s	1920s	NUM	left	VERB	 left
His hitless streak ended when he allowed a home run to Delino DeShields in the ninth inning. Gabe Molina	Molina	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 18 January, the Americans attacked into the weaker west side of the Gifu, making some headway and	and	CCONJ	destroying	VERB	 destroying
Cheney has publicly supported gay marriage since leaving the vice presidency. In former president George H. W. Bush's	's	PART	book	NOUN	 book
Store owners in the affected areas were reportedly allowed to open their shops, but were not allowed to conduct	conduct	VERB	business	NOUN	 business
Those genetic factors include deficiencies with antithrombin, protein C, and protein S, the mutation of Factor V	V	PROPN	Leiden	PROPN	 Leiden
A few, including the Baron of Seisneck, who had commanded the German infantry contingents, managed to escape	escape	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Upon completing a wave, a subsequent, more challenging wave begins. Players navigate the knight to collide with	with	ADP	enemies	NOUN	 enemies
An additional 3,000 acres (1,200 ha) was subsequently acquired. About 1,000 families were affected by the condemnation	condemnation	NOUN	order	NOUN	 order
" Soon afterwards, the band began an ill fated film project, Magical Mystery Tour. Starr's growing	growing	VERB	interest	NOUN	 interest
According to Limón police chief Erick Calderón, 21 people were arrested in 2012 on charges related to turtle poaching	poaching	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Near Plas Cwmllan is the large boulder known as Gladstone Rock, which bears a plaque commemorating a speech given	given	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Villeneuve's helmet carried a stylised ' V ' in red on either side — an effect he devised with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It is currently accepted that the Jiloca raises at the Ojos (Eyes) of Monreal, 2 kilometres (	(	PUNCT	1.2	NUM	1.2
Red Bull Racing used the first practice session to test the " aeroscreen ", a form of cockpit protection	protection	NOUN	developed	VERB	 developed
So far, it ’ s working. " Amy Sciaretto of Pop Crush gave the track a mixed review	review	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Likewise, the album's more upbeat moments reflect the trend in secular adult alternative toward earnest vocals over whitewashed	whitewashed	VERB	rock	NOUN	 rock
Their production has expanded the periodic table significantly, the first of these being neptunium, synthesized in 1939.	.	PUNCT	Because	SCONJ	 Because
Goaltender Jacques Plante had been wearing a mask during practices for some time, but did not wear it during	during	ADP	games	NOUN	 games
Eventually, however, the writers saw that the most " personal " episodes were those based on the government	government	NOUN	conspiracy	NOUN	 conspiracy
The crew compartment has shielding between the cockpits, such that at least one crew member can survive hits.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
When I came to the plate, he said, ' Kid, we're going to throw you a	a	DET	fastball	NOUN	 fastball
However, after City's 5 – 1 defeat by Manchester United on 10 February 1906, United player Bob	Bob	PROPN	Bonthron	PROPN	 Bonthron
The book is no ordinary volume; it is a linking book, which serves as a portal to the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Major intersections The entire highway is in Muskegon County. Business US Highway 31 (Bus. US 31)	)	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Over 90 percent of Finnhorses today are chestnut. Flaxen manes and tails as well as white markings on the	the	DET	face	NOUN	 face
Stanton's controversial publishing of The Woman's Bible in 1895 had alienated more religiously traditional suffragists, and had	had	AUX	cemented	VERB	 cemented
On 12 December 1941, five days after Pearl Harbor and the day after Germany declared it was at war	war	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In 1985, Central Park memorialized a portion of the park with a mosaic that reads " Imagine " in	in	ADP	honor	NOUN	 honor
He missed several weeks late in the 1939 season due to an arm injury, but managed to start Game	Game	PROPN	One	NUM	 One
Printed advertisements for the product announced, " Now all dogs can come home to the dinner Lassie comes home	home	ADV	to	ADP	 to
In November 2012, CEO Elon Musk announced SpaceX's plans to build a second, much larger, reusable	reusable	ADJ	rocket	NOUN	 rocket
The song includes backing from the Remo Four, and Big Jim Sullivan on bass. " Glass Box "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
This pattern of seasonal versus daily torpor may relate to the seasonality of the region, since Kirindy is the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Following the reissue, the original album re entered the UK Singles Chart at number 12 in the week of	of	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
In 1978 the Northern Territory achieved self government. The ACT was the only other mainland territory, with a	a	DET	population	NOUN	 population
The naphtha cut, as that fraction is called, contains many different hydrocarbon compounds. Therefore, it has	has	VERB	an	DET	 an
This is relatively low weight and should be bearable in a ship this size. The problem is in the	the	DET	hull	NOUN	 hull
Play magazine praised the unique gameplay, saying that " it's this combination of unique elements that creates an	an	DET	action	NOUN	 action
Kompowsky mentions several things which made Jackson famous, including Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, Forever, "	"	PUNCT	Beat	VERB	 Beat
Another earthquake hit Sidon around 570 AD; Antoninus of Piacenza, an Italian Christian pilgrim, described the city	city	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
After the original synthesis in 2010, scientists declared naming was a sensitive question, and it was avoided as	as	ADV	far	ADV	 far
In 1962, one local activist testified at a US Commission on Civil Rights hearing that of 31,000 homes that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
) on 5 October, to begin a football coaching course. After leaving Boston, he stated that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Biotechnology research and genetic improvement have led to the development of strains that are more resistant to disease, bacteria	bacteria	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The first scientific descriptions of the tree of heaven were made shortly after it was introduced to Europe by the	the	DET	French	PROPN	 French
Other Monteux students included John Canarina, whose 2003 biography was the first full length study of the conductor in	in	ADP	English	PROPN	 English
Selwood has declared the technique as a " benefit and an advantage I ’ m getting at the moment on	on	ADP	someone	PRON	 someone
He was raised in Oklahoma by his mother, a registered nurse, and grandmother. When he was 13	13	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Nadia Sam Dalir for The Sun wrote that the singer had " dumped her demure image " in favour of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Thorn's nature was to be a conciliatory leader, and he made a direct appeal to the Chamber of	of	ADP	Deputies	NOUN	 Deputies
The 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy for	for	ADP	Jason	PROPN	 Jason
Disputes over smuggling and the sea frontier between Gibraltar and Spain had repeatedly caused diplomatic tensions during the 19th century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1432, a pro Polish party in Lithuania elected Vytautas's brother Žygimantas as grand duke, leading to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
Presumably as a consequence of the Roman advance, various hill forts such as Dun Mor in Perthshire, which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Although Wilson's Labour Party did not have a majority, they were the largest party. The second followed	followed	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the succeeding week, it moved to number one, where it only stayed for a week. Breakout	Breakout	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
On 1 March 1847 the Kilmarnock and Troon line reopened, as a standard gauge locomotive operated railway. It	It	PRON	had	AUX	 had
In the former, 4,000 dwellings sustained damage, and all of the banana crop there was lost. In	In	ADP	all	PRON	 all
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Recording in 1986. In January 1985 Yankovic entered	entered	VERB	the	DET	 the
The centre was commanded by the general Heraclius the Elder, later Exarch of Africa and father of Emperor Heraclius	Heraclius	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
' Non stop ' working was introduced on the District in December 1907. Usually just a few stations were	were	AUX	missed	VERB	 missed
[A] Ginza Nikon Salon (Ginza, Tokyo); Osaka; Kyoto; etc., 1988	1988	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Similarly, cats are able to understand object permanence but not to the same extent that dogs can. Cats	Cats	NOUN	fail	VERB	 fail
As a result, firms can not pass on any part of the tax by raising prices, so they	they	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The engines were to be provided with snorkels, also like those used by German submarines. The snorkels were	were	AUX	designed	VERB	 designed
She was originally dubious about taking on the role but later stated that she was proud that she joined the	the	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
No response was made by the Prime Minister's office before the proposal was revised to use all of the	the	DET	allocated	VERB	 allocated
This dilemma, he proposes, is directly related to the conflict between will and knowledge indicated by the shopkeeper	shopkeeper	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Surrounding the fasces is a full foliaged branch of olive, symbolical of peace. After Weinman's success in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following year he participated in the Warsaw Uprising, an anti German rebellion which resulted in the deaths of	of	ADP	18,000	NUM	 18,000
After docking at Kantara, the battalion moved by rail over 225 miles (362 km) to Ikingi Maryut	Maryut	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Philadelphia Mint produced 25,000 Lewis and Clark Exposition dollars in September 1904, plus 28 more, reserved for	for	ADP	inspection	NOUN	 inspection
To aid the FFA's goals of building the profile of the sport, the Mariners created formal links with	with	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
In a 2010 Famitsu readers ' poll, Raiden was voted the 42nd most popular video game character. In	In	ADP	2013	NUM	 2013
Vargas Llosa acquired Spanish citizenship in 1993, though he still holds Peruvian nationality. The writer often reiterates his	his	PRON	love	NOUN	 love
Some of these have specific adaptations such as enlarged teeth for biting or spines on the chest, arms or	or	CCONJ	thumbs	NOUN	 thumbs
The reserve race, contested between Oxford's Isis boat and Cambridge's Goldie boat, has been held since	since	SCONJ	1965	NUM	 1965
One of the burhs was Worcester, where Æthelred worked with its bishop and used the standing Roman walls in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some intraspecific brood parasitism occurs, and instances of unusually large numbers of eggs in a nest may be the	the	DET	result	NOUN	 result
The Plains tribes were often cheated out of land or pressured to sell at unfavorable rates. Some disaffected subgroups	subgroups	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
A pioneering flyer and aviation scholar, he piloted the first trans Australia flight from Melbourne to Darwin in 1919	1919	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 1953, Al Rosen narrowly missed being recognized for achieving a rare " triple crown " in hitting after	after	ADP	a	DET	 a
On November 14, Burke made a buzzer beater to give Utah a 102 – 100 victory over the New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Other misconceptions are that any act of anal intercourse between two uninfected gay men can lead to HIV infection,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
When the canals were constructed, natural water flow was restricted from the mangrove forests near the coast of Florida	Florida	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
The restoration was supervised by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT), which owns and maintains the bridge	bridge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The new " green printing " litho stone not only included green printing for unnamed spaces but also for corner	corner	NOUN	decorations	NOUN	 decorations
Montu has generally been well received. Tom Buckingham of the Sarasota Herald Tribune commended the ride, giving kudos	kudos	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
After having occupied their respective territories, the three partitioning powers demanded that King Poniatowski and the Sejm approve their	their	PRON	action	NOUN	 action
In 1973, the denial of a match winning goal in their last 1974 World Cup qualifier cost Belgium their	their	PRON	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
Additionally, the circle marks the area a goalkeeper may play the ball with any part of his body and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The University of Houston Law Center was ranked 58th among the nation's " Best Law Schools " in U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
Boulding started the first game of his second season with Bradford City, which ended with City losing 5 –	–	PUNCT	0	NUM	 0
The black tailed jackrabbit has been successfully introduced in southern Florida and along the coastline in Maryland, New Jersey	Jersey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1975, he moved to Epic Records and in 1979 released Off the Wall, to critical and commercial	commercial	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
He was held in the Cook County Juvenile Detention Center until a judge sentenced him to home confinement at his	his	PRON	grandmother	NOUN	 grandmother
For the 40th anniversary of All Things Must Pass, EMI reissued the album in its original configuration, in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
After a brief battle, the main body of the Texian and Tejano troops were defeated. Grant and two	two	NUM	others	NOUN	 others
, " and concluded that " Shakira has created some of the most weirdly wonderful pop of the past year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The time is 1973, 1978, and 1983, and the scene is a Chicago basement apartment where the	the	DET	characters	NOUN	 characters
It was the ultimate form of healing the hurts from the past. " In 2015 the Guild became the	the	DET	parent	NOUN	 parent
On the Who's early US package tour at the RKO Theatre in New York in March and April 1967	1967	NUM	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
The last straw came with the death of a young woman, Mary Gillies, who fell ill with appendicitis	appendicitis	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The story has had more than one ending and is a challenge to summarize. The children's hospital Ed	Ed	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Decreasing the density of the fish stock increases survival by reducing injury to fish and lowering the general stress level	level	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Gittings was an avid music lover, most interested in Baroque and Renaissance music. She sang in choral groups	groups	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Over the next 15 months, it fought in the North African and Tunisian Campaigns in both fighter and fighter	fighter	NOUN	bomber	NOUN	 bomber
This results in a decrease in pressure support, which causes the core to contract until the increased density and	and	CCONJ	temperature	NOUN	 temperature
However, NSB abandoned the plans and instead signed an agreement on 4 October 1940 for delivery of three electric	electric	ADJ	locomotives	NOUN	 locomotives
For his second appearance, on February 4, Presley was again aware that he could not perform " Heartbreak	Heartbreak	PROPN	Hotel	PROPN	 Hotel
Both General Mills and Pillsbury sought to diversify beyond flour milling by sponsoring baking contests and publishing recipes. They	They	PRON	also	ADV	 also
It is also the final Bond film for actors Robert Brown (as M) and Caroline Bliss (as	as	ADP	Moneypenny	PROPN	 Moneypenny
Abbott's friends, once he started teaching it to them, began to call the game " Abbott's	's	PART	Ultima	PROPN	 Ultima
Psychosocial interventions include education (addressing among other things the correct use of analgesic medications and effective communication with clinicians	clinicians	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Written by John Enbom and directed by Michael Fields, the episode premiered on UPN on March 29, 2006	2006	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" In addition, his castmates noted that their characters would grieve. However, some sources, such as	as	ADP	National	PROPN	 National
" Lane Billings of Paste noted the song as whispy in nature, and made a case for Ocean as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
These oriel windows are supported on ornate corbels. Above these at first floor level, and also above the	the	DET	entrance	NOUN	 entrance
Born in Ontario, he migrated west as a young adult where he started a successful lumber company and later	later	ADV	became	VERB	 became
The final selection will be in mid 2015 where 24 to 30 fighters are expected. The Swedish government announced	announced	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Kioe Gie asks him to reconsider, or at least not take any customers, but Kioe Lie is set	set	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Andrić's well connected friends also intervened on his behalf and appealed to Foreign Minister Momčilo Ninčić, citing Andrić	Andrić	PROPN	's	PART	's
The building of the actual set began in the middle of March 2008. 100 people worked 16 hours a	a	DET	day	NOUN	 day
The project extended over several years, by which time Driberg was no longer in parliament; he had announced	announced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After the season, Fuld was non tendered by the Rays, making him a free agent. He was	was	AUX	among	ADP	 among
Among the factors influencing his decision was his perception of corruption in state politics. After his service in the	the	DET	West	PROPN	 West
When the club reached an agreement with the sisters in 1990, the expansion plans were put into action.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Although Montgomery was reluctant to attack, enlistments for Arnold's men were expiring on January 1, and he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
A newspaper article tried to dispel rumors about Dwan's dismissal, termed " retirement, " having resulted in	in	ADP	much	ADJ	 much
Croatia's territory covers 56,594 km2 (21,851 sq mi), making it the 127th largest country in the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
In addition to the cliff dwellings, Mesa Verde boasts a number of mesa top ruins. Examples open to	to	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
" While giving his opinion on burqa ban Mr Bolkestein said that he " disagrees with the recent introduction of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
It was also the only Xbox 360 game to appear in the list. As of April 2010, the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The Federal Housing Act of 1949 provided funding for clearing blighted areas, and city officials interpreted the definition of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
During the Olympic training camp in Brisbane, the Australian coaches tried to get Evans to cover more mileage at	at	ADP	training	NOUN	 training
A safety after the ensuing kickoff made the final score 8 – 3. The win put Cleveland in the	the	DET	NFL	PROPN	 NFL
Nissan also found that on average owners charge their electric cars for two hours a night, and occasionally some	some	DET	owners	NOUN	 owners
The university wanted the land for expanded graduate facilities. As part of the deal, the university leased Forbes	Forbes	PROPN	back	ADV	 back
The lack of academic attention left Tate with poor study skills and by his sophomore year he had to enroll	enroll	VERB	at	ADP	 at
To record the actual radiation dosages, each crew member wore a Personal Radiation Dosimeter that transmitted data to Earth	Earth	PROPN	as	ADV	 as
The gap between the two populations is around 70 km (43 mi), shrinking to 30 km (	(	PUNCT	19	NUM	19
In the season ending Manx International Rally, Mouton struggled to start her Quattro and then crashed out five stages	stages	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
The dark painted stripes on her after part made her stern appear her bow, and a broad cut of	of	ADP	green	ADJ	 green
The episode received generally positive reviews, with many critics praising the new revelations about the shapeshifters, the parallel	parallel	ADJ	universe	NOUN	 universe
It was simply the matter of a splendid eleven winning over an unseasoned, inexperienced team. Tech played hard	hard	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Bladed weapons had clipped the skull and sheared off layers of bone, without penetrating it. Other holes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Former NASA astronaut Garrett Reisman said, " The pace and story was definitely engaging and I think it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" It is important to recognize that Proudhon distinguished between ideal political possibilities and practical governance. For this reason	reason	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The disparity between the reformist King's Bench and conservative Common Pleas was exacerbated by the fact that the three	three	NUM	Common	PROPN	 Common
Cicero reports that the peripatetic and Stoic view of nature as an agency concerned most basically with producing life "	"	PUNCT	best	ADV	 best
Coachman and Bischoff performed double team attacks on McMahon until Steve Austin interfered by performing a Stone Cold Stunners on	on	ADP	Coachman	PROPN	 Coachman
The bottom line is that this will likely be another smash for an artist whose stock as a credible musical	musical	ADJ	entity	NOUN	 entity
Thrive received mostly positive reviews from music critics. The album's songwriting and musical diversity were generally praised.	.	PUNCT	Joshua	PROPN	 Joshua
Brian Vickers was the race's defending champion. Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — one	one	NUM	on	ADP	 on
In the first edition, gold not only added color and price but homage to royalty. In all three	three	NUM	editions	NOUN	 editions
Grim Fandango mixed static pre rendered background images with 3D characters and objects. Part of this decision was based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The dissipating storm produced light winds and precipitation in Nova Scotia. Overall, Tropical Storm Chris was attributed to	to	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Following the completion of the boycott season in Tolka, the Kilcoynes sold the football club to Dublin businessman John	John	PROPN	McNamara	PROPN	 McNamara
" For example, Barcelona, Spain is 0.2° C (0.4° F) cooler for daily maxima	maxima	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Los Angeles County Supervisor Raymond Darby commenced a Senate run, but changed his mind and instead ran for lieutenant	lieutenant	NOUN	governor	NOUN	 governor
Around the stations, high density commercial and residential centers can be established. Opponents of the project argued that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Worsley captained for just two seasons. He struggled with the demands of fielding, while his batting was disappointing	disappointing	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
" The Drowned World Tour was originally scheduled to begin with two shows in the Kölnarena in Cologne, Germany	Germany	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
A collected volume, Poems and Translations, with a preface by Yeats, was published by the Cuala Press	Press	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Only one original theme was written specifically for Rocky Balboa, which is the theme written to represent the character	character	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Prior to the release of the band's 1993 follow up album In Utero, Novoselic remarked, " If	If	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In Richmond, Virginia, the Turk was observed by Edgar Allan Poe, who was writing for the Southern	Southern	PROPN	Literary	PROPN	 Literary
Astronomer Noah Brosch has speculated that the name of the character Sirius Black from the Harry Potter stories, who	who	PRON	owns	VERB	 owns
Some of Laozi's famous sayings include: " When goodness is lost, it is replaced by morality.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The cap cuticle comprises a distinctive layer of 3 – 8 μm wide hyphae that form a layer usually 110	110	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
A few days later, Rockwell confirmed he would take the role, and that his character would be Justin	Justin	PROPN	Hammer	PROPN	 Hammer
During the Crusader Ayyubid wars, Deir al Balah was the site of a strategic coastal fortress known as "	"	PUNCT	Darum	NOUN	 Darum
The larger group of students attacked Green and Blue Groups from the east around 08: 00, suffering severe	severe	ADJ	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
To get to Europe, Trotter posed as a seaman seeking work in New York, and got a job	job	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
As Zwingli was working on establishing these political alliances, Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, invited Protestants	Protestants	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
It was serviced to mainstream radio in the United States on July 15, 2003. The song became Duff	Duff	PROPN	's	PART	's
Regular showings of the pieces collected by Wilson, Reilly, and Jackson (and those donated by others)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
After the armistice he returned to Birmingham and tried to find work as a cartoonist. He sold two cartoons	cartoons	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Athenians were initially intransigent, going so far as to imprison a man who suggested that a stretch of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
With her public recitation, Angelou became the second poet in history to read a poem at a presidential inauguration	inauguration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Since then, his whereabouts and ultimate fate remain a mystery. Detective Chief Superintendent Roy Ranson initially claimed that	that	SCONJ	Lucan	PROPN	 Lucan
Pajota and 200 guerrillas were to set up a roadblock next to the wooden bridge over the Cabu River.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The female lays three to five eggs, and she incubates them for nearly two weeks. Once the eggs	eggs	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
This honor brought the award full circle for Robertson since he had won the first two awards ever presented.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
The band won a single award, for Best Hard Rock Performance with Vocal for " Bullet with Butterfly Wings	Wings	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
After initial reports of suspicious contributions, prominent Democrats defended Hsu's reputation. Supporters began to distance themselves after	after	ADP	his	PRON	 his
HP.80 Prototype, two aircraft built. Victor B.1 Strategic bomber aircraft, 50 built. Victor B.1A Strategic bomber	bomber	NOUN	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Awindra Pratap Pandey, the man who was attacked, is a software engineer from Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
After his recovery he struggled to force his way back into the side and spent time out on loan to	to	ADP	Nottingham	PROPN	 Nottingham
The Jack Fish Head Band made requests for the north side of Jack Head Point at the Lobstick River.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Subsequently the urgency of Monitor's completion and deployment to Hampton Roads was driven by fears of what the Confederate	Confederate	PROPN	ironclad	NOUN	 ironclad
For most of the 20th century, the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease was reserved for individuals between the ages	ages	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1979, New York Magazine referred to Lucas and McFaul as " Jingle Giants ", two out of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Later, other photos of the filming were published on several websites and they showed Gaga with blue lipstick and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The longest biographical entries, about 450 words, were written for former Chicago Mayors Harold Washington and Richard J.	J.	PROPN	Daley	PROPN	 Daley
The accidents may have precipitated the physical deterioration that was to follow. After the plane crashes, Hemingway,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
It appeared on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks at number 18. The song peaked at number sixteen at Canada	Canada	PROPN	Singles	PROPN	 Singles
When Saint Saëns was brought back to Paris he lived with his mother and her widowed aunt, Charlotte Masson	Masson	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He began working at a young age, supplementing his family's income variously as a cotton picker earning 35	35	NUM	cents	NOUN	 cents
As Death Cab for Cutie, Gibbard released a cassette titled You Can Play These Songs with Chords the same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
There is a statue of Hull born Amy Johnson in Prospect Street. In recent years a number of modern	modern	ADJ	art	NOUN	 art
The small toothed sportive lemur is solitary and eats leaves, fruits, and flowers. Due to recent taxonomic	taxonomic	ADJ	changes	NOUN	 changes
The Bill attracted large amounts of controversy, with critics such as Hugh Marshall asserting that it violated the CARICOM	CARICOM	PROPN	Single	PROPN	 Single
At the ranch, they set everything on fire that had blood in it, and all work was suspended	suspended	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In the season opener against the Atlanta Falcons, Streets totaled 81 yards receiving as part of a 335 yard	yard	NOUN	day	NOUN	 day
In the second, in addition to the goal of pocketing one's secret ball, points are scored in	in	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
Manager Arsène Wenger was named Barclaycard Manager of the Year and midfielder Fredrik Ljungberg received the player equivalent – the	the	DET	Barclaycard	PROPN	 Barclaycard
Some hunters used sticks to poke the nestlings out of the nest, while others shot the bottom of a	a	DET	nest	NOUN	 nest
She scored 24 not out as Australia upset England in the only T20 by 34 runs. She played in	in	ADP	all	PRON	 all
The debut trailer was released in November 2010, followed by a behind the scenes development video the next month	month	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The former British video game publication Super Play, which had three editors review the game, also enjoyed it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Later that evening, the President elect hosted three separate bipartisan dinners to honor the service of John McCain,	,	PUNCT	Colin	PROPN	 Colin
Fire control directors for the anti aircraft guns were also installed. After emerging from this refit, Königsberg was	was	AUX	employed	VERB	 employed
In 2012, Atlanta's first " bike track " was constructed on 10th Street in Midtown. The two	two	NUM	lane	NOUN	 lane
Romney then announced that he would not support Trump in the general election, saying, " I am dismayed	dismayed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
He kept saying I was getting too fancy. He kept saying, ' You're a big back,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
It is also available for Nintendo 3DS, Wii and Wii U as part of Angry Birds Trilogy. A	A	DET	motion	NOUN	 motion
In 1946, Lloyd became a senior executive of the Argus & Australasian newspaper, before unsuccessfully seeking Liberal Party	Party	PROPN	pre	VERB	 pre
The player can execute three speed boosts in a row during a power slide, with the third speed boost	boost	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
Players have the option to create their own weaponry using various scavenged items found in the wasteland. These items	items	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
The commander's capacity for analysis and critical assessment of the situation were possibly limited as a result of the	the	DET	effects	NOUN	 effects
They hired Cosby writer Matt Williams to write a script about factory workers and signed Barr to play Roseanne Conner	Conner	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Some contemporaries speculated that Priestley's outspokenness had hurt Shelburne's political career. Schofield argues that the most likely	likely	ADJ	reason	NOUN	 reason
However, on 17 July 2014 they revealed they would not be making their début at the 2014 Contest.	.	PUNCT	Denmark	PROPN	 Denmark
When Joan lost interest in chess and Regina did not have time to play, it left Fischer to play	play	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
It also denotes the location of Miri town near to the sea and coral reefs and the city status as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Thomas appears to have studied under Simon, John and Honorius at Oxford. One of the cases that Simon	Simon	PROPN	pleaded	VERB	 pleaded
He collated the first written account of the volcano and observed many of its features, establishing the premise for	for	ADP	future	ADJ	 future
For a time period in the 1980s, M 91 was even a discontinuous highway when a section in the	the	DET	middle	NOUN	 middle
Despite these attempts, Longacre remained in his position. Also in 1850, Longacre's wife Elizabeth (generally	generally	ADV	Eliza	PROPN	 Eliza
This made room for the addition of five through platform faces, while the removal of the narrow island platforms	platforms	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The film was produced by B. Nagi Reddy and Aluri Chakrapani under the banner Vijaya Vauhini Studios. It was	was	AUX	co	VERB	 co
The feature shows the outlines of rooms, locations of important rooms, and dots for special items. Shortly	Shortly	ADV	before	ADP	 before
Rescuers also had to bind themselves together to rescue some people stranded in a flooded trailer park. Flooding in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The new stock was considered to be a trial; if it met performance expectations, future orders could be	be	AUX	made	VERB	 made
This became an issue when Hitler decided to mark the 10th anniversary of that event and tasked his private secretary	secretary	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Bowers states that most of the credits are fragmentary for 1910 Thanhouser productions. A surviving film still leaves open	open	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1921 she was scuttled in shallow water off the coast of Pensacola, Florida and then used as a	a	DET	target	NOUN	 target
The freeway travels northwest through Gig Harbor past interchanges with Olympic Drive and Wollochet Drive near Gig Harbor High School	School	PROPN	before	SCONJ	 before
One compact disc copy of the EP was included with every purchase of a 50 ml bottle of Heat.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
30 Rock entered a hiatus due to the 2007 – 2008 Writers Guild of America strike on January 10,	,	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
Sphecius grandis has very similar nesting and feeding habits to other members of its genus, most notably Sphecius speciosus	speciosus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Chris formed from a strong tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on August 15. By	By	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
Numerous vessels in its vicinity reported hurricane force winds; the S.S. Borinquen observed a minimum peripheral pressure of 988	988	NUM	mbar	NOUN	 mbar
Incidentally, Poe did not return the money to Graham and instead offered to make it up to him with	with	ADP	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
Critic Edgar Allan Poe expressed his opinions on the community in an article titled " Brook Farm " in the	the	DET	December	PROPN	 December
High rainfall totals wrecked houses on hillsides, forcing about 150 people to evacuate to shelters. Roadways were washed	washed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Dyce became head of the School of Design in Edinburgh, and was then invited to London, to head	head	VERB	the	DET	 the
The endangered Torrey pine has the bulk of its population in San Diego in a stretch of protected chaparral along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the week dated February 19, 2000, the song reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100	100	NUM	chart	NOUN	 chart
Mussolini's body and that of his mistress, Clara Petacci, had been strung up by their heels.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Observing that the ARU was defenseless, AFL officials viewed the plight of the rival organization as an opportunity to	to	PART	bolster	VERB	 bolster
His alcoholism worsened, and he may have compounded it with a liberal use of opiates and narcotics, which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Nescopeck Creek's watershed contains several major rock formations. These are the Mauch Chunk Formation, the Llewellyn Formation	Formation	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was also shown that it is possible to prove that 1093 is a Wieferich prime without using complex numbers	numbers	NOUN	contrary	ADJ	 contrary
Social issues provoked greater disagreement. Kearney's Western faction gained a victory when the platform was made to include	include	VERB	a	DET	 a
Yet some of his final works reflect his deepening concerns. Writing in July 1890, from Auvers, Van	Van	PROPN	Gogh	PROPN	 Gogh
Olivier later recounted that he thought " she would most certainly do excellent well for a wife... I was	was	AUX	n't	PART	n't
" For the title sequences, Marvel again went with design firm Sarofsky, who had done the credits for	for	ADP	both	DET	 both
Seven minutes later, West Ham extended their lead, when Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina fumbled a shot from Etherington	Etherington	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
Congress approved $82 M to begin the Apache B upgrade. The B program was canceled in 1992.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Frighteners ended up being a box office disappointment, mostly due to competition from Independence Day; in interviews	interviews	NOUN	conducted	VERB	 conducted
It is known there by the common names of Devil's rope cactus or Devil's rope pear. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
English singer Amelia Lily performed the song in her set on the Girls Aloud Ten: The Hits Tour in	in	ADP	2013	NUM	 2013
1288 / 1323 – 1332) was a 14th century Bulgarian military leader of Russian origin who served Bulgarian tsars	tsars	NOUN	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
The Rhodesians in the 1st Cheshires moved with that regiment to Malta the same month. The Rhodesian Signallers were	were	AUX	withdrawn	VERB	 withdrawn
In " Point of No Return, " Castiel helps Sam to keep Dean from becoming Michael's vessel.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
He was the county's top run scorer in 1877, accumulating 285 runs at an average of 25.90,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
From 1999, the company was transformed to a virtual airline, which wet leased aircraft from Golden Air.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As Jim (John Krasinski) notes, everyone showed up, worked for the day with reasonable breaks,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
His official biographer, Anthony Sampson, commented that he was a " master of imagery and performance ",	,	PUNCT	excelling	VERB	 excelling
In spite of this he continued his attack and dropped his bombs at low level on buildings, ammunition dumps	dumps	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She served with Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The ship was laid down in April 1936	1936	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" The review graded The Projected Man with two stars out of four. The anonymous reviewer for the British	British	PROPN	Kinematograph	PROPN	 Kinematograph
A combined theory based on multiple deficits may prove to be more useful. Diagnosis is based on behavior,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Bupropion is metabolized to threo hydrobupropion via cortisone reductase. The metabolic pathway responsible for the creation of erythro hydrobupropion	hydrobupropion	NOUN	remains	VERB	 remains
Imogen's SPGS years were generally happy and successful. In July 1923 she won the junior Alice Lupton piano	piano	NOUN	prize	NOUN	 prize
Similarly Foakes sees the aftermath of one World War and the threat of a second as key elements for the	the	DET	successful	ADJ	 successful
After ten performances at the Metropolitan Opera House the production was taken in May to Washington, D.C., and	and	CCONJ	toured	VERB	 toured
Even though Skanderbeg himself had died in January 1468, the war would drag on until 1478 and later in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
When World War II began, Bruno Heinemann was initially deployed in the Baltic to operate against the Polish Navy	Navy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In November 2011 the company made Galveston home port to its 3,960 passenger mega ships Carnival Magic and Carnival Triumph	Triumph	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Chika Ideal " and " Rociarlos " failed to attain chart success, although the former reached the top	top	ADJ	ten	NUM	 ten
Realizing that humans need a moral code by which to live, he greatly admired Christ's Sermon on the	the	DET	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
They married on 6 July 1893 at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace, London. Throughout their	their	PRON	lives	NOUN	 lives
While not campaigning, he was also instrumental in ensuring that the ongoing political support for the war. In	In	ADP	1580	NUM	 1580
" Dinner Party " received largely positive reviews from critics, with many hailing it as one of the series	series	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Pure fun. " Despite not being released as a single, " Mmm Papi " did manage to peak	peak	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Warhol, a commercial illustrator who became a successful author, publisher, painter, and film director, showed	showed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The budget of David Cronenberg's Crash (1996), $10 million, was not comfortably A grade	grade	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bearing load is 5050 / 5500 tonnes. Average efficiency is over 94%, and reaches 96.5%.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The album sold 16,000 copies the day of its release. Square Enix released selections from the soundtrack on two	two	NUM	gramophone	NOUN	 gramophone
At 332.9 metres (1,092 ft), it is the second tallest structure in Japan. The structure is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
Shortly after winning an increased majority in the 2008 election, Stelmach's cabinet approved substantial raises for themselves,	,	PUNCT	increasing	VERB	 increasing
During a five game span he stopped 154 of 158 shots, a.975 save percentage. With their sixth straight	straight	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
The Walls of Ston are originally a series of defensive stone walls of more than 7 kilometres (4.3 mi	mi	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Although she did not make it to the United States, her pets safely reached the shores of Wiscasset,	,	PUNCT	Maine	PROPN	 Maine
The lower than expected passenger numbers were partly due to competition between the tube and sub surface railway companies,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Mewt comes across a dusty old tome in a local used bookstore and eagerly wishes to show it to his	his	PRON	friends	NOUN	 friends
" Sir Basil Thomson of Scotland Yard commented that " there was some difference of opinion as to whether it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Negative value is incurred on a card if it is used with insufficient funds — both types of cards may	may	AUX	carry	VERB	 carry
Meanwhile, Joel recovers from his wounds and sets out to find Ellie. He reaches Ellie as she kills	kills	VERB	David	PROPN	 David
The party are temporarily stopped when Ouroboros begins consuming worlds to regain strength, but versions of them in other	other	ADJ	worlds	NOUN	 worlds
In addition, the show's second season has generally received positive reviews from television critics. Dana Scully (	(	PUNCT	Gillian	PROPN	Gillian
Hat trusses (or " outrigger truss ") located from the 107th floor to the top of the buildings	buildings	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Among the greatest of the Victorian art architects, he sought in his work to escape from both nineteenth century	century	NOUN	industrialisation	NOUN	 industrialisation
While at Lewis Research Center, Lunney met Marilyn Kurtz, who worked there as a nurse. They have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Built on a 808 retro beat, multi tracked harmonies, and a smooth groove, the song's instrumentation	instrumentation	NOUN	includes	VERB	 includes
Dr A.B. Xuma was a medical doctor who had trained in the United States and the United Kingdom. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Preparation for filming began on April 7, 2010 in Northwest Indiana, specifically around Gary, which portrayed Ukraine	Ukraine	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Lenin declared that the mutineers had been misled by the Socialist Revolutionaries and foreign imperialists, calling for violent reprisals	reprisals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pennsylvanian hit the stern of the ferry and caused damage to the ferry's superstructure and destroyed about 15 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 1873, Prince Edward Island joined the Canadian Confederation. One of the terms of the Island joining the	the	DET	Confederation	PROPN	 Confederation
The 2004 – 5 tour of Zimbabwe caused several players to voice their concerns about the Robert Mugabe regime,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
News reached Aristagoras of the treatment of his friend and he went to Megabates and asked him to reconsider his	his	PRON	decision	NOUN	 decision
Other sympatric crakes are smaller with white markings on the upperparts, different underparts patterns and a shorter bill.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Asperger called the condition " autistic psychopathy " and described it as primarily marked by social isolation. Fifty years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
The Jeremiah O'Brien took part as did the U.S. Navy submarine Pampanito. Phoenix is normally operated with a crew	crew	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His time with the Phillies was marked by inconsistency. He won 22 games in 1916, but also led	led	VERB	the	DET	 the
Wheat prices fluctuated heavily year to year, depending on local harvests; up to a third of the grain	grain	NOUN	produced	VERB	 produced
While some claim that Hồ Chí Minh Thought is used as a veil for the Party leadership since they,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
The herd thrived on Llandudno's Great Orme; by 2001 they reached a population of 250, and were	were	AUX	in	ADP	 in
In 1686, the former governor of New York, Sir Edmund Andros, was appointed as dominion governor.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The performance earned Hawke a Lucille Lortel Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor. From November 2006 to May 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His father abandoned their family in 1810, and his mother died a year later from consumption (pulmonary tuberculosis	tuberculosis	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
For instance, Catostomidae are the primary dietary component of river otters in Colorado's Upper Colorado River Basin.	.	PUNCT	Likewise	ADV	 Likewise
The Bayshore Freeway ends at the intersection of US 101 and Interstate 80, which, although signed as Interstate	Interstate	PROPN	80	NUM	 80
Some crunching of thoughts that tended to overlap and repeat would be welcome in the next two books. "	"	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
An ebony surround was added to the inner frames for protection in the 1840s. There has been extensive repair	repair	NOUN	work	NOUN	 work
In the same year he tried to free Confederate prisoners of war by recruiting former members of Morgan's Raiders	Raiders	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
His private doctor attended to Jackson in Istanbul. According to organisers Jackson's " vocal cords were irritated "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
He had to finance publication himself: sales of works on history had been moribund for some time and his	his	PRON	name	NOUN	 name
In the East, the much hoped for bounties of Lebensraum were never attained as fluctuating front lines and Soviet	Soviet	ADJ	scorched	VERB	 scorched
Any hopes of an heir were dashed when Ferdinando contracted, in 1696, syphilis during the Carnival of Venice	Venice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He continued, saying that his initial reaction was that he thought he would only be required to produce a	a	DET	couple	NOUN	 couple
In the late 1960s, UN geologists also discovered major uranium deposits and other rare mineral reserves in Somalia.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Unlike folk metal bands drawing from other mythologies, bands using Norse mythology as text have no musical historical examples	examples	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The new motorway will help reduce congestion, boost trade, and reduce travel times and transportation costs from Faisalabad	Faisalabad	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The church had no priest or minister, and the traditional Biblical sermon was replaced by scientific lectures or homilies	homilies	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
By noon, Washington's force had moved across the Delaware back into Pennsylvania, taking their prisoners and captured	captured	VERB	supplies	NOUN	 supplies
It is also more decorated, though its ornamentations are already found in earlier manuscripts. Codex Alexandrinus was written	written	VERB	a	DET	 a
In summer 969, Sviatoslav left Rus ' again, dividing his dominion into three parts, each under a	a	DET	nominal	ADJ	 nominal
It became a subtropical storm at 06: 00 UTC on October 10, though it was not named "	"	PUNCT	Fay	PROPN	 Fay
According to J. E. Randall, the largest white shark reliably measured was a 6.0 m (19.7 ft)	)	PUNCT	individual	NOUN	 individual
Peale had been instructed to learn " parting, " a newly developed method for separating gold and silver.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The Pine Creek Gorge is home to over 225 species of wildflowers, plants and trees, 40 species of	of	ADP	mammals	NOUN	 mammals
Construction began in 1807, during a period of extensive redevelopment in the town, driven by the Market House	House	PROPN	Society	PROPN	 Society
Kapa o Pango was to be performed on special occasions and was not intended to replace Ka Mate. Kapa	Kapa	PROPN	o	NOUN	 o
This event had repercussions at the end of the season, when the bowl was passed over by high ranked	ranked	VERB	teams	NOUN	 teams
As Shea remembered, " Seamans gave a copy of Houbolt's letter to Brainerd Holmes [the director of	of	ADP	OMSF	PROPN	 OMSF
It is one of the largest spoil heaps found anywhere in the ancient world, covering an area of 20,000	20,000	NUM	square	ADJ	 square
Several actors featured in 24, such as Xander Berkeley, Glenn Morshower, Wendy Crewson, Timothy Carhart,	,	PUNCT	Jürgen	PROPN	 Jürgen
Patrick Mulkern, writing for the Radio Times, gave the episode a positive review, describing it and its	its	PRON	predecessor	NOUN	 predecessor
This concept presumably locks on to the unique external property of keeping. But, if this is true,	,	PUNCT	then	ADV	 then
Twenty six percent of Auburn High's enrollment is African American, ten percent is of Asian descent whose majority	majority	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" Paul received 26,204 write in votes or 0.02% of the total cast in the election. Throughout his	his	PRON	entire	ADJ	 entire
" A Library of Congress survey of 250 firehouses concluded that Station 23's interior was " unmatched in its	its	PRON	beauty	NOUN	 beauty
Early in the 20th century, Baltimore's most famous musical export was the duo of Eubie Blake and Noble	Noble	PROPN	Sissle	PROPN	 Sissle
At the outbreak of World War I, 76 T was part of the 1st Torpedo Group of the 3rd	3rd	ADJ	Torpedo	PROPN	 Torpedo
Manhattan offers a wide array of public and private housing options. There were 852,575 housing units in 2013 at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
If it is in absolute opposition to Islamic texts, custom is disregarded. However, if it is in	in	ADP	opposition	NOUN	 opposition
Despite his off court troubles, Johnson averaged 18.6 points, 9.6 rebounds, 9.5 assists, and a league	league	NOUN	high	ADJ	 high
The 1874 Whipple truss bridge across the South Branch replaced an 1838 wooden covered bridge that had been chartered by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Giants allowed six sacks in their week seven 17 – 12 loss to the Seattle Seahawks. Seahawks defensive	defensive	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
The third variant, the White Pop edition, contains the remix album Mike E. Clark's Extra Pop Emporium	Emporium	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It also assisted in formulating a conservation and breeding strategy for a strain of Colonial Spanish horses from Santa Cruz	Cruz	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
" Poquita Ropa offered a drastic change in which Arjona minimized the number of instruments. The result was a	a	DET	set	NOUN	 set
He concluded that, " it's difficult to believe that so much was accomplished in such a short amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" According to IGN, " Mortal Kombat II wore its notoriety as a badge of honor, boasting about	about	ADP	it	PRON	 it
During the North Koreans ' September 1 offensive, the US 25th Infantry Division's US 35th Infantry Regiment was	was	AUX	heavily	ADV	 heavily
She described the structure for the comic as a daily drama, while Anderson thought of it as slice of	of	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
The case came close to causing the whole cabinet's fall in parliament, before it was agreed that it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
In May 1798, 9,188 of the 16,388 votes were in favor of calling a convention. Again, almost	almost	ADV	5,000	NUM	 5,000
She is shown gambling with (and winning against) soldiers in another bunker. As the second chorus starts	starts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He returned to the U.S. Marine Band as its head in 1880 and remained as its conductor until 1892.	.	PUNCT	Sousa	PROPN	 Sousa
While Roman emperors almost always married wives who were also Roman citizens, the ruling families of the empire's	's	PART	client	NOUN	 client
The source of this information was Miner Searle Bates, an American resident in Nanking who had used the burial	burial	ADJ	records	NOUN	 records
In this decade, over one million Jewish immigrants, mainly from Arab countries, but also including European Holocaust	Holocaust	PROPN	survivors	NOUN	 survivors
For instance, populations in southern Africa display territorial behaviour only during the few months of the rut, whereas	whereas	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
After the heartbreak, the protagonist asks him " Don't You Remember " all those things he had promised	promised	VERB	her	PRON	 her
If someone calls my bull a yarn bomb, I get really upset. Lots of people have aunts or	or	CCONJ	grandmas	NOUN	 grandmas
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia held that both rights (if they existed)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
" However, while smaller productions were booked throughout the tour's stateside leg, Carey performed at stadiums in	in	ADP	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
In the past, Carre's has offered a range of clubs and societies, including ones for archaeology,	,	PUNCT	aero	PROPN	 aero
Although Bear insists on leaving, the others are concerned about infecting the outside world. When he is asked	asked	VERB	to	PART	 to
In January 2009, Matthew Zeghibe, a 26 year old computer art student from Connecticut, used pitch correction	correction	NOUN	software	NOUN	 software
A drawback of this practice is overdiagnosis of malaria and mismanagement of non malarial fever, which wastes limited resources	resources	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The force of the collision tipped the bus onto its right side and steered it down a steep embankment.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
During this period his parliamentary seat was occupied by Per Mellesmo. Meisdalshagen then returned to Parliament, this time	time	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Playhouse Square includes the State, Palace, Allen, Hanna, and Ohio theaters within what is known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Even though Charles was allowed to spearhead the reforms of the Austrian army, Francis kept the Hofkriegsrat (Aulic	Aulic	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
Over 100 species of birds inhabit or migrate through the area, including native songbirds such as the Canada warbler	warbler	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The film's directorial and producer roles have been both attributed to Allan Dwan, but other sources point to	to	ADP	Wallace	PROPN	 Wallace
The secretions produced by these help keep the skin moist. In addition, most species of amphibian have granular	granular	ADJ	glands	NOUN	 glands
Guest star Kimberly Patton had worked with Morgan and Wong on several occasions prior to this episode, appearing in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
As the chorus begins, the song incorporates a sample from Scottish rock band Nazareth's 1975 track " Hair	Hair	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He said the reputation he developed with those commercials later helped him launch his film career. Also during this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The referendum was later cited as a pretext for the Bosnian War. Bosnian Serbs set up barricades in the	the	DET	capital	NOUN	 capital
Furthermore, the development of pathogenic antibodies may depend on the presence of other strains of bacteria in the bowel	bowel	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the total confusion during the attack on the airfield, a number of ZNDH crews managed to take off	off	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
Preedy was taken with the idea, not least because football was seen in the area as the " poor	poor	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
The UN counterattack at Inchon collapsed the North Korean line and forced them back on all fronts. On September	September	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
Mireille produced heavy rainfall on Okinawa, totaling 258 mm (10.14 in), which allowed water restrictions there	there	ADV	to	PART	 to
These observations, combined with observations of Kepler 10's spectrum taken from the W.M. Keck Observatory, ruled out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both Warner Bros. and the Dahl Estate wanted Frank to stay on the project, but he faced scheduling conflicts	conflicts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The decision was made to disband Layforce. In November 1942, No. 1 and No. 6 Commandos	Commandos	PROPN	formed	VERB	 formed
The battle had shown the potential of the Soviet armies to successfully conduct an offensive. This battle can be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
Emina is voiced by Ali Hillis in English and Rie Tanaka in Japanese. Kazusa Futahito (カヅサ ・ フタヒト	フタヒト	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
A personal letter from President Antanas Smetona to Chairman of Presidium of the Supreme Soviet Mikhail Kalinin repeated assurances that	that	PRON	Lithuania	PROPN	 Lithuania
She was often disgusted when she saw her son; rather than refer to him by name, she would	would	AUX	call	VERB	 call
" Despite this vindication, Bernard resigned as governor in 1771. He was confirmed in the ownership of Mount	Mount	PROPN	Desert	PROPN	 Desert
Due to political and economic factors, the bridge site was moved 3 miles (5 km) upstream (	(	PUNCT	northward	PROPN	northward
On April 9, 2008, the ABC network aired an hour long Diane Sawyer feature on Pausch titled "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Men either went naked or wore cloths covering their lower regions; women wore fine skirts woven from cotton,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
French brig Mouche and part of the cargo and materials from the wreck of the brig Uranie (September)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
This gave rise to concerns about supply in the coming days and weeks. Shazly then discussed the possibility of	of	ADP	constructing	VERB	 constructing
The pediments are decorated with the figure of Narayana riding on the back of a garuda, this figure symbolizes	symbolizes	VERB	kingship	NOUN	 kingship
Hannibal avoided the coastal route, and took his army over the Alps. His march has been described by	by	ADP	ancient	ADJ	 ancient
Farwell LJ wrote that, " In all these cases one has to consider not so much the means to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Independiente's home stadium, La Doble Visera, became one of the most dreaded venues for visiting teams to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
The campaign was nominally headed by Caliph al Muktafi in person, who left Baghdad on 9 August and went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The tension in the ballpark was described by one writer as " a mouse working his way along the grandstand	grandstand	NOUN	floor	NOUN	 floor
Humberside Police received ratings of " good " or " fair " in most categories. HM Prison Hull is	is	AUX	located	VERB	 located
With the RoughRiders, he held opposing batters to a.202 batting average in 46 relief appearances, led the team	team	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
When the game went gold on 7 April 2010, the European release date was moved up a week.	.	PUNCT	Therefore	ADV	 Therefore
He started an organisation called the Gekken Kaisha (撃剣会社, " Fencing Society "), which, inspired	inspired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It was also the first time that a Northern Irish club had won both legs of a European tie in	in	ADP	any	DET	 any
The side of the upper deck were cut away to improve the ability of the barbette guns to bear fore	fore	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" She later explained: " I wrote about Watership Down because I was angry and hurt when I read	read	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Lavaca River as well as Garcitas Creek and Venado Creek supply the bay with freshwater from the north.	.	PUNCT	Channels	NOUN	 Channels
After spending the first decade of her life at the Central Park Zoo, Pattycake moved permanently to the Bronx	Bronx	PROPN	Zoo	PROPN	 Zoo
This company had eight 3 inch mortars, four Vickers machine guns, and ten PIAT anti tank projectors.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The ship was refitted as an escort destroyer from November to April 1943 and transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy	Navy	PROPN	that	DET	 that
He also states that the Head of the Congregation of Monte Mariano Church at Farangipet, near Mangalore, provided	provided	VERB	the	DET	 the
Amphibious fish such as the mudskipper can live and move about on land for up to several days, or	or	CCONJ	live	VERB	 live
Samus escapes the collapsing crater and leaves Tallon IV in her ship. In a post credits scene, only	only	ADV	viewable	ADJ	 viewable
Its set consisted of an open plaza. The Muppet Garibaldo was " the centerpiece " of the Brazil co	co	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
Tumors occurring in the bile ducts within the liver are referred to as intrahepatic, those occurring in the ducts	ducts	NOUN	outside	ADP	 outside
During the arts commission meeting, Tom describes himself as a " small, slender man " similar to actor	actor	NOUN	Taye	PROPN	 Taye
On the eve of World War II, however, American companies began manufacturing inexpensive, mass produced ornaments that	that	PRON	made	VERB	 made
Nonetheless, during the final campaigns of the war he faced vociferous criticism of the Army's performance. He	He	PRON	signed	VERB	 signed
" Restless " was listed at # 10 in The A.V. Club's list of " 21 TV episodes that	that	PRON	do	VERB	 do
Material rigidity of rocky planets and rocky cores of gas planets will cause further deviations from the aforementioned shapes.	.	PUNCT	Thermal	ADJ	 Thermal
The court ruled that Grosset had the rights to publish the original series of both Nancy Drew and the Hardy	Hardy	PROPN	Boys	PROPN	 Boys
Final Fantasy IV is considered a milestone for the genre, introducing a dramatic storyline with a strong emphasis on	on	ADP	character	NOUN	 character
After the match, Owen returned to the ring and had a confrontation with Bret. In the following weeks	weeks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Beginning in late 1880, letters from Pedro II to the Countess of Barral reveal a man grown world weary	weary	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
This site was eventually chosen in 1989, when work on the dam commenced. Construction of the Bekhme Dam	Dam	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Brasenose's proportion of first class degrees fell sharply from its previous peak. By 1850, no matriculation exam	exam	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Justice Simpson's report of the findings of his inquiry was made public by the Minister on 11 June 1946	1946	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The continued to describe " Blank Page " as being " elegant and confessional ". He praised her raw	raw	ADJ	vocal	ADJ	 vocal
Being turned several times while cooking in the oil also contributes to its texture. It may be prepared with	with	ADP	toppings	NOUN	 toppings
He was eventually bowled for 62, knocking a ball from Wright onto his stumps. The opening partnership laid	laid	VERB	the	DET	 the
Before drainage, the Everglades were an interwoven mesh of marshes and prairies covering 4,000 square miles (10,000 km2	km2	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In her subsequent Wilkins Lecture in 1976 she examined the history of British prejudice against science dating back to Victorian	Victorian	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
On one occasion, Lucie left her gloves behind at Lingholm, and Potter transformed the incident into the fictional	fictional	ADJ	Lucie	PROPN	 Lucie
Nevada's construction was authorized by an Act of Congress on 4 March 1911. The contract went to Fore	Fore	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Meyer and Mikan worked out intensively, and Mikan learned how to make hook shots accurately with either hand.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
" Due to the coup's bloodless nature, it was initially labelled the " White Revolution ", although	although	SCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The capital has animal figures like lions, elephants, a sphinx and tigers. Parts of the pillar are	are	AUX	broken	VERB	 broken
Winds are a limiting factor for vegetation. South westerlies are the most common and speeds of 128 km /	/	SYM	h	NOUN	 h
Many Sanskrit terms were borrowed phonetically, but given completely different meanings. One significant concept borrowed from Buddhism was	was	AUX	that	PRON	 that
In Phoebe ’ s hospital room, Ross and Rachel enter with bad news: her doctor fell and hit	hit	VERB	her	PRON	 her
This development will mark the beginning of the " great tribulation ". Satan will subsequently attack Jehovah's Witnesses	Witnesses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lathrop, Coalter G. (2008), " Sovereignty over Pedra Branca / Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rocks	Rocks	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Jeanne caused no deaths. On the late afternoon of November 7, an area of disturbed weather organized to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The surface is white to whitish, smooth, or sometimes with fibrous small scales. The bulb at the	the	DET	base	NOUN	 base
Written some time after the poet was forced to marry the daughter of the Sultan of Langkat instead of his	his	PRON	chosen	VERB	 chosen
The lyrical structure of Wilco's songs was dictated by classic literature and cadavre exquis — an exercise where band	band	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
With many players indisposed and his options limited, Allen requested reinforcements and the MCC sent out Len Hutton in	in	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
Dovewing's Silence is the sixth novella which was released on 4 November 2014. It takes place just after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Further privileges for the church were issued in 699, and may have been composed by Berhtwald before being promulgated	promulgated	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In 1860 Marischal College merged with the neighbouring King's College to form the University of Aberdeen. There was	was	VERB	no	DET	 no
These electoral defeats partly accounted for the party's financial problems. Le Pen announced the sale of the FN	FN	PROPN	headquarters	NOUN	 headquarters
If not for the writers ' strike, this episode would have most likely been filmed in November 2007.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
Lieutenant James Hadden, commanding one of the British gunboats, noted that " little more than one third of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Humans host three species of louse, the head louse, the body louse and the pubic louse. The	The	DET	body	NOUN	 body
The flesh is firm, brittle, white, and will stain dull lilac to purple when cut. The	The	DET	odor	NOUN	 odor
As a former able bodied competitive swimmer, she is annoyed by the idea held by some able bodied swimmers	swimmers	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
He worked in the East Indies until 1848, when he received an official reprimand from the Dutch government for	for	ADP	publicizing	VERB	 publicizing
HIT predisposes to thrombosis, the abnormal formation of blood clots inside a blood vessel, and when thrombosis is	is	AUX	identified	VERB	 identified
She returned to Ulithi on Christmas Eve to be met by Fleet Admiral Chester Nimitz. New Jersey ranged far	far	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
when the show began taping its 26th season, which premiered on September 14, 2009. It was significantly	significantly	ADV	remodeled	VERB	 remodeled
However, modern researchers maintain that the copies could have been produced locally in a clandestine manner. This is	is	AUX	based	VERB	 based
In response, Hausser wrote an open letter to the Bundestag denying these accusations and describing the HIAG as an	an	DET	advocacy	NOUN	 advocacy
Land plants were so successful that they caused an ecological crisis in the Late Devonian, until the evolution and	and	CCONJ	spread	NOUN	 spread
In a battle lasting about 90 minutes, Durfee's men repulsed repeated attempts by Eyre's men to gain	gain	VERB	control	NOUN	 control
" Irresistible " became Simpson's second top twenty single in the US, following " I Wanna Love You	You	PRON	Forever	ADV	 Forever
Indeed, the D classification puts together infants who use a somewhat disrupted secure (B) strategy with those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
The actor explained " He rides that line and that's a lot of fun to play. There are	are	VERB	a	DET	 a
Karl Wiedergott, an actor who usually fills in for unavailable male cast members during table reads for The Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Daoíz was 41 years old when he died, and had over 26 years of continuous service in the Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	Army	PROPN	 Army
Fischer himself rarely agreed to early draws in unclear positions. The expectations on Spassky were enormous because for the	the	DET	Soviets	PROPN	 Soviets
The main entrance to State Game Lands 134 is just north of the bridge site, on the east side	side	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo (1974), the Court unanimously struck down a state law requiring	requiring	VERB	newspapers	NOUN	 newspapers
However, nothing else is written about Emir Musa, prompting Bakhit to suggest that by dint of Musa's	's	PART	title	NOUN	 title
" Intro (Listen To My Drama) " is in a minor key and features a string ensemble and	and	CCONJ	synthesizers	NOUN	 synthesizers
After Richard's release from captivity, John, intending to begin a rebellion, had prepared his castles for	for	ADP	defence	NOUN	 defence
After she arrived in New York City, she started to experience problems finding employment, mostly because she did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
His first major league hit, a double, came on July 1, against the Cincinnati Reds. He	He	PRON	hit	VERB	 hit
The breasts are framed by a swirl of pale cloth, which in parts reflects the light. The 6.7	6.7	NUM	by	ADP	 by
Hotze's force had already crossed the Rhine further east, where it was still a mountain stream, and	and	CCONJ	passed	VERB	 passed
That figure was the second lowest ever for an ACC Championship Game, but 13% more than the previous	previous	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
Other lakes include Llyn Du ' r Arddu below Clogwyn Du ' r Arddu – 1,901 feet (579 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The success of the drainage system led to the formation of other drainage boards and the construction of other pumping	pumping	NOUN	stations	NOUN	 stations
" Michael Paoletta from Billboard was less critical, citing it as a " minor misstep in a stellar career	career	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In 1995, Parque Plaza Sésamo, a 12 acre theme park based on the show, was opened in	in	ADP	Monterrey	PROPN	 Monterrey
As such, the poem is an experiment in the ode structure that he was to then rely on for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
After learning that the Minerans have a chance of being reborn, Kunzite saves the dying Lithia by sealing her	her	PRON	inside	ADP	 inside
Another important presentation in the history of the Arts Club was the Fernand Léger showing of Le Ballet Mecanique.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was the second Record of the Year winner not to make the Hot 100 (following " Walk On	On	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams, the sixth President of the United States. He died on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
... Sid Sheinberg (president of MCA Inc., parent company of Universal Pictures) expects a miracle – and	and	CCONJ	we	PRON	 we
Mastering at The Hit Factory, New York City. Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Emancipation of	of	ADP	Mimi	PROPN	 Mimi
Better known gardens are Batumi Botanical Garden, Saint Petersburg Botanical Garden, (1714); and Moscow Botanical	Botanical	PROPN	Garden	PROPN	 Garden
However, they are harder to write than other episodes because they are " less jokey. " The writers	writers	NOUN	therefore	ADV	 therefore
Their £50 million purchase of Fernando Torres from Liverpool in January 2011 was the record transfer fee paid by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Looking back in the 1950s Wodehouse viewed these as his apprentice years: " I was practically in swaddling clothes	clothes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2001, he was a member of the Palm Harbor team that won the Senior League World Series.	.	PUNCT	Clippard	PROPN	 Clippard
On October 24, 1972, nine days after his appearance at the World Series, Robinson died of a	a	DET	heart	NOUN	 heart
" Lynda Hart, one of the authors of Acting Out: Feminist Performances, felt that the video "	"	PUNCT	alternated	VERB	 alternated
The amount of radioactive exposure received during a one hour visit to the site is about half of the total	total	ADJ	radiation	NOUN	 radiation
One of the early decisions made by the production team was not to refer to Prince of Persia 3D in	in	ADP	any	DET	 any
In a 2008 phylogenomic study of spiral horned antelopes, chromosomal similarities were observed between cattle (Bos taurus)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In January 2010, Mark Pellington replaced Larry Fessenden as director of the project. On August 5, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
When his machine guns jammed, armed only with a pistol and one hand grenade, Sergeant Cole made a	a	DET	one	NUM	 one
In recent decades, the republication of almost all her writing has stimulated a new recognition of its value.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
It claimed the fossil was " a missing link between terrestrial dinosaurs and birds that could actually fly " and	and	CCONJ	informally	ADV	 informally
They had no family in Canada and, after their two children were born, they searched for a spiritual	spiritual	ADJ	home	NOUN	 home
He served as a member of Stanford's board of trustees and as a California superior court judge. His	His	PRON	monetary	ADJ	 monetary
" West retracted much of the rich live instrumentation that had characterized his previous studio album Late Registration. He	He	PRON	had	VERB	 had
The film received mixed reviews from critics, H. Jeanval of The Moving Picture News stated that the costuming and	and	CCONJ	lace	NOUN	 lace
He was willing to sign the Augsburg Confession, but not the Concordat, which affirmed a bodily presence of	of	ADP	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
Glen Morgan felt that " parts of the episode worked. What maybe fell a little flat is that we	we	PRON	were	AUX	 were
At 06: 55, Hessen and Schlesien mistook a mine buoy dropped by Kaiser as a periscope and attacked	attacked	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Its maximum recorded weight is 6.1 kg (13 lb). The range of the estuary stingray spans approximately	approximately	ADV	1,700	NUM	 1,700
Additional pre recorded video content was created by Eno, Williams, Kevin Godley, Carol Dodds, and Philip	Philip	PROPN	Owens	PROPN	 Owens
The Brandlings appointed John Blenkinsop to manage their collieries in Middleton and he was the hall's occupant in 1809	1809	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The music video for " No Sé Tú " was directed by Pedro Torres and filmed in Miami, it	it	PRON	features	VERB	 features
SR 3 travels towards the southern end of the Hood Canal and intersects the eastern termini of SR 106 and	and	CCONJ	SR	NOUN	 SR
" In Koppelman's opinion, Siegel was " the most important philosopher of the 20th century – perhaps of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
Today, undoubtedly best known are the range of military revolvers, which were in service use across two World	World	PROPN	Wars	PROPN	 Wars
The single floored houses dominated the town's landscape, but there are indications of multiple floored habitations with rich	rich	ADJ	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
Other soil series in the watershed include the Chenango Pope Holly series, the Clymer Buchanan Norwich series, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1878, faced with Russian victories against the Ottomans, he worked at the Congress of Berlin to obtain	obtain	VERB	peace	NOUN	 peace
Amadopoulos wants Homer to give a pep talk to his plant's lackluster workers. Homer is hesitant to accept	accept	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The language is predominantly English, with passages in Yiddish and Hebrew that are subtitled. Also subtitled are passages	passages	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The repairs were expected to sustain the sculpture for about 30 – 50 years before any further repairs would be	be	AUX	necessary	ADJ	 necessary
When, as was often the case, there was no ready source of labour in the neighbourhood, the	the	DET	workforce	NOUN	 workforce
The mushroom is commonly known as the " golden milkcap ". Lactarius alnicola is classified in subsection Scrobiculati of	of	ADP	section	NOUN	 section
Many are hooked by sport fishers casting from the shore, who regard the shark as a pest and often	often	ADV	kill	VERB	 kill
A construction boom has occurred in the greater Hudson Yards area as well. The station is described by the	the	DET	MTA	PROPN	 MTA
Today it is a preserved monument open to the public. The castle was built between 1220 and 1223,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
In Canada, the album peaked at number four, remaining on the chart for four weeks. On July	July	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
What I blame you for is this — that you have attempted to lessen the authority of the Bible by	by	ADP	ridicule	NOUN	 ridicule
The following communities lie on the shores of Galveston Bay proper and Trinity Bay, the two main components of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1917 the rains began on 19 November just as the infantry began their advance into the Judean Hills.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On July 27, 2010, the company Ichijinsha released a reprint of the series in two collected volumes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
No sections of M 221 have been listed on the National Highway System, a network of roads important to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was the fourth and final member of the Etna class, which included three sister ships of slightly smaller	smaller	ADJ	dimensions	NOUN	 dimensions
The transit shows that its inclination is about 83.4 ± 1.7, so the real mass is close to the	the	DET	minimum	NOUN	 minimum
Stauskas played for Canada in the 2009 FIBA Americas Under 16 Championship held in Argentina. He helped lead the	the	DET	Canadian	ADJ	 Canadian
The Spanish Civil War and First and Second World Wars in the 20th century caused damage to many castle keeps	keeps	VERB	across	ADP	 across
Most earthquake swarms at Lōʻihi have lasted less than two days; the two exceptions are the 1991 – 92	92	NUM	earthquake	NOUN	 earthquake
Even so, some sections of the black community recognized McDaniel's achievements to be representative of progression: some	some	DET	African	PROPN	 African
While there Kellogg learned to operate a telegraph and went to work for both the Northwestern Telegraph Company and the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
" Sandra Gonzalez called the whole development " simply perfect ". Kevin Fallon of The Atlantic thought the kiss	kiss	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
She only had one operable gun turret by this time and she provided some fire support for the Whites,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The kingdom attains independence from British rule and Pulikecei and Ukraputhan get married to their respective lovers, Soolayini and	and	CCONJ	Vasantha	PROPN	 Vasantha
The first Lord Provost, Robert Whyt, was elected to the post around 1658. The burgh was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In July 2009, Phillies scouts evaluated pitcher Pedro Martínez in two simulated games against the Phillies DSL team,	,	PUNCT	leading	VERB	 leading
Almost all composite bows are also recurve bows as the shape curves away from the archer; this design gives	gives	VERB	higher	ADJ	 higher
Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Palestine, Syria, and the Ganga and Indus river valleys sheltered large numbers	numbers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
(エナミカツミ画集バッカーノ!, Enami Katsumi Gashū Baccano!). The book not only featured illustrations drawn by Enami	Enami	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After crossing the Platte River, the Martin Handcart Company camped near Red Butte as heavy snow fell. Snow	Snow	PROPN	continued	VERB	 continued
In her autobiography, Assata writes about how her Aunt encouraged her to read, visited museums and saw plays	plays	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Modern winter service vehicles will usually also have a satellite navigation system connected to a weather forecast feed, allowing	allowing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Truman ultimately chose Fred M. Vinson for the position. In 1948, Justice Black approved an order solicited by	by	ADP	Abe	PROPN	 Abe
Eurogamer then reported that Codemasters had clarified the agreement between itself and GFI: Codemasters had reserved the option to	to	PART	publish	VERB	 publish
Upon reaching the Gulf of Mexico, Charlie had weakened to a 105 mph (165 km / h)	)	PUNCT	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
Further ornamentation of the walls includes carvings depicting the fourteen Stations of the Cross as well as twelve triforiums holding	holding	VERB	paintings	NOUN	 paintings
It was at this point that the Mean Fiddler Organisation was invited to help, which was seen by some	some	PRON	as	ADP	 as
The reasoning behind the idea was to genuinely surprise fans, and to allow an opportunity to provide a major	major	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
In 450, in an attempt to impose Zoroastrianism on Armenians, Sasanian King Yazdegerd II built a fire temple	temple	NOUN	inside	ADP	 inside
Silverman mentions that he became in an " archetypal figure of the Belle Époque ", a " handsome monsieur	monsieur	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The hurricane peaked with maximum sustained winds of 90 mph (150 km / h) before it struck the	the	DET	central	ADJ	 central
Widely distributed, it is also known locally as Scotch crow, Danish crow, and grey crow (in	in	ADP	Slavic	PROPN	 Slavic
Having resolved the issue of his playing future, Miller was back in a good frame of mind for the	the	DET	Fourth	PROPN	 Fourth
Each of these five string theories arises as a special limiting case of M theory. This theory, like	like	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The majority of ATP in tumor cells is generated via the oxidative phosphorylation pathway (OxPhos). Interference with	with	ADP	OxPhos	PROPN	 OxPhos
In the 13th century the Lower Ward was rebuilt in stone by Reynold Mohun; this was paid for in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
" A riff similar to " Clocks " was also used for the 2009 song " Shining Down " by	by	ADP	Chicagoan	PROPN	 Chicagoan
The game was published by Eidos Interactive and released on June 23, 2000 for Windows 95 and later versions	versions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While the player is able to paws (wordplay in the game) the game to inspect the level and	and	CCONJ	status	NOUN	 status
A CT scan of the cranium more accurately determined her age to be about 40 years old at the time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their first ever appearance at Wembley Stadium saw the Eagles facing Alex Ferguson's Manchester United. Gary O'Reilly opened	opened	VERB	the	DET	 the
Upon completing the final stage, Roche told the media that by winning the final time trial he felt he	he	PRON	silenced	VERB	 silenced
However, Brumbies are also credited for help keeping tracks and trails clear for bush walkers and service vehicles in	in	ADP	some	DET	 some
With Thriller, Christopher Connelly of Rolling Stone commented that Jackson developed his long association with the subliminal theme of	of	ADP	paranoia	NOUN	 paranoia
The first chapter, " The Other Minister ", which features the meeting between the Muggle Prime Minister,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Benetton and McLaren initially refused to hand over their source code for investigation. When they did so, the	the	DET	FIA	PROPN	 FIA
A reporter for the Daily Mail wrote that Rihanna displayed her competitive side during her performance on American Idol,	,	PUNCT	after	SCONJ	 after
Rolf is me and all of my cousins. My parents were right off the boat so I grew up	up	ADP	playing	VERB	 playing
The Commonwealth attempted to dislodge Axis forces in May and again in June, but failed on both occasions.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Unfinished work and efforts to provide for the welfare of liberated and displaced slave populations delayed the end of Nicolls	Nicolls	PROPN	's	PART	's
Grainger's first known composition, " A Birthday Gift to Mother ", is dated 1893. Pabst arranged	arranged	VERB	Grainger	PROPN	 Grainger
The Western Terminus of the historic transcontinental Lincoln Highway, the first road across America, is in San Francisco	Francisco	PROPN	's	PART	's
Young and the other appointees were also authorized, by the county, to sell the old courthouse as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
After Masai Ujiri was brought in as the new General Manager in 2013, he traded Bargnani to the New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
After Smyth made a series of changes in response to this, Groves sent the manuscript to his scientific adviser	adviser	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She did not care for the work and soon left, joining the staff of the Institute for Radium Research	Research	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
To that end, the city reportedly spent $15.8 billion on public apartment complexes for use by recent college	college	NOUN	graduates	NOUN	 graduates
Goldwater accumulated 52 electoral votes to Johnson's 486 and 38.5% of the popular vote (27,178,188) to	to	ADP	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
He was one of six graduates from his course selected for a Short Service Commission in the RAF. Koch	Koch	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
There is no defense for the injured, but they must meekly accept the situation. It is inconsistent with	with	ADP	liberty	NOUN	 liberty
Prince of Wales was now the flagship of Rear Admiral Bernard Currey and the first task of the squadron was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
Reluctant to remove Lacaille's designation, he gave them both the Zeta designation. Altogether there are 62 stars	stars	NOUN	brighter	ADJ	 brighter
Jack parts from the Ninth Doctor with a kiss which Barrowman felt to be " full of fondess and respect	respect	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
She told the court that she had not seen Canning before 1 February, and that " as to Squires	Squires	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was listed among H.W. Wilson Company's 1922 list of 10,000 books they deemed the " most useful "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The final Crimson Tide touchdown came early in the fourth quarter on a 19 yard McCarron touchdown pass to Cooper	Cooper	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
Benaiah is on the same large scale as The Combat at 398 cm (13 ft 1 in) wide	wide	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
London returned to ROH on August 3, losing to Michael Elgin in the first round of a tournament for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Strong winds displaced and destroyed residences and uprooted trees, while torrential rainfall caused rivers to overflow, resulting in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A close quarters battle then ensued, continuing until night fell with the Australians assaulting the Viet Cong positions using	using	VERB	frontal	ADJ	 frontal
In the team's second straight yearly appearance at the Tournio du Val de Marne, Nasri scored his lone	lone	ADJ	goal	NOUN	 goal
On September 29, the system became better organized when it reached a position about 100 mi (160 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In addition, many horses with a solid coat exhibited secondary characteristics such as skin mottling, the white sclera	sclera	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Splitting the price of the newspaper (three pence), with retailers, Harry arranged for three major wholesalers	wholesalers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This demonstrated the changed balance of power at this stage of the war. At the commencement of the war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jordy led the 3rd and 38th Line Infantry Demi Brigades. Tharreau directed the 3rd Light and the 56th,	,	PUNCT	74th	ADJ	 74th
Mostly a vegetarian naivedya (offering of food) is offered to Khandoba in the temples, though most devotees	devotees	NOUN	consider	VERB	 consider
The species is illustrated with two plates. The classification adopted by Cuvier to define the natural structure of the	the	DET	animal	NOUN	 animal
Captain Keyes is captured by the Covenant, and taken aboard the Covenant cruiser Truth and Reconciliation; the Master	Master	PROPN	Chief	PROPN	 Chief
This specimen is the largest and includes the only known complete skull and forelimb. Skeletal elements of OMNH 10147	10147	NUM	are	AUX	 are
The first plenum also endorses the composition of the Secretariat and the leadership of the CCDI. According to the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Another partial interchange with Highland Avenue follows at exit 4 — making the two connections that exit 3 omits —	—	PUNCT	before	SCONJ	 before
" Frequent mention of alchemy indicates the shift from an earlier age to a newer transformative age. Newton was	was	AUX	an	DET	 an
Jed Gottlieb of the Boston Herald likened the track's beat to the works of New Zealand singer Lorde.	.	PUNCT	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
The decision to kill Charlie was taken in order to reintroduce Charlie's son, Nick. Nick had been	been	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
Travel time from Stavanger to Sandnes is 19 minutes, from Stavanger to Nærbø is 37 minutes, and from	from	ADP	Stavanger	PROPN	 Stavanger
Blaine finished with 42, Washburne had 5, John Sherman had 3, and the remaining were split amongst	amongst	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Annual average maximum and minimum temperature is 31.5° C (88.7° F) and 16.2° C (	(	PUNCT	61.2	NUM	61.2
It is a Grade II listed building, a national designation given to " buildings of special interest, which	which	PRON	warrant	VERB	 warrant
This small self contained house includes a hall and kitchen at ground level, with private chambers above, and	and	CCONJ	has	VERB	 has
He was also inspired by the unsettling atmosphere of EarthBound (1994). Fox's desire to " subvert	subvert	VERB	concepts	NOUN	 concepts
Her fascination with the sport stemmed from a much earlier time pre dating her decision to concentrate on breeding dogs	dogs	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
Two years later, in November 1961, Illingworth was selected for Jack Potter's XI in an invitational one	one	NUM	day	NOUN	 day
This source of internal heat disappeared following tidal locking and circularization of the orbit. Two types of mechanisms have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Lyrically, the song is an optimistic track about how a relationship will last as Madonna says " the road	road	NOUN	looks	VERB	 looks
The segment of the freeway between I 70 and E 470 is listed on the National Highway System (NHS	NHS	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
". Phineas has received mostly positive reviews. Emily Ashby of Common Sense Media describes Phineas as " boisterous	boisterous	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
As Sarah expresses relief that the ordeal is over, the Terminator explains that to ensure that he is not	not	PART	used	VERB	 used
She was the sister ship of Siboney but the two were not part of a ship class. In her	her	PRON	varied	ADJ	 varied
When Ned became acting governor for eight months in February 1949, Mary found Government House to be in a	a	DET	state	NOUN	 state
" F. F. Bruce argues that The presence of Messiah at God's right hand means that for His people	people	NOUN	there	ADV	 there
... I Did It Again (2000). The show opened with a skit in which the dancers came	came	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Tooley is heavily critical of the book and of Claiborne, writing, " On so many different levels,	,	PUNCT	Claiborne	PROPN	 Claiborne
There is a plaque dedicated in their honor at the mouth of Hall's Creek. They renamed the settlement	settlement	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Some of the original programmers helped with the implementation of the localization, and it underwent unspecified adjustments. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
" The supporters responded with chants of " We're Hull City, we'll die when we want "	"	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
Veronica talks to a teacher and finds out that Lianne and that teacher spread false rumors around the school and	and	CCONJ	got	AUX	 got
Butler had the advantage of giving the party leader's keynote address to the conference in Macmillan's absence,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
By the early 18th century, Sandsfoot was in ruins, its stonework taken for use in local building projects	projects	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Eventually, Todd and Marty have sex; Todd insists that he has always been in love with Marty and	and	CCONJ	plots	NOUN	 plots
Some 17,316 people worked at the Trafford Park plant, including 7,260 women and two resident doctors and nurses.	.	PUNCT	Merlin	NOUN	 Merlin
This resulted in certain critics vilifying Fellini for, as they saw it, reverting to prewar attitudes of individualism	individualism	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The maximum authorized sentence under the charges was two years imprisonment and a $10,000 fine. All five made	made	VERB	bail	NOUN	 bail
The second single from the album, " Shut Up and Drive ", was serviced to contemporary hit radio	radio	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Enter the Wu Tang (36 Chambers) is one of the most influential albums in hip hop history.	.	PUNCT	Adam	PROPN	 Adam
According to a 1996 article published by the UP Diliman APO website, the run originated when an unnamed APO	APO	PROPN	member	NOUN	 member
We knew we would win – and so too did those fans – and our performance that day was quite	quite	ADV	brilliant	ADJ	 brilliant
The United States Environmental Protection Agency, working with the NRC and state, removed the cobalt 60 from the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
They sewed jewels into the family's clothing, hoping it would not be discovered by the authorities. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Commonly consumed fish and seafood include cod, canned sardines, fresh sardines, canned tuna, fresh tuna,	,	PUNCT	salmon	NOUN	 salmon
In order to make this fit, Honda eschewed the use of a centrifugal fan in its single stage compressor	compressor	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Two live versions of the song recorded during Dylan's 1966 tour of England have been released. His performance	performance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, in the 21st century, the anonymity of online communication and general popularity of social networking online has	has	AUX	facilitated	VERB	 facilitated
At the time of his last major league game, Henderson was still in the all time top 100 home	home	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
Since 2004, Roosevelt has consistently been rated " Excellent " by the Ohio Department of Education and in December	December	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
He also studied at the Stefan Batory University in Wilno and rebuilt his family estate, ruined during the war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Spirited Away had very little marketing, less than Disney's other B films, with at most, 151	151	NUM	theaters	NOUN	 theaters
After graduating from Duba Elementary School in Tainan County, Hsu attended Tsengwen Junior High School (曾文中學; now	now	ADV	the	DET	 the
In quantum computation, information is represented by quantum bits, or qubits. The qubits may decohere quickly before	before	SCONJ	useful	ADJ	 useful
Some mtDNA haplotypes have been found in DNA samples obtained from wild horses in prehistoric deposits, while other mtDNA	mtDNA	NOUN	haplotypes	NOUN	 haplotypes
New Zealanders, informally known as " Kiwis ", predominantly live in urban areas on the North Island.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It had initially been defined as having " a lot of producers from a lot of genres in there.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Both men temporarily walked away from the bargaining table, and indicated after the session that the entire season might	might	AUX	be	AUX	 be
At the 2005 IPC Nordic Skiing World Championships, this class was grouped with other standing skiing classifications. In	In	ADP	cross	NOUN	 cross
In 2006, Comedy Central received a Peabody Award for South Park's " stringent social commentary " and "	"	PUNCT	undeniably	ADV	 undeniably
It has the largest number of postgraduate students in the university, and the second in number of tenured professors	professors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
' " Both moral and natural evil occurs, Augustine argued, owing to an evil use of free will	will	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Will Tuttle of GameSpy questioned whether Harmonix limited the number of songs on release knowing that there would be a	a	DET	market	NOUN	 market
In The Guardian, Alexis Petridis praised West's topicality and subversive studio production, writing that " Late Registration	Registration	PROPN	suggests	VERB	 suggests
Later, the two agents sit in Mulder's apartment talking about the events of the last few days.	.	PUNCT	Mulder	PROPN	 Mulder
They asked for some time to rehearse, but Phillips refused, saying, " For seventeen and six 17	17	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Swinefield was elected to the see of Hereford, or bishopric, on 1 October 1282. The election was	was	AUX	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Excavations such as those to make the waterworks basins or the marina have destroyed habitats, but yearly artificial replenishment	replenishment	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He was taken to a nearby hotel to be treated for his wounds. As expected, the contest committee	committee	NOUN	recommended	VERB	 recommended
By August, many firms had gone bankrupt, and a special session of Congress convened, called by Cleveland	Cleveland	PROPN	to	PART	 to
: 16 In most jumping spiders, the middle pair of secondary eyes is very small and has no known	known	VERB	function	NOUN	 function
Pratchett died at his home on the morning of 12 March 2015 from his Alzheimer's, according to his	his	PRON	publisher	NOUN	 publisher
Young pigeye sharks are potentially vulnerable to predation by larger sharks. The natural mortality for juveniles in Cleveland Bay	Bay	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
At the same time he designed actor portraits for battledores sold by a shop called Meirindo. His teacher gave	gave	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Upon graduating from UAB's program, Scrushy was offered a position teaching at the university, where he was	was	AUX	promoted	VERB	 promoted
The train exits the brake run with a left turn into a dive loop. A left turn leads the	the	DET	train	NOUN	 train
They also use specially made instruments to aid them in the identification process. Two screening instruments are the DiamondSure	DiamondSure	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
U.S. reconnaissance aircraft spotted the approach of the Japanese ships and passed a warning to the Allied command. Thus	Thus	ADV	warned	VERB	 warned
The 2001 census showed that the suburb had a total population of 4,658, of whom 2,268 were male and	and	CCONJ	2,390	NUM	 2,390
Predators outside the cane toad's native range include the whistling kite (Haliastur sphenurus), the rakali (	(	PUNCT	Hydromys	PROPN	Hydromys
The route was decommissioned in July, 2014. NY 191 began at an intersection with NY 22 and Miner	Miner	PROPN	Farm	PROPN	 Farm
Slayer released Eternal Pyre on June 6 as a limited edition EP. Eternal Pyre featured the song " Cult	Cult	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Coming Far! (for violin and orchestra, 1980) that would recur throughout his later works: I	I	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
River discharges are the single biggest source of nutrients, providing significant pollution of the Reef during tropical flood events	events	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He was the founder and editor of one of the first theological journals on Buddhist Christian encounter called Dialogue (	(	PUNCT	1961	NUM	1961
Dowding later wrote a memo considering several aircraft for the role, rejecting the Boulton Paul Defiant two seat fighter	fighter	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
To this end, he fights using his sakabatō (A reversed edge sword). After finishing his job	job	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The motorway is of major importance to Croatia in terms of its development of the economy of Croatia, most	most	ADV	notably	ADV	 notably
Powell had moved closer to Bolt's world record after setting a new personal best of 9.72 s, reaffirming	reaffirming	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The group changed its name to Chorion in 1998, but after financial difficulties in 2012 sold its assets.	.	PUNCT	Hachette	PROPN	 Hachette
During the ceremony, Hill broke another record by becoming the first woman to win five times in one night	night	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He joined fellow Conference Premier team York City on loan until the end of the season on 22 January 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Unfortunately for the beneficiary, the attendance was affected by the semi final of the Mayor's Charity Cup between	between	ADP	Aston	PROPN	 Aston
Construction for the Har Mar Mall began in 1961, when Harold J. Slawik had a vision to build a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Planché died at his home in Chelsea on 30 May 1880 at the age of 84. His wealth at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
For anti aircraft target practice, crewmen were firing the ship's 20 mm guns at a kite that was	was	AUX	being	AUX	 being
The album, which was slated for release on August 28, 2015, was later pushed back by a	a	DET	week	NOUN	 week
At the moment of the fight Margarito was the mandatory challenger appointed by the World Boxing Organization, and it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Directed by John Holmquist and written by Steve Callaghan, the episode originally aired on Fox in the United States	States	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The Quarrymen — John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ken Brown — went to the club	club	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He took 14 wickets in 10 matches in that tournament. In March 2016, English side Sussex announced that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
" Sargent stated that the song " sounds nothing like the chrome plated crunk & b nor the moonlit balladry	balladry	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
These investigations used acetic acid as the solvent and demonstrated that sodium acetate behaves as a base under these conditions	conditions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The demonstration game is used throughout the rules presentation to help explain how to play the game. With the	the	DET	feedback	NOUN	 feedback
In 1959, the Farmington bypass freeway was given the I 96 designation in addition to the US 16 moniker	moniker	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was launched again on 6 October. On 18 November 1917 the U boat sailed for Pola, where	where	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Selvo was motivated not only by his familial ties and the promise of reward, but also the realization that	that	SCONJ	Norman	PROPN	 Norman
Balzac had previously only published potboiler novels under a variety of pseudonyms, books designed to excite readers and sell	sell	VERB	copies	NOUN	 copies
In March 2001, the Government published a technical note A Review of Small Business Taxation, which considered simplification	simplification	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
We've decided to do something about it... [We] think competition is healthy, but competitors should	should	AUX	create	VERB	 create
No. 9 OG would take most of the credit for the RAAF reaching a peak of 254 tons of	of	ADP	bombs	NOUN	 bombs
Washington D.C. and parts of Maryland and Delaware were put on a Coastal Flood Watch and Flash Flood Watch by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
On May 10 Howard Bond of the Space Telescope Science Institute published his discovery, which was later confirmed to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
" She declared her support for same sex marriage in August 2015. In July 2013, Gillard signed a	a	DET	book	NOUN	 book
These works (including three known as the Ife marbles), were sent by Carter to Europe. Carter	Carter	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
I didn't know what the beat was for; I just knew Eminem asked me for the files and	and	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The Cornish people in particular were actively encouraged to emigrate to Australia following the demise of Cornish mining in the	the	DET	19th	ADJ	 19th
The temperature of the belt is only about 50 K, so many compounds that would be gaseous closer to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The newspaper was not the only group concerned and many plays were soon cancelled. Matters were complicated by	by	ADP	mass	NOUN	 mass
He considers John Betjeman and Stevie Smith as two writers who successfully achieved this. Hammill believes that Gibbons should	should	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Beach front cottages on St. Teresa were either damaged or destroyed and several beach dunes on St. George Island were	were	AUX	washed	VERB	 washed
Cover art was unveiled on November 30, 2006. A commercial to promote the album was released on January	January	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
By now Dyer's vaudeville bookings were far outnumbering his boxing appearances and in the latter half of 1919 he	he	PRON	faced	VERB	 faced
The first tropical cyclone of the season, Yasi, developed on January 12 as a tropical depression before it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Beatles ' booking agent, Allan Williams, decided to send the group to Hamburg when another group he	he	PRON	managed	VERB	 managed
The first documentary based on a Telugu film, it provided a " holistic view of the film " and	and	CCONJ	featured	VERB	 featured
Lithuania followed on 30 July, and Ukraine, Latvia, Iceland, and Germany in December 1991. The	The	DET	EEC	NOUN	 EEC
After an incomplete pass, Druckenmiller completed a pass to Jennings, who fell down short of the first down	down	NOUN	marker	NOUN	 marker
Other reviewers gave a more positive response, but a particularly scathing review by columnist Virginia Blackburn was published in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The wreck was partially scrapped in the 1950s, but around one third of it still remains. The YB	YB	PROPN	17s	NOUN	 17s
From 1977, there were two trains an hour, one fast and one slow. In May 1980,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" After filming for the entry ceased, he was allowed to personally work with the series ' editor.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The other two books were published by W. Bruining & Co., based in the colonial capital at Batavia (	(	PUNCT	now	ADV	now
" The case was later dismissed by a superior court judge in September. Beyoncé performed " Why Don't	n't	PART	You	PRON	 You
Christianity had spread throughout Europe, Africa, and the Middle East in Late Antiquity, but by the early	early	ADJ	8th	ADJ	 8th
At the same time, Kamikawa Maru packed up and departed Deboyne. At noon on 11 May, a	a	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
These practices produced large cemeteries of mummified animals, such as the catacombs around the Serapeum of Saqqara where the	the	DET	Apis	PROPN	 Apis
However, the use of outside musicians on the Byrds ' debut single has given rise to the persistent myth	myth	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Deducing that S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Jasper Sitwell is a Hydra mole, they force him to divulge that Zola developed a	a	DET	data	NOUN	 data
He believed all legal proceedings should be held in public, quoting Jeremy Bentham when he said that " in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
How great that victory was, however, is open to question, because on his return Maslama was ambushed	ambushed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Card Mondor purchased the rights to exhibit the film in New Zealand and Australia during the mid 1960s, almost	almost	ADV	twenty	NUM	 twenty
Hammerstein was eager to do so, and their first collaboration was Oklahoma! (1943). Thomas Hischak	Hischak	PROPN	states	VERB	 states
The word piercing can refer to the act or practice of body piercing, or to an opening in the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
The emperor's scheme received support mostly from the Church, reinforced by the arrival of victims of renewed persecutions	persecutions	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Instead of an " Equals " button, there is an " Enter " button that tells the calculator when	when	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
Marked structural improvements took place on October 17 and the NHC assessed a high probability of the system becoming a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
Robert Walton / The Creature (Evan Strand) – A combination of both Robert Walton and Frankenstein's monster	monster	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
This gave increased revenue, but the company had to start compensating rejected passengers with a full refund and a	a	DET	free	ADJ	 free
This was on the fourteenth day of the ninth month in the seventeenth year of the Reign of Xuan He	He	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Within the initiatory system of the ONA, there is an emphasis on practitioners adopting " insight roles "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Maddy tries to help but he keeps referring to Maddy as his daughter. At the end of the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It concludes with the newlyweds setting off for Vladimir's court, which Miošić places in the Herzegovinian city of	of	ADP	Trebinje	PROPN	 Trebinje
If 100% of the game is completed, an additional ending will be unlocked. The game features a	a	DET	fork	NOUN	 fork
The modern commercial centre lies to the west in the neighbourhood of Jouret al Shayyah, and further west are	are	AUX	the	DET	 the
As with the other two primary races, the Zerg are the subject of a full campaign in each of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After 72 years in the Forum, they moved to the Bell Centre in 1996. The club struggled during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was a relative of a number of English ecclesiastics, including Gilbert Foliot, one of his predecessors at	at	ADP	Hereford	PROPN	 Hereford
The volume, pitch, tempo and order of notes can be changed depending on the message the Australian raven	raven	NOUN	intends	VERB	 intends
Wallace Wolodarsky had seen the 1991 version of Cape Fear and pitched the idea of spoofing the film. Jon	Jon	PROPN	Vitti	PROPN	 Vitti
On July 6, 2012, Warner Bros. held a special IMAX screening of The Dark Knight Rises for more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
" The Times correspondent assessed, " Arsenal won because they sneaked a commanding lead of three goals, before	before	SCONJ	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
When these downdrafts reach the surface, they spread out and turn into the destructive straight horizontal winds. Most	Most	ADJ	thunderstorms	NOUN	 thunderstorms
Wong had earlier indicated his reluctance to stand in the by election, suggesting that the party consider the opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Rescuers found ten of the crew members dead at the scene, and an eleventh alive and wandering around the	the	DET	crash	NOUN	 crash
During his time at Lorient, he also trained at PEF Ploufragan, a regional academy located in the Brittany	Brittany	PROPN	region	NOUN	 region
On 9 February 2015, Bullet for My Valentine announced the departure of bassist Jason James, adding that they	they	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Sameness is resistance to change; for example, insisting that the furniture not be moved or refusing to be	be	AUX	interrupted	VERB	 interrupted
According to Walters, " The Zanesville convention represented the highest pinnicle of Foraker's power in Ohio politics.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The Volunteers ' rushing offense had been led by Aaron Hayden during the regular season, but Hayden broke his	his	PRON	leg	NOUN	 leg
The novel ends eight months later as the people of Gracehope are slowly educated on global warming and the dangers	dangers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In absence of his family, he made new friends and acquaintances. Friends living nearby would come to his	his	PRON	apartment	NOUN	 apartment
After a systematic search they discovered the actual tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62) in November 1922. Various expeditions	expeditions	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The volume appeared later in the year under the title Battery Action!, written by Hugh R. Kay,	,	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
He used X rays to investigate ferromagnetism, concluding that it was a result of the alignment of electron spins	spins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many of his contributions were instrumental in preventing the destruction of the Southern Army. This was especially so during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other bands such as Mötley Crüe and Poison saw personnel changes which impacted those bands ' commercial viability during the	the	DET	decade	NOUN	 decade
Asbury strongly urged citizens to lay aside the use of alcohol. Likewise, the listed duties for Methodist preachers	preachers	NOUN	indicate	VERB	 indicate
Binder eventually worked on thirteen Bond films and after his death in 1991, the opening credits were done by	by	ADP	Daniel	PROPN	 Daniel
The ridges are smooth or very finely tomentose (covered with densely matted filaments). They are initially colorless	colorless	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" Todd McCarthy from Variety called Ed Wood " a fanciful, sweet tempered biopic about the man often described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
She was cremated the same day, and her ashes were buried in the churchyard at Castle Seeon on 18	18	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
During the morning of September 18, she found him unresponsive in her apartment at the Samarkand Hotel, 22	22	NUM	Lansdowne	PROPN	 Lansdowne
(January 19, 1913 – January 15, 1996; originally spelled Wanderon) was an American professional pocket	pocket	NOUN	billiards	NOUN	 billiards
The Halafians were the indigenous people of Neolithic northern Syria, who later adopted the southern Ubaidian culture. Contact	Contact	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
This is because the brittleness of glass does not allow for uneven thermal expansion. Glass that has been welded	welded	VERB	will	AUX	 will
Between platforms 5 and 7 are the two spur sidings that are long enough to stable a single Class 153	153	NUM	DMU	PROPN	 DMU
That commission's executive director, Kristin Perry, later became the named plaintiff in Perry v. Brown. In	In	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
Alexander's sacking of Thebes ensured that Greece remained quiet during his absence. The one exception was a call	call	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Southey most likely learned the tale as a child from his uncle William Tyler. Tyler may have told a	a	DET	version	NOUN	 version
Feige stated exploring Quicksilver's relationship with his sister and his backstory growing up in Eastern Europe would help differentiate	differentiate	VERB	the	DET	 the
The rear side of the façade, which is seen after entering through the gate, has many rooms and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Although poliovirus transmission has been interrupted in much of the world, transmission of wild poliovirus does continue and creates	creates	VERB	an	DET	 an
From this, Du Fay theorized that electricity consists of two electrical fluids, vitreous and resinous, that are	are	AUX	separated	VERB	 separated
Heinrich had five children from a previous marriage. Göring was the fourth of five children by Heinrich's second	second	ADJ	wife	NOUN	 wife
Bakunin characterised Marx's ideas as centralist and predicted that, if a Marxist party came to power, its	its	PRON	leaders	NOUN	 leaders
After Oliver defeats the White Witch, she is restored to her former self, and declares to dedicate her	her	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
Further changes took place for the 1983 general election when the current Somerton and Frome constituency was created. The	The	DET	current	ADJ	 current
Goss and Johannes were replaced by Dean Fertita (keyboard) and Michael Shuman (bass) for later bonus	bonus	NOUN	track	NOUN	 track
The church teaches that sexual intercourse should only take place between a married man and woman, and should be	be	AUX	without	ADP	 without
He rose from private soldier in World War I to air marshal in 1948, and served as Chief of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Later however, Singer thought the somewhat scabrous ornamentation of the stipe justified a placement in Leccinum. René	René	PROPN	Pomerleau	PROPN	 Pomerleau
Instead, he recommended a stripped down sequence that omitted Kirk entirely and would be simple and easy to shoot	shoot	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
After the 100th lap, Stewart maintained a 1.8 second lead. Four laps later, Gordon moved to the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Charles Wilkins in The Globe and Mail found Remembering Winter, the chapter about cultural and social memories of winter	winter	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The film was released in theaters on May 25, 1983, six years to the day after the release	release	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was written by executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by Todd Holland. The episode originally aired on the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Since 1996, February 15 has been commemorated as National Flag of Canada Day. In 1996, Minister of	of	ADP	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
Judge Shira A. Scheindlin of New York's Southern District Court denied a motion to dismiss the copyright violation allegations	allegations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They never saw each other again. Marie Saint Saëns returned to her family, and lived until 1950,	,	PUNCT	dying	VERB	 dying
TV Guide also listed the episode on the " TV hot list " of October 4. The Toronto Star	Star	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
The last dress of the show was visually amusing and, according to Madonna, was for " anyone that	that	PRON	takes	VERB	 takes
" " I Can't Stop Loving You " hit number one on the Billboard Pop Singles chart on June	June	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Together, these formations represent about 150 million years of mostly Mesozoic aged sedimentation in that part of North America	America	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In May 2005, the Russian embassy in Armenia denied any such involvement, and described Litvinenko's accusation as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
The scenes outside the Palace of Westminster as Bellingham was taken out for transfer to Newgate were consistent with this	this	DET	mood	NOUN	 mood
This meant that Herbert did not set a time in the session, while Schumacher completed only two of his	his	PRON	twelve	NUM	 twelve
" The match was broadcast live in the United Kingdom by both the BBC and Sky Sports, with BBC	BBC	PROPN	One	NUM	 One
With the J2X C far from being completely developed, Allard Holdings were liquidated in the first quarter of 1993	1993	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As bonus, it came equipped with £1,000 of extras and was released in an advertising campaign of Anniversary	Anniversary	PROPN	trims	VERB	 trims
It continued to operate in this fashion until the end of the Battle of France. On 4 July it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Flottenabteilung Wulff was sent through the mouth of the Danube and across the Black Sea to Odessa, where it	it	PRON	spent	VERB	 spent
The summit of the islet is 51 metres (170 ft) above sea level. Fraser Darling and Boyd	Boyd	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Two players — one with a last name Albers, and one with a last name Yerges — did not	not	PART	play	VERB	 play
The first egg hatches after 31 to 36 days of incubation. Although the eggs do hatch successively, considering	considering	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
According to NASA scientists, the plumes are similar in composition to comets. In 2014, NASA reported that	that	SCONJ	Cassini	PROPN	 Cassini
Subsequent research demonstrates that two important skills in joint attention are following eye gaze and identifying intention. The ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
A juvenile specimen has a smaller crest and primary coverts, with a brown wash instead of ash grey on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The band referred to the album's musical departure as " the sound of four men chopping down The Joshua	Joshua	PROPN	Tree	PROPN	 Tree
The journalists had their reports sent back almost daily – ironically making communication with London at a time when Divisional	Divisional	PROPN	Signals	PROPN	 Signals
Subduing the latter seems to have taken David ten years, a struggle that involved the destruction of Óengus,	,	PUNCT	Mormaer	PROPN	 Mormaer
Responding to this, Paul Watters from the AA said " We ’ ve already seen the Western extension of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The route bypassed most of Chazy, skirting the northern edge of the hamlet as it headed northeast to a	a	DET	junction	NOUN	 junction
My Dad Says by 0.1. This rating was the show's highest since December 10, 2009, episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
This ruse was successful enough that the rival Villa faction offered $15,000 to divert the shipment to a Villa	Villa	PROPN	controlled	VERB	 controlled
They were set to tour with Chimaira and All That Remains from January through March 2008, but due to	to	ADP	singer	NOUN	 singer
The head should be of moderate width at the ears, narrowing to the eyes, and slightly flat between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, he struggled with the bat, scoring 398 runs at 26.53 with seven single figure scores, although	although	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The Suffolk Campaign was minor and inconclusive, while the Battle of Chancellorsville was an enormous Confederate victory. Before	Before	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are separate congresses for the men and women's branch of Opus Dei. The General Congresses are made	made	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Although there had been no significant Scottish involvement in the coup, most members of the Scottish Privy Council went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It is bordered by England to its east, the Irish Sea to its north and west, and the	the	DET	Bristol	PROPN	 Bristol
Many Asian fungi are commercially grown and have increased in popularity in the West. They are often available fresh	fresh	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
For example, in 15 BC the philosopher Yang Xiong described the invention of the belt drive for a quilling	quilling	VERB	machine	NOUN	 machine
His efforts in the regular season earned him his third career Vezina Trophy nomination, alongside the Boston Bruins '	'	PART	Tim	PROPN	 Tim
Fowler briefly coached Liverpool's strikers in April 2011. Muangthong took action and sacked Henrique Calisto as head coach	coach	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Certain presents contain harmful power ups, such the loss of a " life ", or the " randomizer	randomizer	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
This appointment is, however, most likely a misreading of the primary source, according to the editors of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hergé had also collected press clippings depicting the Christina, a motor yaught owned by the Greek shipping magnate Aristotle	Aristotle	PROPN	Onassis	PROPN	 Onassis
Deluxe on March 29, 2010. The short stories were collected into a bound volume released on June 23	23	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The linking converb -n became confined to stable verb combinations, while the number of converbs increased. The distinction	distinction	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
In mid June 1944, they began their offensive against the Mariana and Palau islands, and decisively defeated Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
Jaws was the state's most successful book by 7 p.m. on the first day. However, sales were	were	AUX	good	ADJ	 good
Species considered not to be threatened with extinction are included in Appendix II, in which case trade “ must	must	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The first weapons drop, witnessed on the ground by British mercenary Lieutenant Colonel Johnny Cooper, provided the royalists	royalists	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
State police officers established contingency plans for personnel and equipment to assist as needed. The State Office of Parks	Parks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They are similar to activity displays in that they contain vocabulary that is associated with specific activities or routines.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
The miniature mountain was used as a setting for an important ceremony called the Royal Tonsure Ceremony. This ancient	ancient	ADJ	rite	NOUN	 rite
Golden and Wagner cite evidence such as Fiegler's ability to make himself appear " dim " (an ability	ability	NOUN	shared	VERB	 shared
There's been some vague talk among the cast members... As far as I know right now nothing's	's	AUX	happening	VERB	 happening
While the civil rights movement fought against racial segregation, Malcolm X advocated the complete separation of African Americans from	from	ADP	whites	NOUN	 whites
The point of contention was whether or not the England selectors would include Basil D ' Oliveira, a mixed	mixed	ADJ	race	NOUN	 race
At the time of hatching, the female coconut crab releases the eggs into the ocean. This usually takes	takes	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
The east building wall of the base out of which the tower rises runs at a slant to the Manhattan	Manhattan	PROPN	street	NOUN	 street
" On 19 March 2011, at the age of four, Knut collapsed and died in his enclosure.	.	PUNCT	Witnesses	NOUN	 Witnesses
Various student initiatives have been undertaken to adopt a mascot, but none has become " official. " One	One	NUM	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
Soon the police department assigned undercover officers to infiltrate the Nation of Islam. By the late 1950s, Malcolm	Malcolm	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
When the Los Angeles Galaxy traveled to Seattle in May 2012, the FieldTurf was noted as one of the	the	DET	reasons	NOUN	 reasons
This rush to disbarment is in retribution for the filing of that federal suit. With enemies this foolish,	,	PUNCT	Thompson	PROPN	 Thompson
The first shooting schedule began two days later with a fight scene choreographed by Thalapathy Dinesh and filmed at Ramavaram	Ramavaram	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" The Coon ", along with the thirteen other episodes from South Park's thirteenth season, were released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The real victory is in the character's refusal to give up against long odds. " My heroes are	are	AUX	the	DET	 the
This includes, but is not limited to, his collaborations with Di Meola, McLaughlin, and Pedro Iturralde	Iturralde	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This practice was common for obtaining coal mining labor in Alabama at the close of the Reconstruction era. The	The	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Anderson returned on the December 2 edition of Impact!, chasing Hardy and Fortune out of the ring,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
Mark Schilling curated the retrospective in order to expose international audiences to 1960s Nikkatsu Action films which, aside from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Commanded by a lieutenant colonel, an infantry battalion was composed of ten companies, of which eight were "	"	PUNCT	centre	ADJ	 centre
While the core mechanics remain the same, a number of aesthetic changes have been made in Ultimate Marvel vs.	vs.	ADP	Capcom	PROPN	 Capcom
Finding the camp unoccupied, they learned that the company was out on an extended patrol. Suspecting they would	would	AUX	head	VERB	 head
Renewable Energy Development Agency of the state has plans to promote usage of solar street lights in Kalimpong and proposed	proposed	VERB	an	DET	 an
Firstly, both the mimic and the model benefit from the interaction, which could thus be classified as mutualism	mutualism	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Hoyle and Ryder met at a performance art event, after which the former asked Ryder if he would appear	appear	VERB	in	ADP	 in
There is Holy Communion each day, and Choral Evensong each day except Wednesday. The Director of Music is	is	AUX	Philip	PROPN	 Philip
Chappuis ran for 91 yards, completed 14 of 24 passes for 188 yards, was named the Most Valuable	Valuable	PROPN	Player	PROPN	 Player
After only a few Segunda División matches, Pablo received his first call up to the Spanish under 21 team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He had hip surgery on January 14. – denotes class status adjusted for used redshirt eligibility. The incoming	incoming	ADJ	class	NOUN	 class
Some scholars have argued that the historical context during which the temple was built, i.e. after returning from Rome	Rome	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Failure to observe this requirement will almost certainly doom the plant in the long term or, at best,	,	PUNCT	limit	VERB	 limit
Neuner ended the season with her 19th World Cup win in Khanty Mansiysk's mass start, which ensured her	her	PRON	the	DET	 the
After his arrival in Sydney, Pulsford immediately became involved in the free trade cause, and in 1885 he	he	PRON	co	VERB	 co
Critics also drew attention to other aspects of the film. Writing for The Sydney Morning Herald, Sandra Hall	Hall	PROPN	criticised	VERB	 criticised
Howe often deferred to the civil leadership of the various states that made up his command, often referring conflicts	conflicts	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
If approved, the property is entered officially by the Keeper of the National Register into the National Register of	of	ADP	Historic	PROPN	 Historic
Within a few months, Crane was persuaded by his family to forgo a military career and transfer to Lafayette	Lafayette	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
Shankly himself certainly had that spirit when playing for Scotland as confirmed by Alex James: " He is a	a	DET	real	ADJ	 real
In October 2006, news reports surfaced that Washington had insulted Knight with a homophobic slur, during an argument	argument	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Throughout 2010, the company added newer calorie conscious " Positive Steps " combo meals that were advertised in female	female	ADJ	oriented	VERB	 oriented
Also, unlike the previous albums, the album was made with only minimal involvement of Jim O'Rourke; the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Obsidian's co founder, Feargus Urquhart, said that the game was originally going to be released in 2005	2005	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
East of the Tilghman Street Viaduct, SR 1002 traverses numerous streets in the eastern section of Allentown. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
Malay dailies such as Berita Harian, Utusan Malaysia, Harian Metro and Kosmo!. Chinese dailies such as	as	ADP	Sin	PROPN	 Sin
The Heuschrecke designed by Krupp was similar in design to a vehicle built by Alkett and Rheinmetall Borsig, the	the	DET	105	NUM	 105
The Olmsted firm translated this agenda into an urban design that included a unique combination of social reform, comprehensive	comprehensive	ADJ	infrastructure	NOUN	 infrastructure
This shark can be distinguished from similar species in its range by the long furrows at the corners of its	its	PRON	mouth	NOUN	 mouth
Current space telescopes, including NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, can accurately measure mass for some types of stars	stars	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Football resumed at Old Trafford on 8 March 1941, but another German raid on 11 March 1941 destroyed much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
NY 350 continues across rolling farmland to the town of Walworth, where it meets the eastern terminus of NY	NY	PROPN	441	NUM	 441
Jessop was assisted by John Duncombe, Thomas Denson and William Turner, and from 30 October, Thomas Telford	Telford	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Tests undertaken both before the purchase, and in 1979, had demonstrated that the water was safe for public	public	ADJ	consumption	NOUN	 consumption
Socialist literary critic Bakri Siregar writes that Kartodikromo drew on his experiences while visiting the Netherlands in writing Studen Hidjo	Hidjo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Hancock was immensely popular and unquestionably patriotic given his personal sacrifices and his leadership of the Second Continental Congress.	.	PUNCT	James	PROPN	 James
Other sources that have been suggested include an Assyrian relief of Gilgamesh clutching a lion cub now in the Louvre	Louvre	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
According to military author Richard Fisher, it has been speculated that further modifications to a new production batch would	would	AUX	include	VERB	 include
In 1990, D ' Amato produced his final La Casa film, Beyond Darkness (La Casa 5)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Selena then dumped Saldívar's satchel containing bank statements onto the bed and saw the gun. At 11:	:	SYM	48	NUM	 48
Deir al Balah is situated in the central Gaza Strip, along the coastline of the eastern Mediterranean Sea.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Cadwallon apparently was initially unsuccessful, but he joined with Penda, who is thought to have been the lesser	lesser	ADJ	partner	NOUN	 partner
According to biographer Roland Huntford the expedition had no obvious goal and was " only too clearly a piece of	of	ADP	improvisation	NOUN	 improvisation
The Rhodesian government set up a string of front holding companies in Switzerland, Luxembourg and Liechtenstein to help keep	keep	VERB	trade	NOUN	 trade
In early 1960, the Quarrymen returned to Phillip's Sound Recording Service to record Lennon's new original song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
With the completion of a robust two year study, it is shown that the PEGylated interferon beta 1a has	has	VERB	greater	ADJ	 greater
In: Munz PA, Onagraceae (ed.). N Am Flora II 5: 232 – 265	265	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 23 August 1915, after being rushed through trials. The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
This would, in time, abolish that part of barbarity and ignorance, for which our natives are so	so	ADV	despised	VERB	 despised
" Homer takes an interest in the Reading Digest magazine after a copy is sent to the Simpson family's	's	PART	residence	NOUN	 residence
This rare syndrome causes the loss of proprioception and sense of vibration below the level of injury while motor function	function	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Jack Horner and Don Lessem argued in 1993 that Tyrannosaurus was slow and probably could not run (no airborne	airborne	ADJ	phase	NOUN	 phase
They first hit her at 9: 28 on the waterline with a shell that flooded a coal bunker.	.	PUNCT	Shortly	ADV	 Shortly
In 1975, Stevenson was involved in establishing the Kings Cross Community Aid and Information Service, serving for a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
A master mason is omitted, and military historian Allen Brown has suggested that it may be because Richard himself	himself	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The fighters returned to Truk on 18 March after claiming 18 Allied aircraft shot down. Zuihō arrived at Sasebo	Sasebo	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
" Dana Stevens of Slate magazinepraised McConaughey's performance, highlighting that the movie " traffics in deep hindbrain emotions	emotions	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
On 7 November his resolve was broken; he confessed late that day, and again over the following two	two	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Another Horsa came down about 200 yards (180 m) from the bridge but exploded on landing, killing	killing	VERB	all	PRON	 all
While living in Johannesburg in the 1950s, he cultivated the image of the " African gentleman ", having	having	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Ford's age at the time of his death was 93 years and 165 days, making him the longest	longest	ADJ	lived	VERB	 lived
The poems in this volume, like her poems in other volumes and contexts, contain universal identifications with ordinary	ordinary	ADJ	objects	NOUN	 objects
The younger Rogers led the company until he retired in 1893. Robert S. Hughes then became president and reorganized	reorganized	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, a record at the National Archives notes that " the cartouche refers to Lord Rivers by that title	title	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
" The stage blood caused technical difficulties as it soaked the microphone, guitars, and cymbals, which according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Reid states that although speculation behind the editorial decision to allow the paralysis of the character to become permanent included	included	VERB	the	DET	 the
There were usually two or three speakers at these " Journal Club " meetings. This time the speakers were	were	AUX	Niels	PROPN	 Niels
His father, King Coloman, had him crowned as a child, thus denying the crown to his uncle	uncle	NOUN	Álmos	PROPN	 Álmos
The knitting style used to create Aran sweaters is often mistakenly associated with the Isle of Arran rather than the	the	DET	Irish	PROPN	 Irish
Stone stuck with Fortune, which upset Forbes publisher Malcolm Forbes, who turned down a later request to use	use	VERB	his	PRON	 his
) Everett refused to contest the results despite calls from the party to do so; he wrote, "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Bertram was devised by Dudley Clarke to deceive Erwin Rommel about the timing and location of the allied attack.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It has been suggested by The Guardian and The Sydney Morning Herald, that the report may have highlighted what	what	PRON	could	AUX	 could
After his victory, Basil II advanced towards Strumitsa, which was key to holding the whole Vardar valley.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
By 2009, the site had 4.5 million reviews. By 2010, Yelp's revenues were estimated to be	be	AUX	$	SYM	 $
The producers wanted the musical to appear like a " corny and low rent production ". The ensemble includes	includes	VERB	10	NUM	 10
The following days they proceeded with the composition and recording of " Exposition / We Can Work It Out "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2015, Aleksander Gilyadov from VentureBeat included Sniper Wolf's death among six most memorable Metal Gear moments opining	opining	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Keith David once again voices the Flame King in " Vault of Bones ", " Earth & Water "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
With this shift in perspective, the focus of discourse remained on subordination, patriarchal oppression, and victimization.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
The team announced their discovery on 8 March 1974. Another expedition was mounted that same month to confirm the	the	DET	discovery	NOUN	 discovery
The album called for more emoting, which Chrisye – known as having a stiff stage persona – struggled to	to	PART	deliver	VERB	 deliver
As a result of the psychologist's report, Lyons was moved to St. Joseph's Special School in Tallaght	Tallaght	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His last words to them were " You are standing here as if you were waiting for something ".	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
However, new fossils found in 2007 and 2008 showed that the " chain mail " of tommotiids formed the	the	DET	tube	NOUN	 tube
McKellen was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Letters by Cambridge University on 18 June 2014. He was made a	a	DET	Freeman	PROPN	 Freeman
By the time Vespasian was proclaimed emperor in Rome, any hope of restoring the Republic had long dissipated.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On December 14, 2010, Bautista signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners including an invite to	to	PART	spring	NOUN	 spring
For successful reintroductions, connectivity between sites with low population density is considered ideal. Protected area extensions are also	also	ADV	needed	VERB	 needed
Pierce returned to the horror genre with the 1976 film The Town That Dreaded Sundown, based on the true	true	ADJ	story	NOUN	 story
The kittens don't look much like kittens, but that's not the point. There's a rats	rats	NOUN	'	PART	 '
" One of Walter's first suggestions was to lower the fees for having charters confirmed, from nine pounds	pounds	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Asturias then shows how el Pelele, a mother loving figure, " suffers at the hands of those who	who	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The operation also resulted in severe damage to the historic core of the city, with 64 heritage buildings being	being	AUX	heavily	ADV	 heavily
The first of her class to be completed, King George V was commissioned at her shipyard and sailed for	for	ADP	Rosyth	PROPN	 Rosyth
In the 1920s, agricultural reforms that culminated in the Belarusian phase of Soviet collectivization were set in motion.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
When the storm threatened to become a hurricane, a hurricane warning was declared for this region at 1025 UTC	UTC	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The French Navy had by this time returned to France. After being removed from front line service in 1872	1872	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After this, the skier learns how to side step, and then how to fall down and get back	back	ADV	up	ADV	 up
The light side ending is also used in the novel adaptation, though the dark side ending is used as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
From 1947 to 1950 he studied the Talmud, philosophy and literature at the Sorbonne, where he was influenced	influenced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Northup is later shipped to New Orleans along with others who have been detained against their will. A slave	slave	NOUN	trader	NOUN	 trader
The judges stepped in to point out this was irrelevant. The jury, which was packed with royalists,	,	PUNCT	convicted	VERB	 convicted
He barked, " This fellow would have a preacher in every parish church! " to which Marbury replied	replied	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The books of the Old Testament are thus distributed: Genesis — 2 Chronicles (first volume), Hosea	Hosea	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
X Play claimed that it was a " pleasure to play ", and praised its " beautiful " graphics	graphics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In February 2014, before Arsenal's match with Sunderland, the club unveiled a statue of former striker Dennis	Dennis	PROPN	Bergkamp	PROPN	 Bergkamp
The Nesbitts spent Sunday evenings singing hymns around the piano. Jim marched in the Ballymena Young Conquerors flute band	band	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sections through the Detroit area are named the Detroit Industrial and Edsel Ford freeways. I 94 in the state	state	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The neo classical monuments that proliferated at the end of the 18th century and the start of the 19th,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Cox and Lee were two musicians with whom he had played in R & B bands in Tennessee in 1962	1962	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Tony Dungy is the third man to win the Super Bowl as a head coach as well as a player	player	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Covering an area of 119 square kilometers (46 sq mi), the national park is dominated by Siberian	Siberian	ADJ	like	ADP	 like
The route was named the Sublette cutoff by Joseph Ware in his popular 1849 guide book to the trail after	after	SCONJ	an	DET	 an
However, the introduction of the SLBM mooted the mobility and survivability argument, and a newer generation of ICBMs	ICBMs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Local restaurant information and a combination pocket schedule and map may also be included. Sponsors often receive additional items	items	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The battalion helped evacuate Americans from Northern China during the Chinese Civil War and in various occasions participated in providing	providing	VERB	relief	NOUN	 relief
Judge George G. Fagg said in dissent that his colleagues had " declared war on the government's power to	to	PART	initiate	VERB	 initiate
On May 27, 2014, the band released a short video with a teaser of a song from the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Ecofeminist Greta Gaard claims that Satin " played a significant role in facilitating the articulation of Green political thought "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
She leaves Seattle to start fresh. Several episodes later, Alex informs Meredith that Izzie sent divorce papers,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The game received mixed reviews upon release. Gordon Houghton of The One for ST Games disliked the arcade sequences	sequences	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Unemployment is higher than average for Salford, with areas of severe income deprivation both to the north and south	south	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Insomniac agreed, resulting in most of the Ratchet & Clank engine technology being developed in house by Insomniac,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Hand's reputation as a libertarian obscures the fact that he was cautious as a judge. Though a liberal	liberal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was 105 feet 4 inches (32.11 m) long by 13 feet 9 inches (4.19 m)	)	PUNCT	abeam	NOUN	 abeam
U 47's seventh patrol consisted of her travelling north of the British Isles and into the North Atlantic,	,	PUNCT	south	NOUN	 south
He also cited his own credentials on race stating that as attorney general of Virginia he faced the issue when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Hearings into Teapot Dome began in October 1923, after Harding's death. Fall had left office earlier that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
The earliest " Bijelo Brdo " assemblages are dated via unearthed coins to the rule of Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Schleswig Holstein saw action during the engagement, and was hit by one large caliber shell. After the battle	battle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some DIN valves are convertible to A clamp by use of an insert which is screwed into the opening.	.	PUNCT	Y	NOUN	 Y
The South African military attacked insurgents in Cunene Province on 12 May 1980. The Angolan Ministry of Defense accused	accused	VERB	the	DET	 the
They trot at a speed of 6 – 13 km / h, and have a maximum running speed of	of	ADP	50	NUM	 50
James appeared in three additional Women's World Championships, all three of which were won by Canada over the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
For Chipotle's 18 year anniversary, the company began wrapping its burritos in gold foil as part of a	a	DET	larger	ADJ	 larger
Among his last visitors were Oscar Wilde and James Whistler. Burges died in the Red Bed on 20 April	April	PROPN	1881	NUM	 1881
While angered by Taylor's manner, the officers defended themselves in a restrained way. The next day Khánh	Khánh	PROPN	met	VERB	 met
In 1991, the presumed burial site of the imperial family and their servants was excavated in the woods outside	outside	ADP	Yekaterinburg	PROPN	 Yekaterinburg
He explains to Andy that the only reason he asked Erin out was because Andy gave his blessing, which	which	PRON	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
In 1996, when the band's third North American single " Only Happy When it Rains " had driven	driven	VERB	the	DET	 the
Falling out of favour with Bormann meant that access to Hitler was cut off. Bormann proved to be a	a	DET	master	NOUN	 master
The main battery turrets were reasonably well protected: the turret roofs were 130 mm (5.1 in) thick	thick	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Except a tour of duty in the military during World War II, Mara spent his entire adult life with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
As From Autumn to Ashes prepared to begin studio recording for the album, Mark noted that Perri " never	never	ADV	came	VERB	 came
Capon Chapel and its associated cemetery are located to the east Christian Church Road (West Virginia Secondary Route 13	13	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
During the season, this was the match in the country with the most spectators not hosted at Rosenborg's	's	PART	home	NOUN	 home
In the 1970s and 1980s, the initial success of Solidarity in particular, and of dissident movements in general	general	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Many riders and teams believed that the stage suited Movistar Team's Alejandro Valverde, who had finished second on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the long and hard struggle that followed, which involved amphibious operations in the Mesopotamian Marshes, Abu'l Abbas	Abbas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Paxillus involutus forms ectomycorrhizal relationships with a number of coniferous and deciduous tree species. Because the fungus has somewhat	somewhat	ADV	unspecialised	VERB	 unspecialised
Pheidippides arrived during the festival of Carneia, a sacrosanct period of peace, and was informed that the Spartan	Spartan	ADJ	army	NOUN	 army
' Shaheem Reid and Jayson Rodriguez off MTV News stated that " Summer Love " alongside Timberlake's 2007 singles	singles	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
As students grow older, they commit more facts to memory, and learn to derive other facts rapidly and	and	CCONJ	fluently	ADV	 fluently
The first English language histories of the battle were written and published by Texas Ranger and amateur historian John Henry	Henry	PROPN	Brown	PROPN	 Brown
The enemy, therefore must by now be painfully aware that a decision of the United Nations to depart from	from	ADP	its	PRON	 its
From 7 June until 16 August, it first consolidated and then expanded its bridgehead. On 10 June the	the	DET	decision	NOUN	 decision
" Space " and " Time " were later released on the DVD and Blu ray sets of the sixth	sixth	ADJ	series	NOUN	 series
He never considered himself a master of the art, but rather an " evangelist " of kung fu.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Many of the processes are distinctly old fashioned; thus, Hartley describes basting, dredging, and frothing,	,	PUNCT	switching	VERB	 switching
The complex includes the Houston Public Library (HPL) Express Southwest library extension. The center also houses the	the	DET	Mayor	PROPN	 Mayor
One early wealthy resident was Chicago businessman J. W. Gates who would gamble on stocks on Wall Street and play	play	VERB	poker	NOUN	 poker
Her old machinery was replaced with more efficient equipment and her twenty boilers were replaced with eight oil fired models	models	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Despite this, there are several weaknesses to its institutional design in the sense that certain informal aspects of CPC	CPC	PROPN	rule	NOUN	 rule
In situations where a forecaster expects a significant threat of extremely severe and life threatening weather, a watch with	with	ADP	special	ADJ	 special
In an effort to attain air time for Jackson, CBS Records President Walter Yetnikoff pressured MTV and declared,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The colonists inflicted heavy casualties on the regulars, using the fence to steady and aim their muskets, and	and	CCONJ	benefit	VERB	 benefit
It was to be a year round, permanent ensemble, singing in English, instead of the short,	,	PUNCT	starry	ADJ	 starry
During the two hundred date tour supporting A.M., Tweedy began to write songs for a second album. The	The	DET	lyrical	ADJ	 lyrical
On 28 August 2007, it was announced that a bid from Sunderland had been accepted by Stoke, after	after	SCONJ	Higginbotham	PROPN	 Higginbotham
The position had already been filled, but the professor of chemistry there, W. L. Evans, knew that	that	SCONJ	Winfred	PROPN	 Winfred
Yaya Touré unleashed a 30 yard strike in the 11th minute which went only inches wide of the top corner	corner	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The yolk provides the liquid nourishment for the embryo caterpillar until it escapes from the shell. The cytoplasm is	is	AUX	enclosed	VERB	 enclosed
There is evidence that it could have developed a circulation on July 24 before it struck the Yucatán Peninsula.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The player can also split the squad into smaller units should strategy so require. The game has an online	online	ADJ	cooperative	ADJ	 cooperative
Their emergence also evidences the employment of an educated staff. Indeed, students from the kingdom studied at the	the	DET	universities	NOUN	 universities
Within two months of Selena's death, Astudillo performed the track during a Memorial Day concert held in Houston	Houston	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Similar destruction has been seen on Midway Island (1943) and Big South Cape Island (1962).	.	PUNCT	Conservation	NOUN	 Conservation
This also served to keep her costs relatively low. Commandant Teste was 167 m (547 ft 11 in	in	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
Three miles (5 km) west of town, about 7: 30 a.m. on July 1, the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Xinhua reported that Guangdong authorities had arrested two people who are suspected of having spread rumours online which alleged sexual	sexual	ADJ	assault	NOUN	 assault
The region is covered with mainly alluvial or black soil which is conducive for rice cultivation. Other crops grown	grown	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When a character is knocked beyond a stage's boundary and disappears from the screen, the character loses either	either	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Bouchard's popularity was such that his remarks that the Québécois were the " white race " with the lowest	lowest	ADJ	rate	NOUN	 rate
Glover believes Lionel has two competing agendas with Lex — for Lex to become his own man and for Lex	Lex	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The efforts of McCain and Feingold were opposed by some of the moneyed interests targeted, by incumbents in both	both	DET	parties	NOUN	 parties
The secretion from the arm contains a chemical related to cat allergen, but may be augmented by secondary toxins	toxins	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The setting of one Tang poem describes a yurt, and the performance of a Turkic actress was hosted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The four transports were unarmed and filled with civilians from the Seoul area, en route to Japan. Around	Around	ADP	12	NUM	 12
A number of fixtures had to be postponed due to the state of the pitch, which was described as	as	ADP	resembling	VERB	 resembling
This storm has been paleotempestologically traced in sediment near Gales Point. The system steadily weakened over land. Based	Based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In 1977, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) said PRSA's code of conduct inhibited fair competition by	by	ADP	requiring	VERB	 requiring
Thick blood functions similarly to experience points, and players gain more by shooting Smiles ' critical points. The	The	DET	player	NOUN	 player
A new report was published in June 2011. In September 2012, the ministry concluded that also the second	second	ADJ	report	NOUN	 report
" Museum and library offers to house the diary Yad Vashem Holocaust Museum in Jerusalem The United States Holocaust Memorial	Memorial	PROPN	Museum	PROPN	 Museum
Nuncio Angelo Roncalli (who became Pope John XXIII, and was recognized by Yad Vashem as Righteous Among the	the	DET	Nations	NOUN	 Nations
The episode seems to suffer from ADD as it can ’ t focus on any topic for very long.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
NGC 678 is further distinguished by its prominent dust lane. NGC 691 itself is a spiral galaxy slightly inclined	inclined	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
" When the single's cover was revealed, it divided opinions. Becky Bain of Idolator liked " simplicity	simplicity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The series bears the new name of Zimbabwe's capital (Harare) and is indifferent to the last two	two	NUM	series	NOUN	 series
Following the shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando in June 2016, Perry and nearly 200 other artists and	and	CCONJ	executives	NOUN	 executives
He continued research as a professor emeritus into his 80s, purchasing a hand printing press that he used to	to	PART	self	NOUN	 self
Spider Man and his wife Mary Jane Watson agree, and this part of their history is erased so that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Collins and Fanning acknowledged that the album's experimental nature could lose them some old fans, but the pair	pair	NOUN	drew	VERB	 drew
Frentzen retired from ninth position with a gearbox failure on lap 29. Villeneuve made a pit stop from sixth	sixth	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Sanchez signed with the Philadelphia Eagles on March 29, 2014, for a 1 year, $2.25 million	million	NUM	contract	NOUN	 contract
During the unrest, the price of food skyrocketed when transport system was disrupted, causing further hardship for the	the	DET	people	NOUN	 people
At the entrance to the gate, two red stone statues of elephants with mahouts stand as sentinels. The	The	DET	gate	NOUN	 gate
Villeneuve described the incident after the race " The car felt very strange. The hit was very hard.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The song peaked at number eight on the UK Singles Chart, number four on the Scottish Singles Chart,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Dvorak satellite classifications began at 1200 UTC on October 17, and six hours later, the system developed into	into	ADP	Tropical	PROPN	 Tropical
However, the bickering continued, with Waters issuing the occasional slight against his former friends, and Gilmour and	and	CCONJ	Mason	PROPN	 Mason
The Communist Party of Kampuchea headquarters was moved to Ratanakiri in 1966, and hundreds of Khmer Loeu joined CPK	CPK	PROPN	units	NOUN	 units
" Jon Pareles from The New York Times, said the song " put an oblique, sometimes apocalyptic spin	spin	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Bruneian empire had authority only along the coastal regions of Sarawak held by semi independent Malay leaders. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
According to Hindu theology, there are five sacred lakes collectively called Panch Sarovar (' Sarovar ' means "	"	PUNCT	lake	NOUN	 lake
The eldest son of former Geelong champion Jack Hawkins, he was drafted by Geelong under the father son draft	draft	NOUN	rule	NOUN	 rule
In 308 AD, he raided the territory of the Bructeri, and made a bridge across the Rhine at	at	ADP	Colonia	PROPN	 Colonia
After fluctuating down the charts, the album reached number ten on the issue dated March 7, 2009.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Another, more lighthearted response to the episode came from an unhappy viewer in Lubbock, Texas, who sent	sent	VERB	a	DET	 a
The first rider to break away for any length of time was Vacansoleil – DCM's Borut Božič, coming	coming	VERB	clear	ADJ	 clear
These veins and rakes have been mined for lead since Roman times. The Peak District was covered by ice	ice	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
The Pearl Roundabout, now cleared of protesters, was torn down by government and protesters found themselves pushed back	back	ADV	into	ADP	 into
Much of this was accomplished at the behest of Motown chief Berry Gordy and Maxine Powell, who ran Motown	Motown	PROPN	's	PART	's
This view was strongly opposed by Averroës and many scholastic philosophers who supported Aristotle. The Aristotelian view was also	also	ADV	challenged	VERB	 challenged
Rwanda's national football team has appeared in the African Cup of Nations once, in the 2004 edition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He thinks for a moment in silence, and his mind wanders back to his lost Lenore. He thinks	thinks	VERB	the	DET	 the
That goal is the real goal as far as I am concerned. The manuscript later became part of Scientology	Scientology	PROPN	mythology	NOUN	 mythology
In the sprint, world champion Thor Hushovd again led out race leader Tyler Farrar, but may have been	been	AUX	too	ADV	 too
" Pendle considered that the cultural stigma attached to Parsons ' occultism was the primary cause of his low public	public	ADJ	profile	NOUN	 profile
Floods and landslides contributed EC $17.6 million of damage to the island's road network, while river floods	floods	NOUN	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
Indeed, while the value of using armour in Vietnam was originally questioned by the Australian Army, the performance	performance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the Yadkin River Valley was raided by Cherokee, the Boones and many other families fled north to Culpeper	Culpeper	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
As Anderson explains, these are " a result of Umbrella experimenting with the Undead and attempting to give them	them	PRON	back	ADV	 back
" Writing in 1833, before the church was closed, the antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described St Michael's as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
By 1375, the king had commissioned John Barbour to write the poem, The Brus, a history intended	intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
The company was acquired by Mirrorsoft in February 1987, and was later dispossessed by the company due to strains	strains	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wang Mang preserved these central government monopolies. When Eastern Han began, they were once again repealed, the	the	DET	industries	NOUN	 industries
Soon after the election results were announced, Jones was quoted in a newspaper as saying that he had talked	talked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Though the sport has applied for re admission for 2016, baseball is no longer contested as a medal event	event	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Both his parents – mother Rajam Mariasingam and father Loorthu – were primary school teachers. When Leon was young	young	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In a deleted scene, it would have been mentioned that DeSoto and Picard had served together as lieutenants previously	previously	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Several areas have outcrops of slates. Younger rocks of the Jurassic period can be found between St Audries and	and	CCONJ	Kilve	PROPN	 Kilve
On April 3, with Union troops under Ulysses S. Grant poised to capture Richmond, Davis escaped to Danville	Danville	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was particularly impressed by Debra's choice to leave Lundy and LaGuerta's grief over Doakes's death.	.	PUNCT	TV	PROPN	 TV
Harry Wismer, representing the city of New York at the meeting, proclaimed the state was ready for another	another	DET	professional	ADJ	 professional
Lacke prepares to kill Eli, but Oskar, who was hiding inside the apartment, interferes; Eli immediately	immediately	ADV	wakes	VERB	 wakes
Meanwhile, Lincoln and Charlie become somewhat distrustful of Walternate after learning what he hid from them. They consider	consider	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Those in the afterlife school can still feel pain as they did when they were alive, as well as	as	ADP	dying	VERB	 dying
In July it was at Wivenhoe and later moved to Frinton and Clacton. Early in 1918, the regiment	regiment	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
The story was written by Hal Barwood and Noah Falstein, the game's designers, who had rejected the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
Edward Teller was the most optimistic, predicting 45 kilotons of TNT (190 TJ). He wore gloves	gloves	NOUN	to	PART	 to
One of the more noteworthy games was the 1980 3 – 3 slug fest at Grant Field during Bill Curry	Curry	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The album, Common One, consisted of six songs; the longest, " Summertime in England "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In peace time, the war band's activity was centred on the " Great Hall ". Here,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
During the contest, Peter and Mickey talk about American looks and diet in a drunk language. After the	the	DET	contest	NOUN	 contest
The team's captain was tackle Walker " Big Six " Carpenter. Its renowned backfield consisted of quarterback Al	Al	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
Captain J.P. Howell called together a meeting of breeders of both the Pembroke and the Cardigan varieties, and formed	formed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Padded harnesses are required, each musher must carry an appropriate amount of food, and additional food supplies must	must	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The largest include white tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), the Florida black bear, and the Florida panther	panther	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song is set to archival footage, showing images of Harrison's National resonator guitar, over which his	his	PRON	handwritten	ADJ	 handwritten
Australia carried approximately 3,200 long tons (3,251 t) of coal, and an additional 850 long tons (	(	PUNCT	864	NUM	864
Yaya DaCosta, runner up of America's Next Top Model, Cycle 3 appeared as Holly Bennett and Tobias	Tobias	PROPN	Segal	PROPN	 Segal
Stoke City then travelled to fellow Midlands team Wolverhampton Wanderers for the fourth round, in one of five all	all	DET	Premier	PROPN	 Premier
Also, players ' pensions were improved and dental care was added to the players ' insurance plans. Players	Players	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
This second effort, though more versatile, was also a substantial disadvantage because it was less efficient and often	often	ADV	too	ADV	 too
In the course of those operational training evolutions, she rescued a pilot and crewman who survived the crash of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Elsewhere, elements of the 1st and 2nd Battalions, US 187 RCT successfully linked up at Sunchon that afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For the morning of 11 June, Admiral Miklos Horthy planned a major assault on the Otranto Barrage; the	the	DET	three	NUM	 three
The large circulation of Isabel dropped moderate rainfall across the area, peaking at 4.51 inches (115 mm)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Young Grossmith's sketches at this time included The Puddleton Penny Readings, Our Choral Society and In the Stalls	Stalls	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Wright soon began implementing a plan to have two groups of white sailors load ammunition in rotation with black	black	ADJ	sailors	NOUN	 sailors
PHC adds new facilities and programs only as funds are available. The Home School Legal Defense Association is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Since 2005, the SFA have supported the use of Scottish Gaelic on the national team's strip in recognition	recognition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
New research indicates that many white dwarfs — at least in certain types of galaxies — may not approach that	that	DET	limit	NOUN	 limit
By August, the fighting had ended and Adachi had been defeated. MacArthur accelerated his timetable yet again in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Around 1400, the destroyer Sazanami returned to the scene and rescued only 203 survivors, the rest of her	her	PRON	crew	NOUN	 crew
Greg McElroy set an all time Alabama record by completing 14 consecutive pass attempts and was 18 – 24 for	for	ADP	241	NUM	 241
An Ottoman counterattack on 10 August, led by Mustafa Kemal, swept these two battalions from the heights.	.	PUNCT	Of	ADP	 Of
Saadiq and Brungardt both liked to layer multiple instruments and, prior to recording, had contemplated techniques such as	as	ADP	sampling	VERB	 sampling
However, when his white Celtics teammate Frank Ramsey asked whether he hated him, Russell claimed to be misquoted	misquoted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Hyderabad Lancers had twelve men killed in action, four died as a result of their wounds, seven	seven	NUM	were	AUX	 were
The cairn had been left there just six hours before, when the three men had returned to the hut	hut	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the nucleus, the exosome is required for the correct processing of several small nuclear RNA molecules. Finally	Finally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It is the third installment in the Ratchet & Clank series and was released in North America on November 3	3	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Cliff gives him an amount of money representing a generous monthly salary for a " regular person ". He	He	PRON	then	ADV	 then
In addition to domestic uses, commercially extracted turf is used in a number of industries, especially electricity generation	generation	NOUN	though	SCONJ	 though
Tomlinson removed the references to Mandela in the British edition of the book, conceding that Mandela was probably unaware	unaware	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Nevertheless, she considered the second story as enjoyable as the first. Mary Stuart thought the final conflict with	with	ADP	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
Gretel searches for Hansel in the forest but is attacked by Sheriff Berringer and his posse. The men capture	capture	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The weapons M.E.R.F. agents use while fighting Timmy are similar to those used by the Men in Black. At	At	ADP	Dimmsdale	PROPN	 Dimmsdale
In the city, all schools under the National Education System (government education institution category), are managed	managed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Her aircraft complement consisted of 18 Zeros, 18 D3As, and 18 B5Ns. Also aboard were 3 A6Ms	A6Ms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They were a matriarchial society that lived in stockaded villages of large longhouses. Their numbers were greatly reduced by	by	ADP	disease	NOUN	 disease
Other species do not develop this disorder because their Mups do not bind that particular chemical. Accordingly, when	when	SCONJ	transgenic	ADJ	 transgenic
One of the roads, State Road 6, followed a route from Spokane to the Canadian border. The	The	DET	road	NOUN	 road
In Applewhite's view, sexuality was one of the most powerful forces that bound humans to their bodies and	and	CCONJ	thus	ADV	 thus
The former disbanded at Richmond on 9 March 1953, re forming the next day from No. 30 Transport	Transport	PROPN	Unit	PROPN	 Unit
Following the 1991 independence of Slovenia, the building's interior has been refurbished several times to suit the desideratum	desideratum	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 10th Light Horse was concentrated at Claremont, Western Australia, before departing for the Middle East on the	the	DET	transport	NOUN	 transport
Filming for Lone Survivor was scheduled to start on September 15, 2012. Principal photography commenced in October 2012	2012	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
" Frontman Matthew Bellamy confirmed that their 2015 album, Drones, " does indeed include the sequel to fan	fan	PROPN	favourite	ADJ	 favourite
Thompson belongs to a group of highly decorated British actresses including Judi Dench, Kate Winslet and Helena Bonham Carter	Carter	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
He then signed with the Dubuque, Iowa club of the Class B Western Association. In 15 games,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Kubera is also called Guhyadhipa (" Lord of the hidden "). The Atharvaveda calls him the "	"	PUNCT	god	PROPN	 god
In simple animals this may just be a coat of glycoproteins. In more advanced animals, many glands are	are	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
Before the race, Jimmie Johnson led the Drivers ' Championship with 5,575 points, with Carl Edwards in second	second	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The controls were designed to give more realistic movement to characters. Characters can dash, bob and weave in	in	ADP	all	DET	 all
The worship of Revanta is closely associated with Saura, cult of Surya. Often, scriptures like Vishnudharmottara Purana	Purana	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Reviews favoured the painting, which also stimulated plays, poems, performances and a children's book. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Costumes were designed by John Harkrider. In his opening night review for the New York Times, Brooks Atkinson	Atkinson	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Slava was built by the Baltic Works at Saint Petersburg. She was laid down on 1 November 1902,	,	PUNCT	launched	VERB	 launched
Although Clovis points have been found with Columbian mammoth remains at several sites, archaeologists disagree about whether the finds	finds	NOUN	represent	VERB	 represent
Steve is an amazing actor. " Lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret agreed to close their store to the public	public	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" In May 1925, he was arrested as the instigator of a murder. He was able to be	be	AUX	released	VERB	 released
It extends 800 kilometres (500 mi) from the northwest to the southeast and is 200 kilometres (120	120	NUM	mi	ADJ	 mi
Often called " splash cups ", the fruiting bodies are adapted for spore dispersal by using the kinetic energy	energy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The show started with a video intro called " The Heart " where Gaga played an alternate persona called Candy	Candy	PROPN	Warhol	PROPN	 Warhol
He negotiated the Concordat of 1801 with the Catholic Church, which sought to reconcile the mostly Catholic population to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
There had been little commercial pressure to upgrade Concorde due to a lack of competing aircraft, unlike other airliners	airliners	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She competed again at the Men's World Straight Pool Championship in 2007 but lost to Warren Kiamco in the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
The prevalence of chronic HBV infection in areas of high endemicity is at least 8% with 10 – 15	15	NUM	%	NOUN	%
His political career began in earnest in 1869 when he was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives. In	In	ADP	1871	NUM	 1871
To solve an issue in which body movement resulted in awkward movement of clothing, runtime helpers were implemented.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Lady Redbush and the jester immediately depart for Quahog on one of the slave ships. In Quahog, Griffin	Griffin	PROPN	Peterson	PROPN	 Peterson
Seattle, on the other hand, had only had two winning seasons since the franchise began play in 1977	1977	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
In contrast to P2 receptors (agonist order ATP> ADP> AMP> ADO), purinergic nucleoside triphosphates	triphosphates	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Whereas the shorter mizzen stepped in the hold on the keelson instead of the lower deck would make the standing	standing	ADJ	mizzen	NOUN	 mizzen
According to Dave Pindara, one of lead artists for Mortal Kombat, environments were developed to create active objects	objects	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
To spur pre order game sales, Namco Bandai collaborated with several retail outlets to provide a special edition version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the late 1950s Covent Garden was gradually abandoning its policy of productions in the vernacular; such stars as	as	ADP	Maria	PROPN	 Maria
The phenomenon also inspired several rock and pop music hits. As early as 1997, " A Certain Shade	Shade	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Before Müncheberg arrived in France, he stopped in Rome where he received the Gold Medal of Military Valour from	from	ADP	Mussolini	PROPN	 Mussolini
Through this, the brony community has encountered ridicule through trolling on internet forums, not only from its inception	inception	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Initially, MacB went into administration half way through the season, and was replaced by legal company Just Employment	Employment	PROPN	Law	PROPN	 Law
In an approximation known as ideal magnetohydrodynamics, plasma particles only move along the magnetic field lines. As a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
Ryukishi07 played Key's games as a reference, among other visual novels, and analyzed them to figure out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
A number of physical and behavioural abnormalities were detected but the only consistent finding in all 23 animals was a	a	DET	short	ADJ	 short
" The novelist Henry James, visiting in 1884, was similarly impressed; he described the Pont du Gard	Gard	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The recorded take was split in two to make up the first and last quarters of the track, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Burnt Store Road was constructed of gravel starting in 1930 and was completed by 1933. At MD 231's	's	PART	western	ADJ	 western
In 2015, the YBI was the top University Associated Incubator in North America, and came in second to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
A " proven leader of men ", he spoke no Serbo Croatian but quickly gained the lasting respect and	and	CCONJ	affection	NOUN	 affection
Between the second and third Macedonian wars Rome faced further conflict in the region due to a tapestry of shifting	shifting	VERB	rivalries	NOUN	 rivalries
The blend on premium gasoline was kept at 25% upon request by ANFAVEA, the Brazilian association of automakers	automakers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Marshal Bagramyan was awarded with numerous Soviet and foreign orders and medals for his service, including two Orders of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On September 22, 2011, Bulkypix released a special 20th anniversary edition for the iPhone / iPad, featuring	featuring	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Game Informer praised the game's audacity and competent technical capabilities, stating " it's a frightening premise	premise	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The duo of Hardcastle and Cage were known as Hard Impact before changing their name to The Suicide Blondes.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The part of the Patrician of Ankh Morpork, Havelock Vetinari, was not revealed until the premiere of The	The	DET	Colour	PROPN	 Colour
The wild scenes at the airport caused the British Prime Minister, being chauffeured in the vicinity, to be	be	AUX	delayed	VERB	 delayed
When the Czech demand was rejected by the Poles, the Czechs decided to resolve the issue by force.	.	PUNCT	Czech	ADJ	 Czech
On 17 January 1940 the Poles found the first Enigma key to be solved in France, one for 28	28	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
The data contained in the ENA can be accessed manually or programmatically via REST URL through the ENA browser.	.	PUNCT	Initially	ADV	 Initially
Gaddafi's corpse was placed in the freezer of a local market alongside the corpses of Yunis Jabr and Mutassim	Mutassim	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Elamite invaders then toppled the third Dynasty of Ur and the population declined to about 200,000; it had stabilized	stabilized	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The buildings were burned to contain the smallpox epidemic. Following the trail, they found the remaining 17 residents	residents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They enlisted drummer Clive Deamer, best known for his work with Portishead and Get the Blessing, to help	help	VERB	perform	VERB	 perform
In 1972, John W. Paden again described the anamorph, but like Molliard, failed to give a complete	complete	ADJ	description	NOUN	 description
The players refused to practice, though they worked out on their own on Friday. They then flew to	to	ADP	Buffalo	PROPN	 Buffalo
" Before starting a verse, Wallace sometimes used onomatopoeic vocables to " warm up " (for example "	"	PUNCT	uhhh	ADJ	 uhhh
It was the centre of superstitious rites in Brittany for centuries and became an object of a pagan veneration.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Though it explicitly extended the first two laws of planetary motion (applied to Mars in Astronomia nova) to	to	ADP	all	DET	 all
One Ranger was subsequently killed, the company's first fatality since its formation. Cummings and 2nd Platoon advanced	advanced	VERB	800	NUM	 800
A few studies have suggested that total dietary fat intake is linked to an increased risk of obesity and diabetes	diabetes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965. After 1968, his	his	PRON	political	ADJ	 political
However, in 1914, fearing that the cracks might lengthen during the long train ride, the city installed	installed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Any removal of rent restrictions would be wildly unpopular. Chamberlain introduced a Housing Act in April 1923 that provided	provided	VERB	subsidies	NOUN	 subsidies
The political figures who cite Rand as an influence are usually conservatives (often members of the United States Republican	Republican	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
Both performances were commended by Independent journalist Hugh Montgomery; in a review of 2009's television, Montgomery named	named	VERB	Nesbitt	PROPN	 Nesbitt
The depositions hearing was finally set for 18 June, with a brief court appearance on 18 April. This	This	DET	date	NOUN	 date
Ferdinand abandoned the city and fled back to Apulia. Near Troia, he met Skanderbeg's ambassador, Gjokë	Gjokë	PROPN	Stres	PROPN	 Stres
In the parallel universe, Fauxlivia (Anna Torv) is returned home by her mother Marilyn (Amy Madigan	Madigan	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Mike Heika of The Dallas Morning News also believed that the league should be stricter in handing out fines and	and	CCONJ	suspensions	NOUN	 suspensions
At the year end Hot Dance Singles Sales recap, " Nothing Fails / Nobody Knows Me " was at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
It turned out to be his only goal of the season as Charles played most of the season at left	left	ADJ	back	ADV	 back
Lower grade officials on the county and prefectural levels performed the necessary duties of administration such as collecting taxes,	,	PUNCT	overseeing	VERB	 overseeing
During the war the bulk of the Russian Pacific Fleet was located in Port Arthur where it was blockaded by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The culmination of multiple years of debate and planning after the failure of the Meech Lake and Charlottetown constitutional accords	accords	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Syro was also featured at number 6 on Dazed's " top 20 albums of 2014 " and number 8	8	NUM	on	ADP	 on
A set of poorly described, Eocene (56 – 34 Mya) teeth resembling those of this species are	are	AUX	known	VERB	 known
While researching for the film, director Luthria and screenwriter Aroraa found little material in film magazines of that period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
From there, the book contains her experiences as the voice of Bart. After three seasons of shorts,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
247Cm has the longest lifetime among isotopes of curium (1.56 × 107 years), but is not formed	formed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A cameo appearance by Gemini Ganesan was his last film appearance before his death in March 2005. The technical	technical	ADJ	departments	NOUN	 departments
Since FOC ships have no real nationality, they are beyond the reach of any single national seafarers ' trade	trade	NOUN	union	NOUN	 union
Princess Victoria grew to hate Conroy over the oppressive system and he was unpopular among the British Royal Family.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
However, at the final table, the three final contestants elected to chop chips at €420,000 and leave	leave	VERB	€	SYM	 €
He came to Karnataka in 1098 AD and lived here until 1122 AD. He first lived in Tondanur and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
273). He states that since he dislikes the way that people are mispronouncing English, he will spell	spell	VERB	words	NOUN	 words
In the 1980s, the Bulgarian wine industry was largely driven and introduced to the international wine market by the	the	DET	success	NOUN	 success
He took a total of 2 / 84 and scored 29 as the Ranji champions prevailed. He struggled in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
These two one sided victories by the West Indies became known as " blackwashes ". By contrast, the	the	DET	English	ADJ	 English
When people were asked the same question in a Scottish renewables study conducted in 2010, 78% agreed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The software also calculated the fireball's instantaneous apparent magnitude at the ground. The computation started and ended with	with	ADP	heights	NOUN	 heights
Edward's will was set aside and Mary became queen, deposing Lady Jane Grey. During Mary's reign	reign	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Previously, the Galápagos tortoise was considered to belong to the genus Geochelone, known as ' typical tortoises '	'	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
According to coin dealer and author Q. David Bowers, " the Citizens ' Committee... wisely ignored Fraser's	's	PART	criticism	NOUN	 criticism
The player is then given the option of either starting the next bloodline as they do when defeated, or	or	CCONJ	resetting	VERB	 resetting
Not One Less portrays the mass media as a locus of power: Wei discovers that only someone with money	money	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The budget raised the threshold on the payroll tax exemption from $1 million to $1.2 million. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
For example, the Lansing campus includes Sparrow Hospital and McLaren – Greater Lansing Hospital. The College of Human	Human	PROPN	Medicine	PROPN	 Medicine
Over a week later, against Duquesne, Frazier recorded a career high 13 assists, powering a 9 point	point	NOUN	victory	NOUN	 victory
Released in July, the Beatles ' second film, Help!, was again directed by Lester. Described	Described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In a review of the Syfy channel series Eureka, Boston Globe critic Matthew Gilbert compared the series to Psych	Psych	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Committee to Protect Journalists sent a letter to President Suharto that demanded a full investigation into Udin's death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Their theatrical work culminates in the eighth group with the performance of one act plays the students write and direct	direct	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
Colonel Thornton's trip was approved and he travelled to Stockholm toward the end of April. Thornton spent two	two	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Piano Collections Final Fantasy XIII is a soundtrack album of Final Fantasy XIII, containing a selection of piano arrangements	arrangements	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The University Ranking by Academic Performance uses citation data obtained from Thomson Reuters ' Web of Science to rank universities	universities	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
They had a beam of 29.02 meters (95 ft 3 in) and a draft of 9.08 meters (	(	PUNCT	29	NUM	29
When he asks her about her contradicting stands in life, she responds by saying that is the way she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Riya has suffered a number of untimely incidents. During the filming of Shaadi No. 1 in France,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
The company was in negotiations with a publisher in the early part of 2009, letting that publisher decide when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" While Charleston Daily Mail's Kevin McDonough reported that Madonna appearing on Will & Grace was " clearly a	a	DET	reprise	NOUN	 reprise
It is sounded during the first two measures by Hendrix playing a B♭ on guitar against an E played	played	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Preservation of Elephanta Island as a whole with its monuments has been ensured both through legislation and by physical restoration	restoration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It found its final form in 1561, when he was working in the Colegio de San Gregorio. Originally	Originally	ADV	planned	VERB	 planned
The Grand Duchy of Finland enjoyed wide autonomy within the Empire until the end of the 19th century, when	when	SCONJ	Russia	PROPN	 Russia
Still unfinished, the vehicle was entered in an SPL competition in 1997 at which a complaint was lodged against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Dixon Hill characters are also featured in the licensed novel, A Hard Rain. The episode first aired	aired	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Their visit was followed by those of many other prominent personalities throughout the next two centuries, including Queen Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Forest Service has an objective to maintain timber, range, water, recreation, and wildlife for multiple	multiple	ADJ	use	NOUN	 use
Ethologically, the human keeper of a cat may function as a sort of surrogate for the cat's mother	mother	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This route made it difficult for the officials of Glastonbury Abbey to transport produce from their outlying estates to the	the	DET	Abbey	PROPN	 Abbey
Members of the clergy decried the design as being too dissimilar from churches that already existed in England at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
During the 1923 season, Collins played 47 games (37 starts) and had the fifth highest caught stealing	stealing	VERB	percentage	NOUN	 percentage
The DVD for Air in Summer was later released on October 5, 2005 in Japan. Additionally, Air	Air	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
For these new lines, 32 SL95 low floor trams were delivered from 1996 to 2004, replacing all but	but	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was directed by Marvel Studios co president Louis D ’ Esposito, written by Eric Pearson, and music	music	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
This second perceived affront produced calls in Massachusetts for action against the Pequots. In August 1636 Governor Vane placed	placed	VERB	Endecott	PROPN	 Endecott
Time trial specialist Adriano Malori (Movistar Team) started soon after Cancellara crossed the finish line, but came	came	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Ever a sceptic, in his discussions with his biographer James Boswell, he said: Sir, I make	make	VERB	a	DET	 a
At this point Alonso and Vettel were running in fourth and fifth place. At the restart on lap 29	29	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to 1809, Low Fell was part of Gateshead Fell; itself a constituent part of the ancient County	County	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Her next stage appearance was with the English National Opera at the London Coliseum in 1989 where she played Mae	Mae	PROPN	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
He also wrote a Rip van Winkle sketch for Courtice Pounds and a one act musical drama, No.	.	NOUN	442	NUM	 442
Occasionally, they even bite each other; marbled newts seem more aggressive than crested newts. Males also frequently	frequently	ADV	disturb	VERB	 disturb
Óspakr was slain early in the campaign, after which Óláfr took control of the fleet and secured himself on	on	ADP	Mann	PROPN	 Mann
A New York Times report dated 10 December 1933 quoted a recent Fabian Society lecture in which Shaw had praised	praised	VERB	Hitler	PROPN	 Hitler
Critical response to " Stronger " was generally positive. Andy Strickland of Yahoo! Music described it as having	having	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Christgau named it the decade's best album in his ballot for the magazine. In 2012, Rolling Stone	Stone	PROPN	ranked	VERB	 ranked
They were also honored with the Radio Contraband Rock Radio Award for Album (American Capitalist) and Song of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In 1968, when the film was sold to ABC TV for television airings, the network noted that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
This was the last good camp spot before leaving the river and entering the waterless stretch between the North Platte	Platte	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" John Dudley's recantation of his Protestant faith before his execution delighted Queen Mary and enraged Lady Jane Grey	Grey	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The rescue mission itself, however, was not going as planned. Of the five motor launches attached to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The storm brought high winds and torrential rains that triggered landslides. Dozens of homes were damaged and many areas	areas	NOUN	newly	ADV	 newly
The day when Viswanathan returned and arrived at Chithralaya office, Kannadasan said, " Ennappa.. Viswanathaa... Velai	Velai	PROPN	kodu	NOUN	 kodu
Etty had for some time been musing on the possibility of a painting of Cleopatra, and took the opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	provided	VERB	 provided
The German fire was accurate from the beginning, but the British overestimated the range as the German ships blended	blended	VERB	into	ADP	 into
" iEnlive commended the album's bombastic approach, and asserted that it accurately embodied Miami's electronic music scene	scene	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Completely excavated nests showed no evidence of any winged queen residing within them. Some species have queens which are	are	AUX	subapterous	ADJ	 subapterous
He pleaded guilty, was fined $150, and had his Maine driver's license briefly suspended. Bush	Bush	PROPN	says	VERB	 says
At 16: 00 that same afternoon, Galland shot down a No. 611 Squadron Spitfire, but watching	watching	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Natives in the Middle Woodland period developed the Hopewell culture and may have been in Indiana as early as 200	200	NUM	BC	PROPN	 BC
Employees ' Entrance (1933) received the following review from Jonathan Rosenbaum: " As an attack on ruthless	ruthless	ADJ	capitalism	NOUN	 capitalism
Thus, they kept the trade of the Indian Ocean exclusively in their hands. In the Mediterranean trade,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In advertising and film, Howerton found success beyond the sideshow. During the 1930s, he was used as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It takes an average of six hours for the characteristic white regions to show up on a chest X ray	ray	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For example, H. peckii contains atromentin, a pigment with anticoagulant properties similar to heparin. Atromentin also possesses	possesses	VERB	antibacterial	ADJ	 antibacterial
It is the third installment in the Indiana Jones franchise. Harrison Ford reprises the title role and Sean Connery	Connery	PROPN	plays	VERB	 plays
On July 29, a van loaded with 300 kilograms (660 lb) of explosives went off in front	front	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They sit on opposite sides of the door, and Naomi admits that she does need somebody to love her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Following repairs the bridge was made available to the 27th British Commonwealth Brigade's light wheeled vehicles on 25 October	October	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These conditions quickened the assimilation of the Poles. Another cause of assimilation was the high rate of intermarriage.	.	PUNCT	Besides	SCONJ	 Besides
The surrender of the German garrisons of the Channel Islands was signed on 9 May 1945 aboard Bulldog. Redundant	Redundant	ADJ	after	ADP	 after
After the date of the writ of election and at least two clear days before nomination day, a candidate	candidate	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Homer and Marge had to cope with Bart, who was two years old at the time. Marge reveals	reveals	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The first strip, Casino Royale was published from 7 July 1958 to 13 December 1958 and was written by	by	ADP	Anthony	PROPN	 Anthony
Alberta's Industrial Heartland also extends beyond the CMA's northeastern boundary into a portion of Lamont County. The	The	DET	individual	ADJ	 individual
In ' Breakdown ', she demonstrates she can match the staccato, lite reggae phrasing of her guests,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
The genome of D. melanogaster was sequenced in 2000, reflecting the organism's important role in biological research.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
, de Mille a she had developed her comic performance in the role of Sylvie, with McCracken taking a	a	DET	comic	ADJ	 comic
Addison and Amanda abandon him, but Amanda returns after finding Jonas ' body. Addison finds a glass box	box	NOUN	housing	PROPN	 housing
A part of the 4th Flotilla throughout the war, U 70 sank 53 merchant ships with a combined gross	gross	ADJ	register	NOUN	 register
During this time, he also served as president of the 2nd Marine Division Association. While still a major	major	ADJ	general	NOUN	 general
In the Sunja area, the 17th Home Guard Regiment and a company of the 151st Brigade unsuccessfully attacked the	the	DET	ARSK	PROPN	 ARSK
Incumbent Democratic Representative Bobby Rush faced a primary challenge from Barack Obama. Rush defeated Obama 61 percent to 30	30	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
The Anglo Bavarian Brewery was built in the 1860s and still dominates the western parts of Shepton Mallet; fairly	fairly	ADV	nearby	ADV	 nearby
But everybody's [as well]. Obviously, there's a lot of comparisons to her real life	life	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
But officials notified her that she would not be allowed to vote unless she added “ Blackwell ” to her	her	PRON	signature	NOUN	 signature
Summer run fish generally spawn in longer, more inland rivers such as the Columbia River. Winter run fish	fish	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Chicago Tribune writer Greg Kot called it " an audacious, sometimes bewildering statement ". Jon Pareles of The	The	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The showpiece event was the final match of the 2006 – 07 season of Europe's premier cup competition,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1981, the second year of production, the composition of the medallions was changed; although the 90	90	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Macaulay ended the innings with five wickets for 64. Wisden commented that he bowled very finely in this match	match	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Harris alternated between Britain and France during the latter part of the war. He led No. 45 Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	over	ADP	 over
Garfield's hunch was correct. His ride became legendary, while Rosecrans ' error reignited criticism about his leadership	leadership	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1841 the line was extended to Preston by the Bolton and Preston Railway. The route northwards to Blackburn	Blackburn	PROPN	followed	VERB	 followed
He agreed to a smaller command, coming to lead a Thuringian contingent; he commented in a letter to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Eggs in nature typically hatch in 6 – 10 months, with the newly hatched shark measuring 10 – 12	12	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
During this period, a large number of educational and research institutions were founded in the city, making it	it	PRON	a	DET	 a
However, he decides to assist in the First Sino Japanese War as he had promised the Meiji Government.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
However, Quaker leaders and the proprietors had expressed great reservations about the Presbyterians ' drive to gain a charter	charter	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Each pom pom mount had its own director and there was also a height finder aft. Two 15 foot	foot	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
This prompted Downing Street to confirm that Brown had discussed a possible release with Gaddafi during the G8 summit in	in	ADP	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
In June 2002, the director of the lab announced that the original claim of the discovery of these two	two	NUM	elements	NOUN	 elements
The first vessel, Kaiserin und Königin Maria Theresia, was built as an enlarged version of the protected cruiser	cruiser	NOUN	Kaiserin	PROPN	 Kaiserin
The design took that of the Il 28 as a starting point, but had thin, mid mounted swept	swept	VERB	wings	NOUN	 wings
After Sarah arrives at Felix's apartment and explains to Tony that they are clones, he is unflustered.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
For propulsion, she had two shafts, twin diesel engines of 270 bhp (200 kW) for surface	surface	NOUN	running	VERB	 running
Critics compared Angie to Betty Applewhite (Alfre Woodard), a character whose lagging storyline was slow in developing	developing	VERB	during	ADP	 during
The son of Edmund Dudley, a minister of Henry VII executed by Henry VIII, John Dudley became the	the	DET	ward	NOUN	 ward
It was Manchester United's third European Cup final after 1968 and 1999, while it was Chelsea's first	first	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The remainder of the Atlantic coast escaped the major storms, although some regions were affected by the remnants of	of	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
In 1968, Milne finished 24th in both the downhill and slalom events, Australia's best result in a	a	DET	skiing	NOUN	 skiing
In just two games with the Diamond Jaxx, Fister went 1 – 0 and gave up no earned runs	runs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Nocturne No 7 in C♯ minor, Op 74 (1898) The seventh nocturne departs from the A	A	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
He told Charles Schulz he was not religious, but identified with the " alienated diaspora culture of Kafka and	and	CCONJ	Freud	PROPN	 Freud
As a result, powerful corporations had exerted control over Earth and the burgeoning space colonies. The Government Police	Police	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Americans supported Thi's removal as they regarded him as being soft on communism, and a " virtual	virtual	ADJ	warlord	NOUN	 warlord
Between the infantry were placed two lines, 72 squadrons of cavalry. The first line of foot was to	to	PART	pass	VERB	 pass
The local community set about raising funds to erect a purpose built mosque on the site. King Fahd of	of	ADP	Saudi	PROPN	 Saudi
I took several years of very highly structured dance classes for me to be able to control myself. "	"	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
One battery was emplaced during the war to defend the port of Zeebrugge in Occupied Flanders. The guns on	on	ADP	Helgoland	PROPN	 Helgoland
She remained there for four and a half years, mostly engaged on the suppression of the slave trade.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" It was up to the jury, she said, to decide what Jacobson meant when he said on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Small, privately owned hydroelectric projects have existed since the 1890s, but the large flood control and storage dams	dams	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Lindwall took 5 / 57 in the first innings, dismissing Watson, Milton, Colin Cowdrey, Trevor Bailey	Bailey	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After the song's premiere on Brown's MechanicalDummy.com website, " Crawl " made its official debut on the	the	DET	R	PROPN	 R
The book sets out a messianist metaphor of Poland as the " Christ of nations ". Described by Wyka	Wyka	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Other strategies such as universal screening at the age of 16 have also been suggested. The latter approach may	may	AUX	however	ADV	 however
The situation had changed, and the flight of eight German fighters engaged a mass of Soviet Yakovlev Yak 9	9	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
By the beginning of November, he was the top quarterback in the country according to some evaluators. He	He	PRON	ended	VERB	 ended
The aesthetically pleasing content is carefully selected by Brandywine's in house curator. Sixteen surround sound speakers sync harmoniously	harmoniously	ADV	to	ADP	 to
He spent time travelling between Bangkok and Phnom Penh, and while in Phnom Penh led efforts in opening FUNCINPEC	FUNCINPEC	PROPN	party	NOUN	 party
It was only in 2007 that trespassing on the palace grounds became a criminal offence. At the rear of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the stained glass was installed, the painting was moved to the ante chapel; it was moved to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, the avalanche failed to eliminate all the enemies, as Mulan catches sight of a small number of	of	ADP	surviving	VERB	 surviving
Long was the first offensive lineman who was a Michigan high school graduate selected to the first team by the	the	DET	FWAA	PROPN	 FWAA
Tanjung Lobang Beach is the oldest recreational park in Miri. It is a popular spot for watching sunsets.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The researchers felt it was premature to reorganise the classification of the complex until more study was undertaken. The	The	DET	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
At the 1963 convention of the newly formed East Coast Homophile Organizations, the audience heard a speaker named Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
The MTR was immediately popular with residents of Hong Kong; as a result, subsequent lines have been built	built	VERB	to	PART	 to
The duration is given as c. 28 minutes. In the following table of the movements, the scoring follows	follows	VERB	the	DET	 the
The political ban that had been placed on Wagner in Germany after he had fled Dresden was fully lifted in	in	ADP	1862	NUM	 1862
The conquest of Britain continued under the command of Gnaeus Julius Agricola, who expanded the Roman Empire as far	far	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Subsequently, strong upper level westerlies began affecting the storm, which caused a marked decrease in intensity; by	by	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
In the advertisement she stated that she " does not agree with the K Foundation's aims or methods "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" Sgt. Pepper was the first pop album to be mastered without the momentary gaps that are typically placed	placed	VERB	between	ADP	 between
DVT diagnosis requires the use of imaging devices such as ultrasound. Clinical assessments, which predict DVT likelihood,	,	PUNCT	can	AUX	 can
In Game 1 West scored 24 points before fouling out with three minutes left and L.A. won Game 1 with	with	ADP	115	NUM	 115
He continued to question whether the show would be able to last more than one season, but considered the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
The east sign depicts Tudor Revival architecture. Christ the King Church is located at 30 Lamarck Drive at Main	Main	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
This was one of the three races that formed the triple crown along with the English Greyhound Derby and Scottish	Scottish	PROPN	Greyhound	PROPN	 Greyhound
Most divided their belongings into 65 pounds (29 kg) packages that could be carried on a man's	's	PART	back	NOUN	 back
Butterflies can only fly when their temperature is above 27° C (81° F); when it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Kerry added two titles as a member of the 4 × 100 m medley and freestyle relay teams for New	New	PROPN	South	PROPN	 South
Infants become attached to adults who are sensitive and responsive in social interactions with the infant, and who remain	remain	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Titanium was discovered as an inclusion of a mineral in Cornwall, Great Britain, in 1791 by the clergyman	clergyman	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Peaking at number four and ten in Australia and the United Kingdom respectively, it was certified platinum by the	the	DET	Australian	PROPN	 Australian
In a subsequent review of the episode in an October 2013, Dyess Nugent again praised the sketch, writing	writing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Apart from the forts, the garrison itself was heavily expanded during the initial construction years and became the largest	largest	ADJ	garrison	NOUN	 garrison
Both the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) and Transport Canada conducted investigations on the accident. The RCMP	RCMP	PROPN	released	VERB	 released
After the Second World War there was a boom followed by a slump from which Wigan's textile industry did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Petrie stated that the writers hoped to " stir the pot " and " get people to think " with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Scales also cover the head, parts of the thorax and abdomen as well as parts of the genitalia.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In December 2008, it was confirmed Hamm would appear as a love interest for Fey's character, Liz	Liz	PROPN	Lemon	PROPN	 Lemon
A unique source for Jewish figurative painting under the Empire is the Dura Europos synagogue, dubbed " the Pompeii	Pompeii	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
That year Governor Ashbel P. Willard called the first special session of the General Assembly because they had been unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In the theaters, I think if they danced to it, it would be kind of cool. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Southern Railway was the most financially successful of the " Big Four ", but this was largely based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Horrocks continued to serve in the armed forces after the war, initially as GOC in Chief of Western Command	Command	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the first aria, the text " So schnell ein rauschend Wasser schießt " (As quickly as rushing	rushing	VERB	water	NOUN	 water
On the following lap, Newman became the leader, but after four laps, Gordon passed him for the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
The pipes were then cleaned by pulling a workman through the inside of them with cloths, and welded together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The influx of wealth and technology helped make the new Kingdom of Hawaii relatively strong, in political and economic	economic	ADJ	terms	NOUN	 terms
On 9 December 2012, Silva was welcomed at Aeroporto dos Confins by fans of Atlético Mineiro, returning to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Above Pentremalwed lock, the road was built over the canal bed, and all traces have gone. This	This	DET	road	NOUN	 road
Evidence for the continued existence of Christianity in eastern Britain at this time includes the survival of the cult of	of	ADP	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
The regional programme director for U.N. Women South Asia said, " There are rape cases in almost all cities	cities	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The episode received a mostly positive response from critics, who praised Joss Whedon's involvement and Richards ' performance	performance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The songs attracted mixed commentary, particularly the performance of " Time Warp ", which was given a grade	grade	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The river passes over weirs at Greenham, Tone and Nynehead, after which it is crossed by the aqueduct	aqueduct	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They presented both a threat to Allied shipping and an impediment to the movement of reinforcements through the Italian ports	ports	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The most contentious of Etty's 1835 RA exhibits was Venus and Her Satellites, a depiction of the Toilet	Toilet	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The UFA's submission, presented in Calgary by Gardiner, emphasized these points and accused the banks of charging	charging	VERB	predatory	NOUN	 predatory
Jerry was captured off New York late in 1777; he escaped from prison in Britain, and continued privateering	privateering	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
The player may take a short tutorial before beginning the adventure. Each planet offers a possible quest or challenge	challenge	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Bus. US 31 passes more businesses before entering a residential area. The business spur terminates at the intersection	intersection	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Two gold selling tribute albums have been released, Nativity in Black Volume 1 & 2, including covers by	by	ADP	Sepultura	PROPN	 Sepultura
Dr. Crusher, struggling against the effects of the ailment, finds the original antidote documented by Kirk's Enterprise	Enterprise	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Soon after taking office, Chamberlain instructed his ministers to prepare two year policy programmes. These reports were to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Martina came in second place to Usain Bolt, completing the event in 19.82 seconds over Usain Bolt's world	world	NOUN	record	NOUN	 record
The upper cofferdam was 96 ft (29 m) high, and 750 feet (230 m) thick	thick	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
This means that the binding of one substrate molecule affects the binding of subsequent substrate molecules. This behavior is	is	AUX	most	ADV	 most
" The couple battled over their differing beliefs until Vonnegut moved from their Cape Cod home to New York in	in	ADP	1971	NUM	 1971
By measuring the temperatures of the coolest of these white dwarfs and comparing them to their expected initial temperature,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
On the Cambridge Water Company's third claim, Kennedy was forced to consider the meaning of " non natural	natural	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Chief Rubin initially confirmed four fatalities (including the train operator) and 74 injuries, 14 of which were	were	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
The depths to which Turner and Meyszner's personal vendetta plunged is demonstrated by the fact that they could not	not	PART	agree	VERB	 agree
While acknowledging the validity of all faiths, in essence, his song words explicitly criticise the Pope and the	the	DET	perceived	VERB	 perceived
It is not simply grounded, as a much too innocent view might maintain, in the mixture of poetry	poetry	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ofcom advertises the licences of new digital radio ensembles and are subject to an open competition to the highest bidder	bidder	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Until Lennon's death in December 1980, " Instant Karma! " remained his sole RIAA certified gold single	single	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
A showcase for postmodern architecture, it also features the McCormick Tribune Ice Skating Rink, the BP Pedestrian Bridge	Bridge	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When Newsom was later appointed supervisor, he told the San Francisco Examiner: " That's the kind of	of	ADP	bureaucratic	ADJ	 bureaucratic
In contrast to " Audience ", the trilogy singles focused on hopelessness, a reflection of Hamasaki's disappointment	disappointment	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The film aired on various video on demand channels, before officially premiering in the United States on the Syfy	Syfy	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
In the episode, which takes place almost a year after the previous episode " A.A.R.M. ", present and	and	CCONJ	past	ADJ	 past
At the household level, AIDS causes both loss of income and increased spending on healthcare. A study in	in	ADP	Côte	PROPN	 Côte
The attacks are also briefly referred to in Benchley's novel White Shark (1994). The 1916 fatal	fatal	ADJ	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
The American historian Herbert P. Bix described the relationship between the general and the Emperor as: " Henceforth the	the	DET	Allied	ADJ	 Allied
Aided by orthographic lift from the Appalachian Mountains, the rainfall caused numerous reports of flood damage across the Southeast	Southeast	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A saros series lasts 1226 to 1550 years and 69 to 87 eclipses, with about 40 to 60 of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
They will upload and download data with Stanford's Folding @ home data servers (over port 8080, with	with	ADP	80	NUM	 80
CNN initially reported on the morning of 27 November 2008 that the hostage situation at the Taj had been resolved	resolved	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
His guitar playing utilizes a minimal, acoustic and sparse sound and space blended with the live percussion of drummer	drummer	NOUN	Chuck	PROPN	 Chuck
" Mary Godwin may have first met the radical poet philosopher Percy Bysshe Shelley in the interval between her two	two	NUM	stays	NOUN	 stays
Tecumseh launched an " impassioned rebuttal ", but Harrison was unable to understand his language. A Shawnee friendly	friendly	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
He criticized the " one dimensional " nature of Stewie's character, but was impressed by the amount of	of	ADP	story	NOUN	 story
Based in Tanzania, it aimed to overthrow the Ugandan government of Idi Amin. Rwigyema returned to Tanzania and	and	CCONJ	fought	VERB	 fought
During the years after Modell's move and the Browns ' suspension, a dozen new stadiums were built for	for	ADP	NFL	PROPN	 NFL
At the same time, TGS star Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) shares a dressing room with her co	co	NOUN	star	NOUN	 star
Adulterators were thus fined, imprisoned, and executed — by immolation. England was next to have its turn	turn	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Creditors forced a liquidation sale in 2004 and the Pakistani government claimed the proceeds because the home had been bought	bought	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Armor that was 6 in thick protected the secondary battery. The conning tower had 10 in (254 mm	mm	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Sometime before 1917, the Ashland Cotton Company erected a dam on the site and created the 145 acre reservoir	reservoir	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The lower casemate was above the belt, 218 feet (66.4 m) long and eight feet high,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Comparing the two, Marcus comments, " ' Chicago ' functioned in the lyric as a place as distant	distant	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The Germans were particularly dependent on foreign supplies of oil, coal, and grain. To safeguard Swedish iron	iron	NOUN	ore	NOUN	 ore
The Archbishop of Ohrid, Atanasije, after his movement had largely failed in Albania, was now in Rome	Rome	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He was runner up for the 2003 and 2004 FIFA World Player of the Year awards; in those two	two	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
During his stay in Hannover, Lee began to heal quickly, but after receiving advice from a fellow prisoner	prisoner	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" on it – a celebration which seemingly disputes the accuracy of newspaper reports. The day before the match	match	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After initial development, management of the program was turned over to the U.S. Navy Bureau of Ordnance in May	May	PROPN	1945	NUM	 1945
Tensions among the Flavian troops ran high, but as long as Galba and Otho remained in power, Vespasian	Vespasian	PROPN	refused	VERB	 refused
He was offered a contract, but rejected it and joined the Glenn Hoddle Academy in Spain on a two	two	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Titus assured Domitian that full partnership in the government would soon be his, but neither tribunician power nor imperium	imperium	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During World War I, the palace, then the home of King George V and Queen Mary, escaped	escaped	VERB	unscathed	ADJ	 unscathed
Despite this, viewership between the first and second half hour dropped, significantly. The episode received positive reviews	reviews	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Inkster is located in Metropolitan Detroit, east of both Ann Arbor and University of Michigan. Wheatley's father	father	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The base was transferred to Canadian control in 1960 and is now known as CFS St. John's. The	The	DET	Knights	PROPN	 Knights
In Namibia, Eline's rainfall contributed to the third wettest summer in 50 years, as well as the	the	DET	wettest	ADJ	 wettest
Initially, the programme was scheduled to begin on the occasion of Gudi Padwa, beginning of the New year	year	NOUN	according	VERB	 according
Hammett's and Hetfield's voices were used in three episodes of the animated television series Metalocalypse. Finnish cello	cello	NOUN	metal	NOUN	 metal
The state of Texas on the team's helmet was replaced by an arrowhead design originally sketched by Lamar Hunt	Hunt	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
It has also been caught at a depth of 330 – 381 m (1,083 – 1,250 ft) over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
King later stated that he enjoyed the episode and found it funny. In addition to the regular cast,	,	PUNCT	actor	NOUN	 actor
The Barnes demeanour in the field illustrated the general purposefulness of the Australians. However, Barnes received criticism for	for	ADP	this	DET	 this
He said that while the story could have focused more on the future city, " in the end,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Indians traded him to the White Sox in 1949, then the White Sox sent him to the Philadelphia	Philadelphia	PROPN	Athletics	PROPN	 Athletics
Moreover, Fadl too participated in this policy with Muhanna, albeit discreetly; the contemporary historian al Umari wrote	wrote	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
A bee fossil from the early Cretaceous (~ 100 mya), Melittosphex burmensis, is considered " an	an	DET	extinct	ADJ	 extinct
Because the tooth rows are deeply inset from the outside of the jaws, and because of other anatomical details	details	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Supersymmetry severely restricts the possible number of dimensions of a brane. In 1987, Eric Bergshoeff, Ergin Sezgin	Sezgin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Team GB was represented by two athletes in synchronised swimming, competing in the duet event. Team GB entered	entered	VERB	three	NUM	 three
Pretty in a flawed, accessible way. She doesn't stop the party when she walks in, but	but	CCONJ	you	PRON	 you
In 21 games (12 starts), Lieber compiled a 4 – 7 record, a 6.32 ERA,	,	PUNCT	45	NUM	 45
Triple H returned on the October 3 episode of Raw, WWE Homecoming, after a four month hiatus.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In the 1990s, 255 pounds (116 kg) of the annual phosphorus load of Harveys Lake came from	from	ADP	internal	ADJ	 internal
During the civil war, soldiers would put guns through holes in the windows and shoot at the school,	,	PUNCT	what	PRON	 what
Another £89,172 was spent to bring her up to the standards of the Royal Navy. In British service	service	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
In an interview with The Age, Suppression also said that Primary Colours's title refers to the way that	that	PRON	everything	PRON	 everything
Kerry found more success in the 100 m backstroke, winning his heat in 57.99 s to qualify third fastest	fastest	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
More than 16,000 rounds of M60 ammunition had been fired during the fighting, along with 6,000 rounds of M16	M16	PROPN	ammunition	NOUN	 ammunition
The campus is situated in Goffstown, New Hampshire, with a portion of the athletic fields occupying the adjoining	adjoining	ADJ	town	NOUN	 town
After going 25 – 2 in his first two years of college baseball, he was drafted in the 30th	30th	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
Further investigations were instigated by the ' Royal Commission on the Poor Laws and Relief of Distress 1905 09 '	'	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Phil Klemmer, another of the series ' writers, thought of the episode's title. Both writers knew	knew	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Barbauld's poetry, which addresses a wide range of topics, has been read primarily by feminist literary critics	critics	NOUN	interested	ADJ	 interested
In spite of his defeat of Callaghan's force, Abe ordered his warships to retire without bombarding Henderson Field	Field	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Experiments were also made with various diesel and petrol railcars for use smaller branch lines, with the DERM being	being	AUX	the	DET	 the
His monks became upset at this renewal of their exploitation and sent Thomas, along with other monks, to	to	PART	appropriate	VERB	 appropriate
Prior to the Battle of the Bulge, the U.S. Army was engaged in a campaign to attack the Roer	Roer	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
The social mix is similar to the national norm: around 50% are in the ABC1 social category,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Burns suggests that the wedding took place in Melbourne rather than Adelaide because Crawford may have been avoiding his creditors	creditors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Two days before the season finale, on December 20, 1996, Kotite announced his resignation effective at season	season	NOUN	's	PART	's
The eight home runs that Bates hit and his 75 RBI became the highest of his career at any professional	professional	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
However, unlike Nataraja, Bhikshatana is not related to specific temples, but has become " part of the	the	DET	mythological	ADJ	 mythological
While energy is being lost on destroying the food, a competitive advantage is given to the individual due to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
His vocal works include hymns, folk song arrangements and large scale choral pieces. He wrote eight works for	for	ADP	stage	NOUN	 stage
During that time, she destroyed railway bridges and a small shipyard while conducting call fire missions on enemy command	command	NOUN	posts	NOUN	 posts
The next day, the Gruppe took off heading for the airspace south of Rosières where they engaged a formation	formation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tadeusz Rejtan was born on 20 August 1742 in Hruszówka (now, Hrushauka, Belarus) (date as	as	SCONJ	given	VERB	 given
Built around The Dave Brubeck Quartet's " Take Five " and Fred Wesley's " Same Beat ",	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The hurricane warning associated with Hurricane Richard remained in place for the east coast of Belize as landfall was occurring	occurring	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Welfare programs for the needy are managed by more than 30 public agencies alongside semi state organizations known as bonyads	bonyads	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
) The hunger worsened when expected supplies were not available when they reached the Green River. Three days later	later	ADV	wagons	NOUN	 wagons
The visual novel also inspired a pachinko slot machine produced by Sammy. The pachinko slot adaptation, named Pachislot	Pachislot	PROPN	To	ADP	 To
Clemons added that he was surprised for " getting paid for this. I would have done it for free	free	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Beyoncé then slow winds to " Party " as the crowd swayed their arms back and forth and stretched out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several references are made to the 1980s police drama Hill Street Blues: the briefing scene at the police station	station	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Taking advantage of improved conditions in the stock market in mid 2009, UBS placed US $3.5 billion of	of	ADP	shares	NOUN	 shares
While they thought it was possible the base might be attacked while the camp was being prepared, they thought	thought	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Riverwind is played as a non player character (NPC) by the Dungeon Master. Tika Waylan makes her	her	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Song may accompany daily tasks, provide entertainment, preserve history or communicate social and political messages. Music is	is	AUX	likewise	ADV	 likewise
On land, a station in Hong Kong recorded a pressure of about 1,000.0 hectopascals (29.53 inHg) as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The centrepiece is a 15 metre interactive table that enables visitors to access digitised material, particularly from the Churchill	Churchill	PROPN	Archives	PROPN	 Archives
Soon after his death, Hilde Dawson moved to Lethbridge. Upon her death on June 15, 1987,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
The 92nd Motorised Regiment kampfgruppe consisted of two columns, a western column based on the 92nd Motorised Regiment,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Lee was unaware that the police had already recommended that both he and " Inglis " should be court	court	NOUN	martialled	VERB	 martialled
The film opened second in the weekend rankings behind Maleficent, with an intake of $4.5 million. As	As	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Espinoza remarked, " I wanted to let him enjoy his race, " later adding, " I wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
The division is visually striking and the difference in crowd noise levels from one end of the stadium to the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
These duties lasted until early 1805, with Loring being superseded by Captain John Cooke on 24 April. In	In	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
There, around 5,000 homes were destroyed with another 25,000 damaged, with 10,000 people left homeless in and around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
As with other Fringe episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school	school	NOUN	children	NOUN	 children
Mikołaj Rej, a Polish Renaissance poet and moralist, included the earliest known Polish recipe for pickled beetroots in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Jews do not agree with this statement. Historically, Muslim scholars have interpreted this verse as referring to a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Founded and sponsored by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Peace in 1925, the hospital has grown to become	become	VERB	a	DET	 a
Vidler said he found the performance so powerful that when he first watched the rushes of the scene alone,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Situated on Glynwood Gardens and Southend Road, the schools were later merged; Glynwood School survives as the sole	sole	ADJ	educational	ADJ	 educational
Her mission was cancelled and she returned to Pearl Harbor a week later. After a few days, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
A PlayStation Network version was released in June 2010, due to consumer demand generated by the game's original	original	ADJ	announcement	NOUN	 announcement
The Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul was released on October 15, 1966 on the Stax label and peaked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Later, his actor playwright theatre manager son was credited as George Grossmith " Jr " rather than " III	III	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
Whatever the meaning, Ganoga Lake is the source of the branch of Kitchen Creek that flows through Ganoga Glen	Glen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Treatment at this stage limits further progression but has only slight effect on damage which has already occurred. One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Later that evening, Elizabeth sees Lakha meeting with her brother. She races to the village and informs Bhuvan	Bhuvan	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Radcliffe's closest railway connection therefore remained several miles distant at Stoneclough. The opening of the Manchester, Bury	Bury	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" I was a skinny kid. They could have crushed me in an instant, " he stated.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Although Badrinath is located in North India, the head priest, or Rawal, is traditionally a Nambudiri Brahmin	Brahmin	PROPN	chosen	VERB	 chosen
Biman Bangladesh Airlines was established on 4 January 1972 as Bangladesh's national airline under the Bangladesh Biman Ordinance (	(	PUNCT	Presidential	PROPN	Presidential
The faintness of the accretion disc of an X ray binary during quiescence is suspected to be caused by the	the	DET	flow	NOUN	 flow
Twenty to twenty five individuals are known for this species, including seven skulls with at least some of the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
Now free, Tigh resorts to escalating their efforts, by planning suicide bombings against the Cylons and any human	human	ADJ	collaborators	NOUN	 collaborators
However, according to the FMS, the system retained gale force winds through December 2, by which time	time	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
Today Navenby remains part of the North Kesteven district. Before the 1832 Reform Act, Lincolnshire sent twelve members	members	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Many of the buildings are now hotels and shops whilst some remain as private residences. North Parade Bridge was	was	AUX	built	VERB	 built
She was initially popular at Hamilton College, but she felt that she was disrespected after her association with Clonaid	Clonaid	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Performing actions that are villainous gradually change the logo so that the red bird dominates the other, with the	the	DET	opposite	ADJ	 opposite
Four tracks from Final Fantasy XIV (" Navigator's Glory ", " Twilight Over Thanalan ", "	"	PUNCT	Primal	PROPN	 Primal
Boyle, who " hated sentiment and cello ", told Rahman to " never put a cello in my	my	PRON	film	NOUN	 film
In the next match, he took 4 / 72 and 3 / 85 as West defeated North by 178	178	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
Alice was the first of Queen Victoria's nine children to die, and one of three to be outlived	outlived	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Pinacocytes, plate like cells, form a single layered external skin over all other parts of the mesohyl that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Enderlin cut a final few seconds from the end, during which Muhammad appears to lift his hand away from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
With the referee down, Daniels attacked Styles and performed his signature maneuver the Angel's Wings. Then grabbed	grabbed	VERB	the	DET	 the
In Portugal, Queen Luisa de Guzmán imprisoned Mendes de Vasconcelos for his failure to capture Badajoz. News of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Lieutenant Colonel of Volunteers L. Henry Carpenter arrived at Camp Nelson, Kentucky on October 1, 1864. The	The	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
In 1839, Heliade also translated Miguel de Cervantes ' Don Quixote from a French source. The first collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Almost three months later, he surpassed Brendan Morrison's Canucks record of 534 consecutive games played in a 5	5	NUM	–	SYM	 –
It expands upon Ajay's escape from the Durgesh prison and return to the Golden Path, and on Yuma	Yuma	PROPN	's	PART	's
Examination of Bob's mobile phone leads Vidya and Rana to an IP address sending instructions to kill her.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
More stonework was given away by Mary I in the 16th century for building a mansion at nearby Scawston in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
All along the 100 kilometre (62 mi) course of the Una and Sava rivers where the offensive was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
Conversely, if Stegosaurus could have raised itself on two legs, as suggested by Bakker, then it could	could	AUX	have	AUX	 have
The report stated that only when the following conditions are met, a migration from FM to DAB would begin	begin	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Since tabanids prefer to be in sunshine, they normally avoid shaded places such as barns, and are inactive	inactive	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
He noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while	while	SCONJ	breathing	VERB	 breathing
The town's football club, Chatteris Town, was founded in 1920 and currently play in the Kershaw Premier	Premier	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
At dawn he gave up, and headed for one of the alternative hiding places. Kelly's PT 34	34	NUM	was	AUX	 was
In Naselle, the South Fork merges with the Naselle River, which the roadway crosses over three times before	before	ADP	terminating	VERB	 terminating
The species produces moderately sized, sturdy mushrooms of a reddish orange colour. The cap, which can measure	measure	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Since 2011, Dacia offers the Logan MCV with an 1.6l 16v flexfuel engine. Ireland is the third best	best	ADJ	seller	NOUN	 seller
When they joined the expedition, they expected that the British forces would do most of the fighting. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In 1839, United States Secretary of War Joel Roberts Poinsett declared the land between Randolph Street and Madison Street	Street	PROPN	east	PROPN	 east
A new M16 HBAR variant, the XM106, was developed in 1978, and soon after, Heckler &	&	CCONJ	Koch	PROPN	 Koch
Other bypasses opened in the 1980s and 1990s and created the last two business loops. The 2002 extension of	of	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
Some of these introductions have been deliberate; the ring necked pheasant, for example, has been introduced around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Guralnick relates that fans " were becoming increasingly voluble about their disappointment, but it all seemed to go	go	VERB	right	ADV	 right
The new chronology is inconsistent with the " inclination " theory of the 100,000 year cycle. The establishment of	of	ADP	leads	NOUN	 leads
Wilson enlisted in the Maryland National Guard as a private in 1916 and served with it on the Mexican border	border	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
American, which was lightly damaged by the collision, reversed her engine to back out of the tangle while	while	SCONJ	West	PROPN	 West
In the East, the Syrian and Alexandrian fleets are known from legal sources to have still existed in ca	ca	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
The Oklahoma City suburb Nichols Hills is first on Oklahoma locations by per capita income at $73,661, though	though	SCONJ	Tulsa	PROPN	 Tulsa
Feral cats are capable of taking seabirds as large as albatrosses, and many introduced rodents, such as the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
The elected body of Students ' council coordinates all the student activities in the campus. IIM Lucknow has achieved	achieved	VERB	100	NUM	 100
However, Finland upset the Soviets 2 – 1 and won silver. The IIHF decided to change the tournament	tournament	ADJ	format	NOUN	 format
Bilson grew up in a California show business family, made her television debut in 2003, and then landed	landed	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, the palace is far more than a tourist attraction and museum: it remains a fully working palace	palace	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mendoza also said, " The claustrophobia of The Box contributes to the palpable tension. The Baltimore Sun television	television	NOUN	critic	NOUN	 critic
Erin Ryan went to University of California's Hastings School of Law, afterward working until 1992 as an intelligence	intelligence	NOUN	analyst	NOUN	 analyst
With two seconds to play, the clock was stopped to move the chains. With no timeouts left,	,	PUNCT	Leaf	PROPN	 Leaf
The ices that formed the Jovian planets were more abundant than the metals and silicates that formed the terrestrial planets	planets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As explained by Peter J. Spiro, " In the long run, Afroyim's vision of an absolute right	right	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This was a common pattern in Anglo Saxon England, as the more powerful kingdoms absorbed their weaker neighbours.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
The episode was written by Ian Brennan, directed by Eric Stoltz and first aired in the United States on	on	ADP	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
Yorktown's dive bombers disabled Shōkaku's flight deck with two hits and Lexington's aircraft were only able to	to	PART	further	ADV	 further
In 2015, Anderson directed a 54 minute documentary, Junun, about the making of an album of the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
It was presided over by Judge Joseph Gary. Judge Gary displayed open hostility to the defendants, consistently ruled	ruled	VERB	for	ADP	 for
They again finished pool runners up in 1991 but recovered to beat France in their quarter final, and then	then	ADV	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
The two routes overlap to the north and west for 2.1 miles (3.4 km). After another 3.5	3.5	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
" Pete Cashmore of NME described Alicia Keys's cameo as " lusty bellowing ". Martin Andrew of PopMatters	PopMatters	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Other principal Gravel positions were the FairTax, withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq within 120 days, a single	single	ADJ	payer	NOUN	 payer
If a laser beam is swept quickly across a distant object, the spot of light can move faster than	than	ADP	c	NOUN	 c
Mirkin suggested Maggie Simpson as the culprit because he felt it was funnier and wanted the culprit to be a	a	DET	family	NOUN	 family
The gills are adnate (fused to the stem), and distantly spaced, with about 15 – 19	19	NUM	gills	NOUN	 gills
Michigan posted a 20 – 5 – 1 record during Wistert's three years on the team. In 1940	1940	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in Europe and North America. The tour started along with the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The first public passenger timetable was issued in December 1866, and the first purpose built, steam worked,	,	PUNCT	narrow	ADJ	 narrow
The musical style of Slipknot is constantly contested due to the genres their music covers, however Mate. Feed	Feed	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The majority of the hostages were embassy staff — predominantly Iranian nationals, but several British employees were also captured	captured	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
McCall praised the wide range of audio in the game, including its voice acting and soundtrack; he heralded	heralded	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ended up each song turned into one long jam. I think we were, at times, all in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
LeDuc spent many years traveling between Florida and Tennessee, and he won belts in both locations as a singles	singles	NOUN	wrestler	NOUN	 wrestler
DiFiore's trumpet work originated with McCrea's desire for a second melodic instrument to go with a song he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
In 1988, brothers Rand and Robyn Miller were living apart in the United States. Robyn was taking a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
The episode included several other cultural references; the basic theme lampoons the commercialization of children's media products and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Throughout his film career, Willis has depicted several military characters in films such as The Siege, Hart's	's	PART	War	PROPN	 War
Its first single, " Krank ", hit No. 15 on the Billboard Singles chart, while its	its	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
Financial Times. Ren, Daniel; Lilian Zhang; Will Clem (11 June 2009). " Jiangsu	Jiangsu	PROPN	coast	NOUN	 coast
During 2009 and 2010 proposals to build a series of electricity pylons by one of two routes between Hinkley Point	Point	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This would ensure an inferior opponent for Chicago. The game was used to help prop up their win loss	loss	NOUN	percentage	NOUN	 percentage
It also set the stage for the love triangle between Kate, Sawyer, and Jack. The episode was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
The Wright brothers ' status as inventors of the airplane has been subject to counter claims by various parties.	.	PUNCT	Much	ADJ	 Much
The coins would have been widely used within the Danelaw and many single items have mainly been found in the	the	DET	east	NOUN	 east
The hammers were worn as a symbol of Norse pagan faith and as a symbol of opposition to Christianization;	;	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
By the middle of 1944, there were nearly 1,200 people working at the Radiation Laboratory. Much of the	the	DET	great	ADJ	 great
The writing staff felt that while Ben was immediately connected to Leslie and the other characters through his role in	in	ADP	eliminating	VERB	 eliminating
This approach is especially useful in the design of mechanical filters — these use mechanical devices to implement an electrical	electrical	ADJ	function	NOUN	 function
Other scent glands are found at the anus. The mole is about 16 cm (6.3 in) in	in	ADP	length	NOUN	 length
The club dropped to 14th spot in 1913 – 14, and only avoided relegation on the last day of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The match between Victoria and New South Wales was Barnes's chance to redeem himself. Wisden reported it thus	thus	ADV	:	PUNCT	:
Fear of being labelled a " snitch " or " rat " prevented her from going to the police.	.	PUNCT	None	NOUN	 None
Or proclaim himself a ' sharia judge '? ", and claimed that Choudary was " as unrepresentative of	of	ADP	British	ADJ	 British
Manchester's army returned to Lincolnshire and eventually moved into the south of England to take part in the Second	Second	PROPN	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
" In mid 1910 Barrymore met socialite Katherine Corri Harris, and the couple married in September that year.	.	PUNCT	Harris	PROPN	 Harris
Californium has also been used to produce other transuranium elements; for example, element 103 (later named lawrencium	lawrencium	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Principal photography for Avatar began in April 2007 in Los Angeles and Wellington, New Zealand. Cameron described the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Mikoyan spearheaded a project to produce a home cookbook, which would encourage a return to the domestic kitchen.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A northern origin is suggested by his name, a copy of one of his works in a Flemish manuscript	manuscript	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Robson appeared on The Today Show on May 16, 2013 to discuss the allegations. Robson told interviewer	interviewer	NOUN	Matt	PROPN	 Matt
Choral pieces with religious words include the oratorio Sancta Civitas (1923 – 25) and the Christmas cantata Hodie	Hodie	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
As of 2009, KKR was one of the richest teams in the IPL, with a brand value of	of	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
There were also actual administrative jobs, but authority could be vested in individuals rather than offices. In the	the	DET	8th	ADJ	 8th
The turnpike enters Shawnee County and continues through rural land before it heads into the Topeka area. Here,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The gill attachment to the stipe is adnexed (narrowly attached), and they are initially cream colored before	before	ADP	tinting	VERB	 tinting
He led the team to victory in that game and 27 – 6 victory over Southfield High School in the	the	DET	Division	PROPN	 Division
The change in design prompted the Trumpton Times fanzine to change its name to Wot, No Quarters? The	The	DET	black	ADJ	 black
The winds downed several trees and power lines, leaving about 32,000 people without power. Residential damage totaled $	$	SYM	1.1	NUM	1.1
The club's record appearance holder is Barry Jackson, who made 539 appearances, while their leading scorer is	is	AUX	Norman	PROPN	 Norman
The simpler component of tarbh as a single word is defined by Dwelly as " bull. " Transcribers of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
, Team 3D attacked and injured MCMG in the storyline by beating their hands with kendo sticks, which made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Cook was a high school All American lacrosse player at Denver East High School. He anchored the defense of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In these circumstances the temporary management turned to the 19 year old Handel and requested a fresh setting of Feustking	Feustking	PROPN	's	PART	's
He is considered the " Apostle to the English " and a founder of the English Church. Augustine was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Other members of the prominent Hovnatanian family (Hakob, Harutyun and Hovnatan) created paintings throughout the 18th century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mike Dopud as Goran Dragovic, Viktor's eldest son, who oversees his father's operations in the Middle	Middle	PROPN	East	PROPN	 East
As of the February 2007 newsletter the plans for the refocus were in the process of being completed. SIM	SIM	PROPN	Lite	PROPN	 Lite
The main environment is the vessel interior, known as the Main Sector, along with the other environments that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The Germans swiftly mobilised to expel the Allied forces and launched heavy air assaults on Kos and Leros. Without	Without	ADP	fighter	NOUN	 fighter
Long term treatment with steroid tablets is associated with significant side effects. Long term antibiotics, specifically those from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Housing was shared between personnel and British families. The Children's Welfare and Family Services Centre was built in	in	ADP	1988	NUM	 1988
Beyoncé stated that as the song had a " Southern feel " and beat, they wanted to collaborate with	with	ADP	Lil	PROPN	 Lil
The crew entered the Lunar Module through the docking tunnel connecting it with the Command Module to inspect its systems	systems	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Next to the boudoir is the Queen's bedroom; it was from this light and airy room that the	the	DET	demented	VERB	 demented
This burgeoning new nightlife scene is shaped by Jordan's young population. In addition to the wide range of	of	ADP	drinking	VERB	 drinking
Conway's says that four 75 millimeter (3.0 in) guns were added to the roofs of the end	end	NOUN	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
Dahl set off the explosives, destroying the records and tearing a large hole in the outfield grass. With	With	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
The first one was published in the summer issue of Akamaru Jump; it won the Jump Jūni Ketsu Shinjin	Shinjin	PROPN	Manga	PROPN	 Manga
With Haddock taking on the ship's captaincy, they are successfully able to put out the fire. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The armored belt was 35 cm (14 in) thick in the central citadel, and tapered down to	to	ADP	18	NUM	 18
He introduced for the first time his Homestead Bill, to grant 160 acres (65 ha) to people	people	NOUN	willing	ADJ	 willing
" in Otro Guerrillero Mixtape Vol. 2, 2008), Lowkey (" Something Wonderful " in Soundtrack	Soundtrack	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Their nucleus could have developed in a remote past from cultural interactions between the Proto Indo Europeans, speakers of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A few sources claim Overton flew one final mission on 25 January 1953 and shot down two more MiG 15s	15s	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
He had scored 21 goals in 25 appearances in all competitions up until the winter break. On 12 March	March	PROPN	2016	NUM	 2016
In another scene, Ned Flanders is seen wearing his " Assassin " running shoes from the season two episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
For some imported ASL varieties, such as those used in West Africa, it is still an open question	question	NOUN	how	SCONJ	 how
The works of Homer (i.e. Iliad and Odyssey) and Hesiod (i.e. Theogony) were written in the	the	DET	8th	ADJ	 8th
Siddiqui's first breakthrough in research came when he successfully isolated an antiarrhythmic agent in 1931 from the roots of	of	ADP	Rauwolfia	PROPN	 Rauwolfia
The game also aimed to offer less distance fog with a wider field of vision so that the gameplay would	would	AUX	not	PART	 not
Early the next day, the eye became increasingly defined as the center of Bob passed roughly 35 mi (	(	PUNCT	55	NUM	55
He created YMAX Communications Corporation in April 2006 as a communications and equipment service. YMAX's profits come from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In various incidents documented in such publications as The New York Times, Slashdot and Wired, the Church of	of	ADP	Scientology	PROPN	 Scientology
The westernmost portion of the route was designated as DE 279. DE 2 begins at an intersection with DE	DE	PROPN	72	NUM	 72
During a 2007 episode of the show, he successfully guessed the number between 1 and 100 he asked Winfrey	Winfrey	PROPN	to	PART	 to
It reveals him not at any Big Moment but giving a performance like his folk club sets of the period	period	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
Through traveling he learned of organizations in Philadelphia and New York City that only sold goods produced by free labor	labor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Going into his Peewee season he left the Red Wings to go play for the Thorold Blackhawks Jr. B. club	club	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The party had lost most of its members, and the parliamentary faction had declared itself independent from the party	party	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The fourth reviewer, Hope Chapman, expressed absolute disdain towards the series. She expressed hatred towards Sora's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
A 14th century morality tale exemplifying gluttony by the Franciscan writer Francesc Eiximenis describes the eating habits of a worldly	worldly	ADJ	cleric	NOUN	 cleric
The majority of Highway 403 is surrounded by suburban land use, except west of Ancaster, where it passes	passes	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Highway 61 begins at the international border between Ontario and Minnesota at the Pigeon River; the road continues south	south	ADV	to	ADP	 to
As they attempted a touch and go, the wheels became stuck and they had to wait for rescue.	.	PUNCT	Armstrong	PROPN	 Armstrong
Less than 1 mile (1.6 km) from the outskirts of Caen, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade posed	posed	VERB	a	DET	 a
They managed to sink several ships using limpet mines, but were captured and eventually taken to Sachsenhausen and Bergen	Bergen	PROPN	Belsen	PROPN	 Belsen
Responses are polyclonal in nature as each clone somewhat specializes in producing antibodies against a given epitope, and because	because	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
As a member of the Order, the Chancellor has a higher precedence than that attached to the office,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Military historian Hew Strachan contends that Battenberg " lacked Fisher's dogmatism. Not the least of his attractions to	to	PART	Churchill	PROPN	 Churchill
Cowboy Junkies covered the song on their Early 21st Century Blues album in 2005. Joel Harrison recorded " Is	Is	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Based on its determination that the ordinance was content neutral, the Ninth Circuit " applied a lower level of	of	ADP	scrutiny	NOUN	 scrutiny
In London, he had been introduced in 1881 to Constance Lloyd, daughter of Horace Lloyd, a wealthy	wealthy	ADJ	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
The next day the storm began to weaken as it moved onshore Southwestern Mexico. Carlotta continued to weaken rapidly	rapidly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Michigan advanced to the April 8, 2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship game where the team	team	NOUN	lost	VERB	 lost
They did not suffer the customary fate accorded to traitors — quartering and display at the city gates. Edward	Edward	PROPN	exhibited	VERB	 exhibited
The population coalesced first into clans and then into kingdoms. The Kingdom of Rwanda dominated from the mid eighteenth	eighteenth	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Although " I Was Here " was never released as a single, it appeared on several charts across the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Robert Downey, Jr. as Kirk Lazarus: An immensely talented Australian method actor, Lazarus had a controversial "	"	PUNCT	pigmentation	NOUN	 pigmentation
The authors have a strong doubt about the ability of the media to differentiate between false truth and the actual	actual	ADJ	science	NOUN	 science
Until recently, it would have been possible for even a very bright member of the Kreutz sungrazers to pass	pass	VERB	through	ADP	 through
At full capacity, she could steam for 6,620 nautical miles (12,260 km; 7,620 mi) at a	a	DET	speed	NOUN	 speed
<formula> Thus, the total rate of net energy production per unit surface area is given by <	<	PROPN	formula	NOUN	formula
His father, Bryan Hextall, Jr., played in the NHL for 10 seasons, most notably for the	the	DET	Pittsburgh	PROPN	 Pittsburgh
A route was approved in 1955 with future extensions to be decided later, though funding for the construction was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Vallance and Adams recorded the album normally while sitting backstage or in an hotel room with small devices which they	they	PRON	usually	ADV	 usually
On the night after the tornado hit Gallatin, there were many reports of looting in the devastated community.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The attendant said that he observed Parsons throwing away clothing, books, posters and carpentry tools into a dumpster	dumpster	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fox placed an order for six episodes as a trial run, and in July 2011 ordered seven additional scripts	scripts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In this debate where there were exaggerations in both directions, people claimed that the painting was both an unsurpassed	unsurpassed	ADJ	masterpiece	NOUN	 masterpiece
Ophelia Marie is a popular singer of cadence lypso in the 1980s. Cadence lypso was influenced by nationalist movement	movement	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Governor Magoffin refused to endorse the resolution, preventing its enforcement. Writing from Bowling Green on October 8,	,	PUNCT	Breckinridge	PROPN	 Breckinridge
There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in " mental subtitles " as an	an	DET	escalating	VERB	 escalating
Because there are 26 letters in the English alphabet and 26 = 2 × 13, the ROT13 function is	is	AUX	its	PRON	 its
James Mangold was later chosen to direct the film. Mark Bomback was then hired to rewrite McQuarrie's script	script	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Instead of conducting separate but identical undergraduate courses for Harvard students and students from Radcliffe College, Conant instituted	instituted	VERB	co	ADJ	 co
" Panzer Dragoon Saga was released in North America in April 1998 on four CDs, one of the last	last	ADJ	Saturn	PROPN	 Saturn
There are also religious sites serving the needs of the Baptist, Evangelical, Methodist and United Reformed communities and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The vegetables most commonly added to borscht are beetroots, white cabbage, carrots, parsley root, potatoes,	,	PUNCT	onions	NOUN	 onions
After Roy notified authorities of Cho's behavior, she urged Cho to seek counseling, but to her knowledge	knowledge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Total tuition / fees: $20,693 for in state and $40,705 for out of state Medical School Total	Total	PROPN	tuition	NOUN	 tuition
Revealing to Bhishma the tale of her encounter with Parashara, Satyavati well knew that this was the time to	to	PART	call	VERB	 call
The opinion also distinguished the proportionality of majority minority districts, which allows minorities to have a proportional opportunity to	to	PART	elect	VERB	 elect
It was a crooked business, you could get cheated and there could be crooked accounting, but I still	still	ADV	prefer	VERB	 prefer
They did not receive major changes after the merger of the two companies except for the updated route map,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He finishes by describing her death as a beggar in Pavia. This Eadburh is not the same as Alfred	Alfred	PROPN	's	PART	's
His genus Upupa contained species that had a long curved bill and a short blunt tongue. These included the	the	DET	northern	ADJ	 northern
When the race restarted an hour later, Button was involved in contact with Narain Karthikeyan that forced him to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
In 1999, Black released D'lectrified, which relied completely on acoustic instruments. Nevertheless, USAToday thought the "	"	PUNCT	album	NOUN	 album
Thus, the title of mep ' e might have been applied to Tamar to mark out her unique position	position	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
" The nomination also notes that it is " one of the finest of its type in the surrounding area	area	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The American war correspondent, Stanley Washburn, reported that Michael wore " a simple uniform with nothing to indicate	indicate	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Votta's only disappointment with the rendition was that the televised version did not include the " adorable duet "	"	PUNCT	between	ADP	 between
Specific findings in sociological studies of leisure are illustrated by John Robinson's late 1970s study of American leisure.	.	PUNCT	Robinson	PROPN	 Robinson
San Diego's first tuna cannery was founded in 1911, and by the mid 1930s the canneries employed more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Wind estimates from Météo France and most other basins throughout the world are sustained over 10 minutes, while estimates	estimates	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
These are more reliable than A clamps because the O ring is well protected, but many countries do not	not	PART	use	VERB	 use
One hypothesis suggests the Sumatran rhinoceros is closely related to the black and white rhinos in Africa, evidenced by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In March, martial law was declared and Saudi troops were called in. Despite the hard crackdown and official	official	ADJ	ban	NOUN	 ban
Re releases of Square games in Japan with bonus features would occur frequently after the release of Final Fantasy VII	VII	PROPN	International	PROPN	 International
It was the first part of the two part season four finale, the second part being " Wilson's	's	PART	Heart	PROPN	 Heart
A Puritan revolt over a 1627 " Bringing in the May " festival at Mount Wollaston in present day Massachusetts	Massachusetts	PROPN	resulted	VERB	 resulted
The details of the system were developed in 1925 – 1926 by a group of five linguists, led by	by	ADP	Chao	PROPN	 Chao
Saipan International Airport reported sustained winds of 95 km / h (59 mph), with gusts to 120	120	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
" Billboard considered the record's original songs its best material, and " Word Crimes " the best parody	parody	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Malays of Malaysia claimed a special position and special rights owing to their long domicile and the fact that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The various fish groups account for more than half of vertebrate species. There are almost 28,000 known extant species	species	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In an effort to bolster the offensive capabilities of the Stalingrad Front, over 420 tanks, 111,000 soldiers and	and	CCONJ	556	NUM	 556
Trescothick's partnerships with Strauss were to average 52.35 in 52 innings. His first century against the West Indies	Indies	PROPN	followed	VERB	 followed
Peng participated in the Northern Expedition, and supported Wang Jingwei's attempt to form a left leaning Kuomintang government	government	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Meat ants are highly territorial and aggressive ants which establish firm borders between neighbouring colonies. While the boundaries are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
He had recently moved to an apartment in Viktoria Luise Platz in Schöneberg, Berlin, but took up the	the	DET	offer	NOUN	 offer
DuGalle only appears in Brood War and is voiced by Jack Ritschel. Considered the UED's most capable military	military	ADJ	leader	NOUN	 leader
American music industry executive Daniel Glass told Texas Monthly he believed Selena would have enjoyed greater career success had it	it	PRON	not	PART	 not
Stroma, which lies between mainland Scotland and Orkney, is part of Caithness, and so falls under Highland	Highland	PROPN	council	NOUN	 council
In the 1990s, when the composer's many notebooks and sketches were being catalogued, scholars first raised the	the	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
The theatrical release was accompanied with the Pixar short animated film For the Birds. As in A Bug's	's	PART	Life	PROPN	 Life
According to de Havilland's chief test pilot John Cunningham, who had flown the prototype's first flight,	,	PUNCT	representatives	NOUN	 representatives
Classic symptoms include gastrointestinal problems such as chronic diarrhoea, abdominal distention, malabsorption, loss of appetite, and	and	CCONJ	among	ADP	 among
The game may be purchased from GOG.com, and is also a part of the Broken Sword Complete package from	from	ADP	Mastertronic	PROPN	 Mastertronic
On the red granite base there is yet another rectangular block, 6 meters (20 ft) high and	and	CCONJ	wide	ADJ	 wide
These events marked the foundation of the Vandalic Kingdom, as the Vandals made Carthage their capital and settled around	around	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Its termini are both on business loops of Interstate 94 (I 94); the eastern one coincides with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
Source: Apollo by the Numbers: A Statistical Reference (Orloff 2004). The Apollo program returned over	over	ADP	838	NUM	 838
Michaels countered with a Sweet Chin Music, thus Michaels got the pinfall victory over Masters. The main event	event	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Although deeply involved in the methamphetamine business, Moreno González's cartel diversified its criminal agenda by controlling numerous "	"	PUNCT	counterfeiting	NOUN	 counterfeiting
However, the " robbers " decide to abandon the scheme and commit an actual robbery, causing a shootout	shootout	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
The attack was scheduled to begin on the morning of 28 May. Rendulic also sent the 105th SS Reconnaissance	Reconnaissance	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
In December 1810 an adequate reinforcement was collected, with the provision of a strong battle squadron under Admiral Albemarle	Albemarle	PROPN	Bertie	PROPN	 Bertie
On March 2, both Kim defeated Rayne in a non title match for Wrestle 1's Kaisen: Outbreak	Outbreak	NOUN	event	NOUN	 event
It contained three time trial events, all of which were individual. There were eleven stages containing high mountains	mountains	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While the Muslim army was scattered pillaging, the Turgesh khagan Suluk brought his army, allegedly 50,000 strong,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
In 1994, Pinocchio was added to the United States National Film Registry for being deemed " culturally, historically	historically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Shackleton set sail from London on his ship Endurance, bound for the Weddell Sea in August 1914. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The blue breeding plumage of the male is often referred to as nuptial plumage. The non breeding male is	is	AUX	brown	ADJ	 brown
Around 97% of students leaving lower secondary education enter into upper secondary education; however there is a notable	notable	ADJ	drop	NOUN	 drop
On 11 March 1978 a riot broke out at The Den during an FA Cup quarter final between Millwall and	and	CCONJ	Ipswich	PROPN	 Ipswich
Also known as the Bharat Upavan, this garden has lush manicured lawns, trees, and shrubs. The	The	DET	garden	NOUN	 garden
The petition reached 10,000 signatures within five days. In response to the feedback, Nintendo of America released a	a	DET	statement	NOUN	 statement
Although the voyage was extremely hazardous, Cabral had the prospect of becoming a very rich man if he returned	returned	VERB	safely	ADV	 safely
As of May 2016, the Protocol has 80 signatories and 107 parties. In 1979, the United Nations	Nations	PROPN	General	PROPN	 General
Chaplin was first selected for the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, known as the Gliders, in	in	ADP	2001	NUM	 2001
After this period of destruction, K ' inich Yo ' nal Ahk I moved his focus to the more	more	ADV	ancient	ADJ	 ancient
The pitch located behind Skedsmohallen was converted to a throwing venue in 2005. Ahead of the 2003 municipal elections	elections	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She had an overall length of 888 feet (271 m), a beam of 93 feet (28	28	NUM	m	PROPN	 m
Afterwards, all that will remain of the Sun is a white dwarf, an extraordinarily dense object, 54	54	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The eight I Squadron ships went into the Baltic on 22 February 1915 for unit training, which lasted until	until	ADP	13	NUM	 13
Following the sinking of Navasota, British destroyers briefly fired depth charges at the U boat but she managed to	to	PART	safely	ADV	 safely
This system was first identified as a hurricane by Ivan Tannehill in 1938. A tropical disturbance developed into a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
We were in the ghetto! " According to Pabon, " Unlike the popularity of the martial arts films	films	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Longstreet was criticized for the slow pace of his advance toward Knoxville in November and some of his troops began	began	VERB	using	VERB	 using
Futuna Island was also cut off due to loss of communication. At Dillon's Bay, one of Erromango	Erromango	PROPN	's	PART	's
The business software publisher Scandinavian PC Systems found out about the game through Upp & Ner; they were expanding	expanding	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Work on the new campus begun on October 5, 1966, and the first building completed was the Institute	Institute	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The show originated from writers Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain's failed attempt to complete a team written sitcom for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rugby union is seen as a symbol of Welsh identity and an expression of national consciousness. The English words	words	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The next morning Zaian horsemen appeared on the hilltops to the south and east of the city. Khénifra soon	soon	ADV	came	VERB	 came
In addition, Ford added to the General Assembly's agenda the creation of a state environmental protection agency,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
After 1979, the separate distribution of the clothing allowance was discontinued — the gifts have now been consolidated,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Loverboy " was met with generally mixed reviews from music critics; many were not impressed with the incorporation	incorporation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A. Junaidi, writing for The Jakarta Post, notes that Gerhana Kembar was well received by Indonesia's LGBT	LGBT	PROPN	community	NOUN	 community
A now infamous scene, in which Ken comes face to face with Mike following the discovery of the affair	affair	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Following the brief 2009 reunion show, a fan group emerged on Facebook in April 2010 supporting a 20th anniversary	anniversary	NOUN	benefit	NOUN	 benefit
This perimeter was defended by a network of observation posts on the high ground, manned by 24th Infantry.	.	PUNCT	Forces	NOUN	 Forces
Bright's credits include Freeway, Ted Bundy, and Tiptoes. Bright and director Richard Elfman's only dispute	dispute	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
On 21 April 1914, a naval brigade of marines and sailors occupied Veracruz. A total of 55 Medals	Medals	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It contributed to a change in the Indian film industry, with new methods of distribution and a turn towards	towards	ADP	less	ADV	 less
The song is influenced by go go rhythms and features a prominent sample of The Meters ' 1970 funk recording	recording	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sweatt is known as an offensive defenseman, possessing a good shot and a tendency to join plays deep in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The assault force was led by Lecointre, who approached the northern edge of the bridge following the usual route	route	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hurricane force winds – at least 120 km / h (75 mi) – penetrated 100 km (60	60	NUM	mi	PROPN	 mi
Elizabeth's pet name for both of these men was " Robin ", leading scholars to believe that Robin	Robin	PROPN	Starveling	PROPN	 Starveling
Other accounts also point to the Winnebago as the responsible party for encouraging the attack and suggest that Tenskwatawa was	was	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
His consistent performances led to his call up to the senior national team. Diarra scored his first goal of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Government officials preliminarily estimated that 80% of the buildings were damaged to some degree, of which half were	were	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
In 2003, Peru created the " Día Nacional del Pisco Sour " (National Pisco Sour Day),	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
It is estimated that the Sun has become 30% brighter in the last 4.5 billion years. At present	present	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
We're just normal, typical guys. I love to watch football and drink beer. " This comment	comment	NOUN	angered	VERB	 angered
The Nahuatl verb is quite complex and inflects for many grammatical categories. The verb is composed of a root	root	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Each character can stock magic into a quantified inventory, but are limited to carrying around 32 distinct spells,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In July 2014 the High Court ruled in Drax's favour. Biomass conversion at Drax led to it requiring	requiring	VERB	82	NUM	 82
Big Gay Al displays several exaggerated gay stereotypes, including his lisping voice and flamboyant wardrobe, which includes an	an	DET	ascot	ADJ	 ascot
He also caught a touchdown pass from punter Brad Maynard off a fake field goal attempt against the Washington Redskins	Redskins	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The bulk of this dopamine sulfate is produced in the mesentery that surrounds parts of the digestive system. The	The	DET	production	NOUN	 production
The first complete English translation of his masterpiece Translated from the Night was published by Lascaux Editions in 2007.	.	PUNCT	Complete	ADJ	 Complete
Due to the weight and age of the weapon, the United States Marine Corps is fielding the M27 Infantry	Infantry	PROPN	Automatic	PROPN	 Automatic
' " Self sufficiency was a high priority throughout her life. Bethune invested in several businesses, including the	the	DET	Pittsburgh	PROPN	 Pittsburgh
The company has said that the ' T Mobile Girl ' character has been sidelined for now, but this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The spores of P. bembae are spindle- or fuse shaped, and have rough surfaces — a detail observable when	when	SCONJ	viewed	VERB	 viewed
This broadcast was during sweeps week, a period used to calculate advertising revenue for the forthcoming quarter. During	During	ADP	this	DET	 this
The eastern end was altered in the late 1920s, and the western end was extended to the Grand Rapids	Rapids	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
The Daily Telegraph in London highlighted the RevoLucian piece among the " Best of the mash ups and spoofs "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
He assessed that the only course of action available was to maintain a large force in the Bulolo Valley to	to	PART	defend	VERB	 defend
The largest-- Oslo Bolig og Sparelag, known as OBOS — built its first complex Etterstad in Oslo, but	but	CCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Hetfield was opposed to the idea and said, " When someone does a side project, it takes away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Despite calls for a formal war declaration, Adams steadfastly refused to ask Congress for one. On July 7	7	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Alaska Supreme Court thereby became the first — and only — state or federal court to announce a constitutional	constitutional	ADJ	privacy	NOUN	 privacy
There, the assassination of popular leftist leader Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Ayala led to widespread rioting that came to be	be	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Edward Drinker Cope and Alpheus Hyatt reconciled this view with evolutionism in a form of neo Lamarckism involving recapitulation theory	theory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He played 11 seasons following his comeback, finishing with 1,224 games played, 438 goals and 910 points.	.	PUNCT	Roberts	PROPN	 Roberts
The latter track was featured in the American television sitcom, Cougar Town. " Photograph " served as the	the	DET	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
The school, which served as an Orthodox alternative to the existing Communal Hebrew School, comprised a nursery school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Arsenal eventually finished fourth in the league, level on points with third placed Liverpool. At the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2007, Lonsdale appeared on the BBC Panorama program Scientology and Me and was interviewed by journalist John Sweeney	Sweeney	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Human error can lead to casualties as well. In July 2013, 66 year old lone hiker Geraldine Largay	Largay	PROPN	disappeared	VERB	 disappeared
Mawson published " Bolton – a Study in Town Planning and Civic Art " and gave lectures entitled " Bolton	Bolton	PROPN	Housing	PROPN	 Housing
When the SOWF is cut off and the Shikastans degenerate, Lessing " both indicts and exculpates " them,	,	PUNCT	implying	VERB	 implying
Players of the week Throughout the conference regular season, the Big Ten offices named a player of the week	week	NOUN	each	DET	 each
The snail serves as first intermediate host to Plagioporus skrjabini and as second intermediate host to Cotylurus cornutus. Asymphylodora	Asymphylodora	PROPN	demeli	NOUN	 demeli
A more advanced version of the snow sweeper is the jet sweeper, which adds an air blower just behind	behind	ADP	the	DET	 the
The aircraft failed to send a report before it crashed, but when it didn't return to base the	the	DET	Japanese	PROPN	 Japanese
He also established a national reputation as a piano sketch entertainer and wrote a large number of songs and comic	comic	ADJ	pieces	NOUN	 pieces
According to legend, Metacomet orchestrated the burning of Simsbury, Connecticut, and watched the conflagration from Talcott Mountain	Mountain	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
Bourbon doesn ’ t even tempt me. " He followed this with a 1 – 0 shutout win against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Town Horse is accompanied by " Gullivers ", dressed similarly to the horse but without the large frame	frame	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The GSN version was hosted by American speed skating champion Apolo Ohno, with Michael Binkow serving as executive producer	producer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Maxwell Montes, the highest mountain on Venus, lies on Ishtar Terra. Its peak is 11 km above	above	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 8 May, in Huế, a crowd of Buddhists protested against the ban on the Buddhist flag.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
However, an agent of Arcturus makes an attempt on Kerrigan's life, and Raynor defends her and takes	takes	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Mike Hale of The New York Times called the film the most " straightforward " of the series and the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The album featured the UK top twenty single " Heatseeker " and popular songs such as " That's the	the	DET	Way	NOUN	 Way
The series drew much media attention as Carter, who left had Toronto under acrimonious circumstances, was back at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
These advisories were discontinued the following day as Blanca moved out to sea. After weakening to a tropical depression	depression	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Hays office warned producer Howard Hughes not to make the film; when it was completed in late 1931	1931	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During the release of their Korean materials, Big Bang released the Japanese song, " Number 1, "	"	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The chase ends when Blofeld becomes snared in a tree branch and injures his neck. Bond and Tracy marry	marry	VERB	in	ADP	 in
There, Max Hyatt, the gothi of the Asatru Alliance affiliated group Wodan's Kindred, invited her to	to	PART	live	VERB	 live
.. provided that in cases of crimes committed within any county which may be in possession of an enemy,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
He was followed five days later by one officer and 107 other ranks as reinforcements. He was followed,	,	PUNCT	five	NUM	 five
William McGregor, former president of the League, suggested that it " was the worst decision he had seen	seen	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
Eventual finalists Finland lost to Latvia and made it to the quarterfinals only due to a shootout win over Switzerland	Switzerland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" For every Croat killed, " he said, " we must execute 100 Serbs. " The disarming	disarming	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This period saw the Kassites destroy the Babylonian empire in Mesopotamia and the Hyksos destroy the Middle Kingdom of Egypt	Egypt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These included colored contact lenses, prosthetics to make his veins appear to pulse and gel was added to his	his	PRON	eyes	NOUN	 eyes
Closed markets and decreased supplies caused the price of beef to reach record levels in the country. Following the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Greno elaborated, " When you look back at some of the past Disney princes... a lot of them	them	PRON	are	AUX	 are
One of the first acts of Jadid's government was to appoint Assad Minister of Defence. Assad however,	,	PUNCT	did	AUX	 did
Speculation grew as Matthews spent much of 2008 attending meetings with Pennsylvania representatives and major Democratic fundraisers. Matthews discussed	discussed	VERB	a	DET	 a
On the August 25 episode of Tough Enough, Fox make a special appearance on the finale of the sixth	sixth	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Verses 1 – 10 of chapter 8 elaborate on the practice of Dharana or meditation to train the mind in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
By numbers, porpoises are mostly hunted for their meat, though some end up in dolphinariums. Despite the	the	DET	controversial	ADJ	 controversial
The four lane expressway bypass of Oceanside was constructed beginning in 1994. The first four miles (6.4 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Jeffrey's assistant, Trixie Sullivan, speculated that the drugs had been planted by a fan who became disgruntled	disgruntled	ADJ	after	SCONJ	 after
Kyle has intentionally endangered Cartman as well by convincing him in " Fatbeard " to go to Somalia in hopes	hopes	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
' You start with the story first. What kind of story? What kind of theme do you want	want	VERB	to	PART	 to
Three others twisters were spawned in Collier County on June 24, though damage was no more than a few	few	ADJ	downed	ADJ	 downed
However, Wings and Sander (2007) showed that the polished nature and the abundance of those stones precluded	precluded	VERB	a	DET	 a
Historiographical views of Stevens have dramatically shifted over the years, from the early 20th century view of Stevens as	as	ADP	reckless	ADJ	 reckless
Towards the end of the season, he returned to both youth teams, helping the Juveniles B win the	the	DET	league	NOUN	 league
In 1967, Hanna Barbera was sold to Taft Broadcasting for $12 million, but Hanna and Barbera remained	remained	VERB	head	NOUN	 head
In the ten days allowed to prepare the SEC filing, Mesa and its investor partners accelerated buying to 11	11	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
New York: Kodansha Amer Inc. ISBN 1 56836 037 1. Romm, Joseph (1999). Cool	Cool	PROPN	Companies	NOUN	 Companies
No provision within the constitution grants the monarch an ability to veto legislation directly; however, no provision prohibits	prohibits	VERB	the	DET	 the
According to biographer Ian MacDonald, Lennon's continuous experience with LSD during the year brought him " close to	to	ADP	erasing	VERB	 erasing
Ali is Jason's wife, and they have two young daughters. Marta is Jason's employer, who	who	PRON	has	AUX	 has
In 1969, a 500 MW nuclear power plant was proposed for the Jervis Bay Territory, 200 km south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
" The album's lack of commercial success showed for a negative impact on the member's morale, and	and	CCONJ	this	DET	 this
Chicago started the game with Robbie Gould's field goal, followed by Matt Forté and Michael Bush's touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	runs	NOUN	 runs
He later effected another escape and succeeded in rejoining his squadron in the final days of the war. Eaton	Eaton	PROPN	remained	VERB	 remained
She then conducted two trans Atlantic crossings in November and December, bringing troops home from the European Theater.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Among many other accolades, Another World was named as number one top new Amiga game of 1992 by Amiga	Amiga	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
" In an 5 August 2011 PLoS ONE article, researchers estimated that the 2009 H1N1 global infection rate was	was	AUX	11	NUM	 11
Hershel (Scott Wilson) is indifferent on the matter when approached by Dale, but will follow the decision	decision	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
Over 60 years after its publication, Adaptive Coloration in Animals remains a core reference on the subject; the	the	DET	Evolutionary	PROPN	 Evolutionary
A few months after her birth Enid almost died from whooping cough, but was nursed back to health by	by	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This set a record for the most players to be provided by a club side for a team in a	a	DET	World	PROPN	 World
Captain Muller, who stated that he had been " gazing out over the sea " at the time of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The festival is slated for 26 stops to run from June 26th through August 2nd. On February 23,	,	PUNCT	2016	NUM	 2016
Pliny correctly identifies the origin of amber as the fossilised resin of pine trees. Evidence cited includes the fact	fact	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
At the center of the German line was I Squadron, behind the eight König- and Kaiser class battleships of	of	ADP	III	PROPN	 III
Tharp then passed three straight times for 32 yards and two first downs. On subsequent plays, Tharp rushed	rushed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Several Alabama players had career days with the performance on the field in Knoxville. McCarron had both career highs	highs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This is the current situation with regard to tidal power. Some systems capture energy from the tides in a	a	DET	vertical	ADJ	 vertical
Thorpe's improvement continued when he defeated Klim in the 200 m freestyle in 1 min 47.24 s, faster	faster	ADV	than	ADP	 than
However, Isaac continued its west northwestward path and passed more than 820 miles (1,320 km) northeast of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Amidst the German occupation of Belgium during World War II, Hergé had accepted a position working for Le Soir	Soir	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Mysore Economic Conference was expanded into three committees; industry and commerce, education, and agriculture, with	with	ADP	publications	NOUN	 publications
To the east of the town are the ruins of Ravenscraig Castle on a rocky spit of land extending into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
That same season Wellington Mara's mother finally allowed him to spend training camp living with the team. When	When	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
There is evidence that the native blue crab in eastern North America, Callinectes sapidus, is able to control	control	VERB	populations	NOUN	 populations
As the league leader in goals, with 33, assists and points, Morenz was named the recipient of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thousands of people may have been killed during this period. In early 1978, the entire civilian population of	of	ADP	Arsaibai	PROPN	 Arsaibai
Following the United States ' entry into World War I, the federal government took control of the railroads in	in	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
The film won a number of awards, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or	or	CCONJ	Comedy	PROPN	 Comedy
Sannwald felt that it would appeal to both children and their parents. Negative reviews criticized " Shine " for	for	ADP	lacking	VERB	 lacking
Shortly after the USN re adopted the intermediate battery, the British, Italian, Russian, French, and	and	CCONJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
The New York alignment has remained virtually unchanged since it was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state	state	NOUN	highways	NOUN	 highways
She and the actor acted it out the way they thought it might have happened. Underwood revealed that she	she	PRON	left	VERB	 left
He was an experimenter and pointed out that chess obeys laws that should be considered. " Statistical rating systems	systems	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
There were 23 different employee uniforms. Guests signed the register in " grass hued " green ink and their	their	PRON	luggage	NOUN	 luggage
The gamma function is also connected to the Riemann zeta function and identities for the functional determinant, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
The added exhaustion due to the Dream Team run in the 1992 Olympics solidified Jordan's feelings about the game	game	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lurgan is also situated by the M1 motorway connecting the town to Belfast. Bus services, provided by Translink	Translink	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The player, Alistair, and Morrigan decide that in order to stop the Blight from destroying Ferelden, and	and	CCONJ	possibly	ADV	 possibly
The Russian ships passed through Tsugaru Strait two days later and began capturing ships bound for Japan. The arrival	arrival	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Royalists seeing an opportunity to engage the divided force turned around to engage but Lilburne decided to hold his	his	PRON	ground	NOUN	 ground
The patrol's members, particularly Wilson and Captain Henry Borrow, were elevated in death to the status of	of	ADP	national	ADJ	 national
The facade is built of stone and has arched windows. A broad stairway leads up to the main entrance	entrance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The project was again abandoned when Wardley rode the prototype, describing it as slow, boring, cumbersome and	and	CCONJ	energy	NOUN	 energy
Construction of the lake in 1995 with construction of the three dams. With over 40 million cubic yards of	of	ADP	foundation	NOUN	 foundation
The " Brunswick Corps ", as it is called in the order of battle for the Waterloo Campaign,	,	PUNCT	formed	VERB	 formed
All the above places are very steep and difficult for grazing animals and therefore natural regeneration of the forest in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
The game was released on July 19, 1996. Despite appearing in North American video game magazine Nintendo Power	Power	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
They were able to record almost every second of Sesame Street this way; if the episode captured the children	children	NOUN	's	PART	's
Since this was to be a full scale invasion, it required long term planning, stock piling and conscription	conscription	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Below New Exchequer, the river flows west through a heavily irrigated region of the Central Valley, passing through	through	ADP	McSwain	PROPN	 McSwain
At the subsolar point the bow shock stands 1900 km (0.3 Rv, where Rv is the radius of	of	ADP	Venus	PROPN	 Venus
By the next day, a hurricane warning existed from Baffin Bay to High Island, Texas, while a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The rest of the material comes from Leland's research on Italian folklore and traditions, including other related material	material	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
After affecting New Caledonia, Rewa weakened to a tropical depression and turned northwestward before re entering the Australian basin	basin	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Today mirror symmetry is an active area of research in mathematics, and mathematicians are working to develop a more	more	ADV	complete	ADJ	 complete
UB 9's standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men. After work on UB 9 was	was	AUX	complete	ADJ	 complete
Though it remained far away from the island, the hurricane produced rough waves in Bermuda. As a weakened	weakened	VERB	extratropical	ADJ	 extratropical
According to Shaheem Reid of MTV News, all the women moved with the precision " of a Navy Seal	Seal	PROPN	strike	NOUN	 strike
Vera, Wayne, Kim, and Lex led to over half of the fatalities from tropical cyclones this season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The following day, all of the watches were upgraded to tropical storm warnings as Erika neared the Lesser Antilles	Antilles	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At the latter location, the estimate was based on high water marks, which included wave effects. The	The	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Meanwhile, Will (Eric McCormack) is torn between going out with his boyfriend Vince (Cannavale) and	and	CCONJ	staying	VERB	 staying
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported on December 21 that five more people became ill after eating at	at	ADP	two	NUM	 two
This means that it was seen by 4.1% of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 10%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Elphaba attempts to take back her sister as she is wheeled away, and her frustration manifests itself physically in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Ilya Vaisfeld called the film and Eisenstein's methods " profoundly hostile to socialism ", and faulted Eisenstein for	for	ADP	presenting	VERB	 presenting
Past this intersection, the road continues northwest to provide access to Delaware Park Racetrack and the Churchmans Crossing station	station	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In February 2014 the group sent seven letter bombs to British Army recruitment offices in south east England; the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Its basic design was modeled on the North Korean Rodong 1. North Korea launched what it described as a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
The movements of the large superfamily Muroidea (including hamsters, gerbils, true mice and rats) may have	have	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
Originally, Germany had a very close relationship with the Chinese nationalist government, even providing military aid and assistance	assistance	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
" Roberson spent a year researching and writing the story, and sought to combine fact and legend in developing	developing	VERB	the	DET	 the
We're just people. # AllLivesMatter, " to which Baer responded with a scathing column on Crashburn Alley	Alley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Towards the end of the video, Jackson has packed up his bags to leave town, because of his	his	PRON	distress	NOUN	 distress
At the end of totality, the same effects will occur in reverse order, and on the opposite side	side	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The term public order has been given an expansive interpretation that highlights the importance which the Singapore Government places upon	upon	SCONJ	social	ADJ	 social
In addition to It's Too Late to Stop Now and Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl, Morrison	Morrison	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
For the Catholic expatriates engaged in that struggle, the restoration by force of a Catholic monarchy was an intriguing	intriguing	ADJ	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
Bulgaria ranks 113th globally by average life expectancy, which stands at 73.6 years for both genders. The primary	primary	ADJ	causes	NOUN	 causes
The Terrapin defense stopped two rushing attempts by Vai Taua, but a short pass was good for the score	score	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By the following year, NY 342 was truncated westward to the hamlet of Conesville while a highway between NY	NY	PROPN	23	NUM	 23
The main event won the Observer award for Match of the Year. Alex Roberts of the Professional Wrestling Torch	Torch	PROPN	Newsletter	PROPN	 Newsletter
In January 2009, Cook won his 5th Emmy Award for his work on the series, New South Crossings	Crossings	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Kirk Honeycutt of The Hollywood Reporter praised Hanks, Newman, and Craig but called Law's performance "	"	PUNCT	almost	ADV	 almost
German forces invaded Belgium, which had been following a policy of neutrality, on 10 May 1940. After	After	ADP	18	NUM	 18
The last shooting schedule began in Bangkok in early October 2013, with action scenes supervised by Peter Hein.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The addition of busts to her stern escaped controversy of any kind, depicting Isaac Hull, William Bainbridge,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
An important early printed edition of the Chronicle appeared in 1692, by Edmund Gibson, an English jurist and	and	CCONJ	divine	ADJ	 divine
After an interview with Sidney and Beatrice Webb he became the Labour candidate for Wallsend in December 1920. Beatrice	Beatrice	PROPN	Webb	PROPN	 Webb
Between 1941 and 1945 Southern Rhodesia contributed large quantities of timber, leather goods, soap and building materials.	.	PUNCT	Thousands	NOUN	 Thousands
He met Bradlaugh, who encouraged the young man to read more widely and introduced him to the ideas of	of	ADP	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
Levi's starring role on Chuck required the actor to constantly " shed a character and take on another character	character	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Since 1991 the band had sold over 40 million records worldwide Childhood friends Damon Albarn and Graham Coxon met Alex	Alex	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
The winds left severe damage to vegetation after fruits and vegetables were blown away. Rainfall peaked at 10.47 in	in	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
Next, they traded defenseman Kris Russell to the St. Louis Blues for Nikita Nikitin. As the clubs slow	slow	ADJ	start	NOUN	 start
" Right away everyone kind of had a good feeling about me joining the cast, " Vincent says.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
On the 16th RCT front, at the eastern end of Easy Red, was another area between strongpoints.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
(September 5, 1922 – November 26, 2008) was a civil rights leader and an All American	American	ADJ	guard	NOUN	 guard
They animated the skier, who they gave an " ego tastic " large head on a stick figure body	body	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She thereafter proceeded to the Cocos, arriving off Direction Island at 06: 00 on the morning of 9	9	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
He was the second son of Daniel and Elizabeth Tucker, who were distant cousins. Daniel and his brothers	brothers	NOUN	established	VERB	 established
In the 19th century, Charles Spurgeon affirmed this belief within the Protestant tradition and wrote: " The Spirit	Spirit	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
A dub album, Language Barrier showcased a musical clash between the duo's characteristic rhythms and Laswell's own	own	ADJ	production	NOUN	 production
The project was 90 percent complete as of April 2012. Both the upper and lower reservoir were complete and	and	CCONJ	had	AUX	 had
Modern historians have put forward numerous theories in an attempt to explain these actions. This trip to the English	English	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
Maggie Smith as Muriel Donnelly, an ex nanny with a head for figures, is deemed surplus to requirements	requirements	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
She was therefore " taxed " S $3,562.50, with S $1,425 going to youth development. Unhappy	Unhappy	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
A few days after the Italian invasion of Egypt, Illustrious flew off 15 Swordfish during the moonlit night of	of	ADP	16	NUM	 16
" Van Susteren managed McCarthy's 1946 Senate campaign, and during McCarthy's Senate career he stayed with Van	Van	PROPN	Susteren	PROPN	 Susteren
The May 1940 issue was followed by August 1940, which began a bimonthly sequence that lasted until June 1942	1942	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
For the next several years, Renoir attended the École des Beaux Arts. He first exhibited a large painting	painting	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
I interviewed dozens of Italians — Partisans and Fascists. I interviewed dozens of African American soldiers who fought in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It contains an overmantel featuring a relief of Plenty, considered to be original, and a large stone chimneypiece	chimneypiece	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As AMP, Hely put forward proposals to increase the number of diploma qualified engineering and equipment officers in the	the	DET	Air	PROPN	 Air
" On December 4, Legendary Pictures announced that it had selected Pacific Rim co writer Travis Beacham to write	write	VERB	the	DET	 the
Past here, US 40 / US 322 continues east past more businesses, crossing County Route 651 before entering	entering	VERB	Pleasantville	PROPN	 Pleasantville
During colonial times, prior to the establishment of the ACT, the European communities of Ginninderra, Molonglo and	and	CCONJ	Tuggeranong	PROPN	 Tuggeranong
When in 2004 Nadanian named his daughter Kiti, Aronian replied, " See? I told you that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Simović named Maček as Deputy Prime Minister once again in the new government, but Maček was reluctant and remained	remained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In October 2012, the LDS Church announced at its general conference that young men could serve a mission after	after	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The man claims a new conspiracy has formed after the previous one was destroyed; the new one being hidden	hidden	VERB	within	ADP	 within
These modifications led to the development of the single stage Merlin XX and 45 series. A significant advance in	in	ADP	supercharger	NOUN	 supercharger
The village was occupied in 1250 by Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester. The centre of Cubzac	Cubzac	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Tyler's father died in 1813, and Tyler inherited thirteen slaves along with his father's plantation. In	In	ADP	1816	NUM	 1816
One of the larger examples, Ma ' adim Vallis is 700 km (430 mi) long and much	much	ADV	bigger	ADJ	 bigger
Prinz Eugen was ordered by the Kriegsmarine from the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel. Her keel was laid on 23	23	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
On June 13, 2015 supporters led by Emerge Miami, the Urban Environment League and New Tropics named a	a	DET	four	NUM	 four
" Nine Inch Nails later confirmed that the tour was to extend to South America and it was thought this	this	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Sheogorath explains to the player that the Greymarch will destroy the realm, and Sheogorath needs a " champion "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
It has been suggested that Ottawa speakers were among the groups that used the Great Lakes Algonquian syllabary, a	a	DET	syllabic	ADJ	 syllabic
Later, Kama Pradyumna accepts Rati Mayavati as his wife. The name of the goddess Rati comes from the	the	DET	Sanskrit	PROPN	 Sanskrit
Although he was an inspired religious leader, Karamoko Alfa was not qualified as a military leader. Ibrahim Sori	Sori	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
The two rappers marched down the runaway with " flames erupting in the background. " The song was performed	performed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Meanwhile, the hurricane warning was extended to Cabo Corrientes. On October 3, the hurricane warning was extended	extended	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In its center lies a sunken circular crypt with two marble sarcophagi, one for MacArthur, the other for	for	ADP	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
A new county designated highway appeared on maps for the first time in 1983, H 16; it was	was	AUX	marked	VERB	 marked
However, his grave remained unmarked for almost thirty years; the New Zealand Antarctic Society (NZAC) erected	erected	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Chief Executive is appointed by the Board to manage the work of the Headquarters staff. The Scout Association	Association	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
U. radiata has often been mistaken for U. inflata because of their similar morphology and overlapping distribution. In the	the	DET	past	NOUN	 past
A new area of the park called " Amusement Circle " was designed in 1906 to link the pier to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This phase is metastable and will gradually revert to the original α berkelium phase at room temperature. The temperature	temperature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to the Treasury, the sales were intended to " [reduce] the U.S. trade deficit, either	either	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
With a field goal percentage of almost 60 percent, the Jayhawks posted an 80 – 56 win to advance	advance	VERB	to	ADP	 to
During the announcement, West cited " Blame Game " as his favorite song from the album, which was	was	AUX	at	ADP	 at
HD 154672 b's discovery was reported in the Astronomical Journal by the American Astronomical Society, appearing in the	the	DET	journal	NOUN	 journal
He knows his limitations. But when it comes down to it, there has to be a sense of	of	ADP	confidence	NOUN	 confidence
They had a complete double bottom 7 feet (2.1 m) deep. The ships would have had two	two	NUM	geared	ADJ	 geared
Durand was initially met with negative reaction from fans on the street for this action and he defended his murderous	murderous	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
The University also graduated Nobel Prize winner Paul D. Boyer, as well as Philo Farnsworth (inventor of the	the	DET	electronic	ADJ	 electronic
Brandon instantly falls in love with Marianne, but she believes he is too old for her. While out	out	ADP	walking	VERB	 walking
His citation reads: The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July	July	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
In October 2008, the National Academy of Engineering presented Clough with the Arthur M. Bueche Award for leadership in	in	ADP	science	NOUN	 science
Haug explained the artistic license that Fincher took with the shot, " While he wanted to keep the brain	brain	NOUN	passage	NOUN	 passage
Whedon funded the project himself with the investment of just over $200,000, and earned more from it than	than	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Richard Strauss had a lifelong champion in Beecham, who introduced Elektra, Salome, Der Rosenkavalier and other operas	operas	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Built on speculation by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume, the submarine was launched as SS 3 and featured improvements	improvements	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
To compound his troubles, the Duchess, spurred on by her hatred of Harley and Abigail, had finally	finally	ADV	driven	VERB	 driven
Volunteers transported as many people and belongings as possible to the small town of Birdseye, about 5 miles (	(	PUNCT	8.0	NUM	8.0
The identification of the Cuthbert who was Bishop of Hereford with the Cuthbert who became archbishop, however, comes	comes	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Standby supplies in the event of a main AC failure were provided by a Ram air turbine (RAT)	)	PUNCT	driving	VERB	 driving
It was hoped the ECSC would prevent a resurgence of large coal and steel groups such as the Konzerne,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
After the fact, Teller consistently denied that he was intending to damn Oppenheimer, and even claimed that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The positive reception led to the band's European agent John Jackson, to suggest that the band play Reign	Reign	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
However, since the relative box office failure of the project, Madhavan downplayed future involvement in production ventures.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Premontane forests and rocky areas have also been known to hold frogs. Dendrobatids tend to live on or close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The Urban Mass Transportation Act of 1964 passed Congress, which promised 66% federal funding for urban mass transportation	transportation	NOUN	projects	NOUN	 projects
The origins of Hurricane Jeanne were from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on September 7	7	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Hunters were also used by two RAF display teams: the " Black Arrows ", who on one occasion	occasion	NOUN	looped	VERB	 looped
It was second in importance only to the K ' iche ' capital at Q ' umarkaj. When Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	conquistador	NOUN	 conquistador
While at major hurricane status, Ivan maintained very strong convection in its core with a well defined eye.	.	PUNCT	Operationally	ADV	 Operationally
Seasons may play a role in some regions. A dramatic change in colour and texture is created by seasonal	seasonal	ADJ	snowy	ADJ	 snowy
Soegijapranata then contacted the Japanese and, that afternoon, brokered a cease fire agreement in his office at Gedangan	Gedangan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Sarolt seems to have also adhered to Orthodox Christianity, according to Bruno of Querfurt's remark on her "	"	PUNCT	languid	NOUN	 languid
Bates rejected this explanation, and in his 1920 book presented photographs that he said showed that the image remained	remained	VERB	the	DET	 the
In this they were completely successful; the Japanese 51st Division continued to reinforce the position around Salamaua, with	with	ADP	thousands	NOUN	 thousands
" In a review of contemporary criticism of " Ode to a Nightingale " in 1998, James O'Rouke claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The libretto was adapted by Arrigo Boito from Shakespeare's The Merry Wives of Windsor and scenes from Henry IV	IV	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Moth eye " nanostructures could be used to create low reflectance glass for windows, solar cells, display	display	NOUN	devices	NOUN	 devices
During this time Leontovych continued to transcribe and arrange folk songs. He completed his " First compilation of songs	songs	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Differences, between the variable domains, are located on three loops known as hypervariable regions (HV 1,	,	PUNCT	HV	PROPN	 HV
The inscription reads Veni soror mea mecum in gloria (" Come with me my sister into glory ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Services could however continue using bi mode trains. The group Friends of Suburban Bristol Railways supports the electrification continuing	continuing	VERB	to	ADP	 to
When an electron is in motion, it generates a magnetic field. The Ampère Maxwell law relates the magnetic	magnetic	ADJ	field	NOUN	 field
He led the team in its first season to a 7 – 6 record. In 2010, the Spartans	Spartans	PROPN	finished	VERB	 finished
" Alan Bisbort, writing in the book Rhino's Psychedelic Trip, described Younger Than Yesterday as " an	an	DET	essential	ADJ	 essential
New entrances to the platforms were built, and the entire station was installed with electric lighting. Station Road	Road	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The producers eventually added footage that had been cut and also shot minor pick ups for the ending. Variety	Variety	PROPN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
The version shown in theaters was 65 minutes in length. Those who saw the film in theaters could buy	buy	VERB	a	DET	 a
He also promoted freedom of the press. Several intellectuals and scientists who had left the country in the previous	previous	ADJ	decade	NOUN	 decade
I liked the film, but I'll tell you what. I think this one is a tune up	up	ADP	for	ADP	 for
In the Chicago Reader, Jonathan Rosenbaum wrote that the documentary was an amusing film and an educational commentary on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next morning prosecution spokeswoman Vivian van der Biezen refused to confirm or deny the allegation, simply stating that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The base of the gatehouse is defended from undermining by large " spurs ". This design feature is characteristic	characteristic	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Four battalions of New Zealanders attacked up Krithia Spur the following day and with the 29th Division they managed to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
Domestically, the club concluded the league in third place, just outside the Champions League qualification places. Midway	Midway	ADV	through	ADP	 through
As part of WMG's purchase of Parlophone in 2013, WMG made an agreement with the independent music label	label	NOUN	trade	NOUN	 trade
In these, the sky often took up two thirds of the canvas. In total he produced more than	than	ADP	150	NUM	 150
The game is a sequel to the original Quake modification, Team Fortress, and Valve's Half Life modification	modification	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album produced four singles, only one of which charted on the Billboard Hot 100. At the 43rd	43rd	ADJ	Grammy	PROPN	 Grammy
However, Stoney believed these charges were permanently attached to atoms and could not be removed. In 1881,	,	PUNCT	German	ADJ	 German
The Boston Globe writer James Reed felt that " something " was missing from Gaga's performance, and it	it	PRON	felt	VERB	 felt
Recent events such as the 2001 foot and mouth outbreak and the contention surrounding the September Dossier made him believe	believe	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" Wilson told the British House of Commons in January 1966 that he would not enter any kind of dialogue	dialogue	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
That the Ottoman Empire's intention was to strongly occupy Romani and Kantara is supported by preparations in the southern	southern	ADJ	territory	NOUN	 territory
Judgment Day grossed over $500,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 9,500, and received 220,000 pay per	per	ADP	view	NOUN	 view
The asci (the spore bearing structures) are club shaped, with dimensions of 85 – 125 by 8	8	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
By April 1945, a large part of its Croatian manpower had been lost or released, with the Croatian	Croatian	PROPN	component	NOUN	 component
The cover of the popular song Lili Marleen featured singer Lale Andersen holding a cigarette. The Nazis implemented more	more	ADJ	anti	ADJ	 anti
Moreover, in the spring of 1655, the Archduke was enjoying a period of cordial relations with Oliver Cromwell	Cromwell	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Opie rejected Reynolds's tradition of idealising the subjects of paintings, observing that he did not believe " that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Britain and France were not at war at the time of the engagement, but French support for the Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1957 to 1963 and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
It originally aired on the Fox network on April 26, 2009. The episode features Stewie after he is	is	AUX	attacked	VERB	 attacked
The PlayStation was immediately successful in the U.S., in part due to a massive advertising campaign and strong third	third	ADJ	party	NOUN	 party
Tobin's music has been used in several major motion pictures including The Italian Job and 21. He has	has	AUX	also	ADV	 also
According to Prof. Nick Priest of Middlesex University, an environmental toxicologist and radiation expert, speaking on Sky News	News	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The season ends during Monica and Chandler ’ s wedding where Phoebe and Rachel find a positive pregnancy test in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A 1996 study concluded that between 6,000 and 21,000 pallid sturgeon remained in their natural habitat at that time.	.	PUNCT	Six	NUM	 Six
Wambach provided the assist with a header off a long thrown in to Lori Chalupny who settled it off her	her	PRON	chest	NOUN	 chest
Ken Capobianco of the Boston Globe said that " Say Aah " was one of the " popping tracks "	"	PUNCT	which	DET	 which
Songs such as the title track and " Father, Spirit, Jesus " have worshipful lyrics while others such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The turnaround of the Buffalo program brought acclaim to Bulls head coach Turner Gill, who had taken over the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Rather than use his Friar Park studio, Harrison recorded the album at a facility he admitted to finding "	"	PUNCT	technically	ADV	 technically
These tools are a symbol of the League — " the walking Anarchists who patrolled the world on foot,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Industrialist Joseph Wharton had a near monopoly on the mining of nickel in the United States and sought to	to	PART	promote	VERB	 promote
His platoon was suffering severely and the advance of the Company was stopped by machine gun fire from a "	"	PUNCT	Pill	PROPN	 Pill
The 2nd Shock Army forced its way through the II Army Corps divisional headquarters and artillery positions along the Emajõgi	Emajõgi	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The episode was partially filmed on location in Moscow, the first time in series history where filming took place	place	NOUN	outside	ADP	 outside
A Lock Haven log boom, smaller than but otherwise similar to the Susquehanna Boom at Williamsport, was constructed	constructed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The design is meant to reinforce the " home and school " atmosphere that dates back to the Cottage School	School	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The brief existence of the Viceroyalty of the Rio de la Plata, which had lasted barely 38 years,	,	PUNCT	impeded	VERB	 impeded
A lookalike species of Hygrophorus eburneus is H. piceae, which differs by having a less slimy cap, dry	dry	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Like biochemistry, the overlapping disciplines of bacteriology and virology (later combined as microbiology), situated between science	science	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
An observer in the antumbra, the area of shadow beyond the umbra, will see an annular eclipse.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston serves nearly 300 parishes and is based in the Cathedral of the Holy Cross	Cross	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
' " In October 2014, Feige said the opportunity " certainly " exists for characters in the Netflix series	series	NOUN	to	PART	 to
His flourishing law practice was sited opposite Parliament House in Edinburgh. He became Dean of the Faculty of Advocates	Advocates	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He will use irony, artifice, caprice, imagination and arbitrariness to engineer poetically satisfying possibilities; he is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
Require that if a school official assigned a black pupil to a white school, that official would be suspended	suspended	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Having a lot of missing gaps in the final product, he and editor Kevin Greutert created shots to mend	mend	VERB	together	ADV	 together
At the start of the 2005 – 06 season, Milner scored in Newcastle's 3 – 1 away win	win	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Lucas M. Thomas of IGN wrote that a major fan complaint was the character's strength in the games,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Alan Clayson describes " What Is Life " as a seemingly " lovey dovey pop song " that " craftily	craftily	ADV	renewed	VERB	 renewed
The mushroom is common in western North America, particularly the Pacific Northwest, the Rocky Mountains and the Cascade	Cascade	PROPN	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
Originally named " Everton F.C. and Athletic Grounds Ltd " (Everton Athletic for short), the club became	became	VERB	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
The Organ section is fully polyphonic. The Piano section uses samples of acoustic and electromechanical pianos. The Stage	Stage	NOUN	's	PART	's
With an abundance in the Earth's crust comparable to that of platinum, tellurium is one of the rarest	rarest	ADJ	stable	ADJ	 stable
Wisden observed that he had " given yet another exhibition of his wonderful batsmanship on tricky turf... Hutton thrashed	thrashed	VERB	the	DET	 the
She renames the business ' Daphne's ' and despite an initial struggle, the coffee shop soon begins making	making	VERB	a	DET	 a
His position as judge of the tenth judicial district was assumed by two judges: William Brockinbough and John Scott	Scott	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He travels to Outworld to seek vengeance for the death of his Shaolin monastery brothers. Raiden (played by	by	ADP	Carlos	PROPN	 Carlos
Fly on the Wall, produced by the Young brothers in 1985, was also regarded as uninspired and directionless	directionless	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Her performances in the ODI series were less eye catching, but a half century in the first match helped	helped	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Harvard had the better record against common foes, Florida State and UCF (2 – 0 versus 1 –	–	PUNCT	1	NUM	 1
The following morning, the remaining four were dragged to the Old Palace Yard at Westminster, opposite the building	building	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
She attended the school for four years and founded a short lived rap group called Sweet ' n ' Sour	Sour	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
The St Kilda forward registered a six goal haul against Geelong in round eight, helping to secure an away	away	ADJ	win	NOUN	 win
In October 1901, Alexander married Mary Mason, his first wife's niece. Alexander was selected to give	give	VERB	the	DET	 the
Which set up the six person mixed tag team match, in which they lost to Marella, Melina and	and	CCONJ	Phoenix	PROPN	 Phoenix
Excited at the prospect of being in an Indiana Jones film, LaBeouf agreed without reading the script and did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
As was typical of most films of that era released both as a " road show " (in Cinerama	Cinerama	PROPN	format	NOUN	 format
In the Fifth Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, he hit 153 to break Archie Jackson's record for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sonia Murray of The Atlanta Journal and The Atlanta Constitution said of the track, " ' Ghosts ' pounds	pounds	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
An example of a practical constant velocity generator is a lightly loaded powerful machine, such as a motor,	,	PUNCT	driving	VERB	 driving
This 8 – game winning streak is still the longest winning streak for either side in the series, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
She would have us in one room, we would start collaborating with one producer, then she would go	go	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
These sentiments, according to the Irish philosopher poet Thomas Duddy, " rendered much of the Shavian outlook passé	passé	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, the point where the Red River crossed this line was not marked until 1823, when Stephen Long	Long	PROPN	conducted	VERB	 conducted
Traumatic SAH (tSAH) usually occurs near the site of a skull fracture or intracerebral contusion. It usually	usually	ADV	happens	VERB	 happens
The game spread to Spain during the 19th century, brought back by Spanish troops who returned from missions in	in	ADP	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
Scrutiny of the May 1993 firings of the White House Travel Office employees, an affair that became known as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The delay and changes occurred so that the group could obtain permission to use the samples or use replacements.	.	PUNCT	Five	NUM	 Five
Frank ordered his crew to bail out but was unable to save himself. He received posthumous promotion to Leutnant	Leutnant	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On encountering her new family she observed that Maria, then aged five, was exhibiting behavioural problems, and	and	CCONJ	expressed	VERB	 expressed
Completed in 1809 when Ireland was part of the United Kingdom, it survived until March 1966, when it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It was from here Dundas gained his first victory of the Battle of Britain, in a phase known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
He felt that none of the songs on Shin shiro were " big catchy numbers ", but felt that	that	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Marathi traditions tell that Khandoba came originally from Premapuri, now Pember in Karnataka, then went to Naldurg,	,	PUNCT	Pali	PROPN	 Pali
Jackson's music video for " If " was staged as a futuristic Asian nightclub, with spy cameras monitoring	monitoring	VERB	the	DET	 the
With the legendary goalkeeper Ever Hugo Almeida, Gabriel González, Adriano Samaniego, and star Raul Vicente Amarilla,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
" Amundsen Scott South Pole Station ". Office of Polar Programs. National Science Foundation. 27 April 2009	2009	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The population count slowly declined for the remainder of the 1980s before rising to a high of 3,113 in 1996	1996	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
Saint Remaclus founded the Abbey of Stavelot on the Amblève river circa 650 on lands occupying the border between the	the	DET	bishoprics	NOUN	 bishoprics
Her name was the last to be written in the Queen's seventy year old journal. 25 May 1846	1846	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
She debuted on screen during the episode broadcast on 31 July 1986 and was created by writer Ray Kolle.	.	PUNCT	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
In DSM IV TR the inhibited form is described as persistent failure to initiate or respond in a developmentally appropriate	appropriate	ADJ	fashion	NOUN	 fashion
Similar comments on the cast were woven by Veja magazine, which also commended " the feeling of terror.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Irwansyah writes that Bramantyo intended for viewers to think of the religious conflicts that happen daily, and how to	to	PART	deal	VERB	 deal
Instead, the Court cited UK authorities holding that ouster clauses are ineffective when there has been an absence of	of	ADP	jurisdiction	NOUN	 jurisdiction
Composer Philip Glass composes the avant garde musical score for the non denominational Christmas play. Stone and Parker both	both	PRON	strongly	ADV	 strongly
On 25 July of the same year, the parliament passed several constitutional amendments, including amendment LXXI, which	which	PRON	created	VERB	 created
At the same time, 3Live Kru were having unity problems in the narrative. In February 2005, B.G.	B.G.	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
Blanton Collier, an assistant who took over as the team's head coach after Paul Brown's firing in	in	ADP	1963	NUM	 1963
Eulogies were given by former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, and both	both	PRON	former	ADJ	 former
" Hibs played on The Meadows for the first two years of their history, before moving to grounds in	in	ADP	Newington	PROPN	 Newington
That year, Buczynski decided to stop using his flat as a covenstead, which he moved to the Earth	Earth	PROPN	Star	PROPN	 Star
With these albums came a story that was written by Taylor that coincide with the album. Fans can also	also	ADV	construct	VERB	 construct
The 2009 season proved to be a progressive one for the club, starting with the completion of the stadium	stadium	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The sets include brief audio commentaries by various crew and cast members for several episodes, a collection of deleted	deleted	VERB	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
The entire council is headed by the President of the Legislative Council who serves as the speaker. Judges are	are	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
A personal highlight for Federer came near the end of the season when he finally won his hometown tournament the	the	DET	Swiss	PROPN	 Swiss
is " a straight up album of songs... with key changes and a live band playing them " with	with	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
There, Washington was one of the four co founders of the National Society of the Daughters of the American	American	PROPN	Revolution	PROPN	 Revolution
Desha's hostility for Transylvania and Holley worsened when, in the aftermath of the Isaac Desha trial, a	a	DET	student	NOUN	 student
Production was set to begin in summer 2007 in European locations for a summer 2008 release. In November 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Seeing their struggles influenced his life and business career. In Salt Lake City, Romney worked while attending Roosevelt	Roosevelt	PROPN	Junior	PROPN	 Junior
Archie Comics has made an adaptation of Sonic Unleashed featuring the opening cutscene and Sonic's transformation into the Werehog	Werehog	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Stone said the society ’ s general agent, Samuel May, Jr., reproached her for speaking on women	women	NOUN	’	PUNCT	 ’
Brownhills holds an annual canal festival in June with stalls, entertainment and boat trips, and there is an	an	DET	active	ADJ	 active
A thin skin (or epicarp), which can be either smooth or spiny, covers the fleshy mesocarp	mesocarp	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The conversion work began on 9 January and Centaur was commissioned as an Australian Hospital Ship on 1 March.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
ABC's Ted Koppel reflected on the media's role in the tragedy on Nightline: " We need to	to	PART	begin	VERB	 begin
Brown had already been an Eisner fan, but this book was different, " something that wasn't about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
The episode has subsequently been met with mixed critical responses, facing criticism for its abrupt deus ex machina ending	ending	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Halo 2's soundtrack was composed primarily by Martin O'Donnell and his musical partner Michael Salvatori, the team that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
During that lap Barrichello overtook Frentzen for seventh, whilst Verstappen and Fisichella collided after the Arrows driver tried to	to	PART	pass	VERB	 pass
For example, once common guillemot chicks fledge, they remain with the male parent for several months at sea	sea	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dragons of equal size may resort to " wrestling ". Losers usually retreat, though they have been known	known	VERB	to	PART	 to
At the time of publication Wellek and Warren considered Theory of Literature unparalleled in English language publications, an attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The storm slowly intensified and reached its peak intensity of 60 mph (95 km / h) on May	May	PROPN	29	NUM	 29
In contrast, a number of art historians have noted that his mother's portrait contains bland passages, especially	especially	ADV	around	ADP	 around
A stamp picturing Ramanujan was released by the Government of India in 1962 – the 75th anniversary of Ramanujan's	's	PART	birth	NOUN	 birth
The 2nd Army's command structure fell apart as Bagration was evacuated from the battlefield and the report of him	him	PRON	being	AUX	 being
With one quarter remaining in the game and neither team having scored in the third quarter, the score remained	remained	VERB	28	NUM	 28
All artificial crimes should be abolished. When fantastic restrictions disappear, the greater freedom of the individual will itself	itself	PRON	teach	VERB	 teach
That year, she published two novels: Dimsum Terakhir (The Last Dim Sum) and Utukki: Sayap	Sayap	PROPN	Para	PROPN	 Para
Bouck later said: Suddenly, without warning, a barrage of artillery registered at about 0530 hours and continued	continued	VERB	until	ADP	 until
An abbey erected in Bihar County (now Sâniob, Romania) was named after and dedicated to the veneration	veneration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the house fight sequence, where Robert Downey Jr. staggers around tipsy, we used some of the practical	practical	ADJ	suit	NOUN	 suit
The judge dismissed the fact that the Registrar had held meetings with her senior officers and had taken extended periods	periods	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sattler assists the park's game warden, Robert Muldoon, in a search for survivors, but they only	only	ADV	find	VERB	 find
Muncy Creek then turns northeast, crossing Pennsylvania Route 405 and turns southwest, crossing Interstate 180. The creek	creek	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
The next day, it made landfall in Peravia Province in the Dominican Republic. After crossing the country and	and	CCONJ	exiting	VERB	 exiting
The broken wing symbolizes the voluntary sacrifice and death. The naked body symbolizes Eros, the most important god	god	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tribute extracted from the neighbors and war booty added to the royal treasury, giving rise to the saying that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
However, Rodes beat Schurz to Oak Hill, so the XI Corps division was forced to take up positions	positions	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Later, on 2 September 1999, Rossiter sent a second letter. Kitchman said she spoke to Arthurworrey about	about	ADP	this	PRON	 this
" We realized that there are things connecting the songs across three albums, like an invisible hand was guiding	guiding	VERB	us	PRON	 us
The historian David Knowles said of Bethune that he was a man of wide outlook, with a great desire	desire	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This is no longer considered credible and Hubert, today, is credited with very few works. By 1912	1912	NUM	the	DET	 the
Desha and Sharp had been colleagues in Congress, and Desha re appointed Sharp as attorney general. The Relief	Relief	PROPN	faction	NOUN	 faction
Pascal Raffy is the current owner. Watch making was introduced to Fleurier by Daniel Jean Jacques Henri Vaucher,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The anime aired in Japan between July 5 and September 27, 2015. An original video animation episode was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Because the school is usually over subscribed, priority is given to students in Local Authority Care in the first	first	ADJ	instance	NOUN	 instance
The conflict led to a fist fight between the two on April 21, 2014, in a team practice	practice	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Promoted to temporary captain on 1 June 1918, Howell led a party of three machines out on patrol eight	eight	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Growth that depletes ecosystem services is sometimes termed " uneconomic growth " as it leads to a decline in quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" He said the director and producers wanted an " old school, hands off, lo fi approach to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song was also included on the 1990 compilation album The Immaculate Collection and the two disc edition of her	her	PRON	2009	NUM	 2009
There were four tracks past the station, in addition to two track to the cargo area. The cargo	cargo	NOUN	building	NOUN	 building
He sought $15 million in aid from the Inter American Development Bank. The country's government handled relief	relief	NOUN	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King had invited Macdonald to run for federal office during the general election of 1935	1935	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Andrew Burgess from musicOMH wrote that on the song the singer " oozes swagger. " Melinda Newman of	of	ADP	HitFix	PROPN	 HitFix
Spang also owns an old Western ghost town, named Spectreville, restored to be his own private holiday retreat	retreat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Time magazine's Richard Corliss calls Piccadilly Wong's best film, and The Guardian reports that the rediscovery of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
They also feature metallic facades and aesthetic curves, but they are said to be more refined, reduced and	and	CCONJ	dynamic	ADJ	 dynamic
Oldham is however known to be a derivative of Aldehulme, undoubtedly an Old Norse name. It is believed	believed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Recording in France also enabled the band to get away from distractions such as " clean [ing] the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
2 of 1959). Singapore: Printed at the Government Printing Office. State Arms & Flag of Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Sviatoslav's appearance has been described very clearly by Leo the Deacon, who himself attended the meeting of Sviatoslav	Sviatoslav	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
However, the most common explanation is that Kirilenko grew estranged was because of his weakened position within the Collective	Collective	ADJ	leadership	NOUN	 leadership
In 2002, Pope John Paul II canonized Escrivá, and called him " the saint of ordinary life.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In July 2012, Manchester United was ranked first by Forbes magazine in its list of the ten most valuable	valuable	ADJ	sports	NOUN	 sports
Elsewhere in the gorge the state bought land abandoned by lumber companies, sometimes for less than $2 per	per	ADP	acre	NOUN	 acre
Mido was linked with a move to A.S. Roma in late May, with Roma chairman Franco Sensi stating "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
In the early 1880s, Rockefeller created one of his most important innovations. Rather than try to influence the	the	DET	price	NOUN	 price
This later caused Obama to quip, " We donated a $60 million helicopter to this operation. Could	Could	AUX	we	PRON	 we
Meanwhile, Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) considers graphic design. The genesis for the episode came from an	an	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
The roadway passes near several small lakes near Idlewild and turns southeasterly into Chase. The highway exits the Manistee	Manistee	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
Glicken's remains were found four days later, and were cremated according to his parents ' wishes. To	To	ADP	date	NOUN	 date
Following the Royal Rumble, Carlito started a feud with Ric Flair, in which Flair insulted Carlito for leaving	leaving	VERB	a	DET	 a
Throughout the state, a total of 90 shelters were opened. Coahuila did not close its schools, expecting	expecting	VERB	Alex	PROPN	 Alex
This suggests at least a further 16 B 17s, 14 B 24s, eight P 51s, and at	at	ADV	least	ADJ	 least
A 2,000 square foot (190 m2) boat house is also located there. Canoes and kayaks can be	be	AUX	rented	VERB	 rented
Kimi Räikkönen finished third for Ferrari. It was the twelfth one two finish for Mercedes, cementing a record	record	NOUN	breaking	VERB	 breaking
This is important as it allows the formation and breakdown of glucose to be regulated separately, and prevents both	both	DET	pathways	NOUN	 pathways
In May 1978 Jacqueline Kennedy, widow of the president, visited the memorial and planted a tree in the	the	DET	forest	NOUN	 forest
He used a grand fleet with stately royal ships when meeting with other Scandinavian rulers, and actively sent letters	letters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
I try to do songs that are a bit happier and a bit more complicated. I think there are	are	VERB	too	ADV	 too
The demo is based on the game's beginning, showing Eddie's arrival and his encounters up until the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Her father consulted her on how to make the newspaper relevant to the youth of the era. Anna became	became	VERB	interested	ADJ	 interested
Shane Satterfield of GameSpot went so far as to say that the game " makes other Nintendo 64 games look	look	VERB	like	ADP	 like
Other commentators see Nancy as " a paradox — which may be why feminists can laud her as a formative	formative	ADJ	'	PUNCT	 '
The entire length of PA 132 is part of the National Highway System. Street Road was originally surveyed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the Chesapeake and Ohio was consolidated with several other large railroads in the 1980s to form CSX Transportation,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He discussed arrangements of musical works for military band with bandmasters, encouraged and reviewed their efforts, held concerts	concerts	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The Russians suffered a significant defeat at the Battle of the Tchernaya on August 16. The Fifth Bombardment took	took	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
Revamped as a surreal sketch group, The Greatest Show on Legs became a regular at the Tramshed venue in	in	ADP	Woolwich	PROPN	 Woolwich
Over the next two weeks, the division pushed the 13th Assault Division north to the area of Mrkopalj and	and	CCONJ	Delnice	PROPN	 Delnice
In 2006, Sancho became the first Gillingham player ever to play in the World Cup finals, and technically	technically	ADV	the	DET	 the
Their elder son, Bohemond, was five at the time of Raymond's death. He seized Antioch from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The team later announced their intentions to race despite the incident. Sebastian Vettel qualified on pole, his first	first	ADJ	since	SCONJ	 since
In 1796, Edward Jenner, a doctor in Berkeley, Gloucestershire, rural England, discovered that immunity to	to	PART	smallpox	VERB	 smallpox
The dreadnoughts Nassau and Posen, four light cruisers, and 31 torpedo boats breached the defenses to the gulf	gulf	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He said that he would lobby the UK government to scrap the UK Trident programme if UK Labour leader Ed	Ed	PROPN	Miliband	PROPN	 Miliband
Tacitus claims that Domitian ordered his recall because Agricola's successes outshone the Emperor's own modest victories in Germania	Germania	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Dissatisfied with this, Hergé wanted to write and draw his own cartoon strip. He already had experience creating	creating	VERB	comic	ADJ	 comic
Although the class was planned to be the U.S. ' s first battlecruisers, it was not of a new	new	ADJ	design	NOUN	 design
At his execution in January 1606 for his involvement in the Gunpowder Plot, Guy Fawkes managed to break his	his	PRON	neck	NOUN	 neck
Triton's entire surface is cut by complex valleys and ridges, probably the result of tectonics and icy volcanism	volcanism	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Strickland's first aired television project as a cast regular was the David E. Kelley produced series The Wedding	Wedding	NOUN	Bells	NOUN	 Bells
Rosberg finished in front of Hamilton, in 11th. Barrichello and Button took the next two positions; both	both	DET	drivers	NOUN	 drivers
1866: Wales first women's Suffrage Petition is signed, among its signatories is Mary Rose Crawshay. 1884	1884	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
When I finish playing the game, it's not how much money I made that is going to be	be	AUX	my	PRON	 my
In November 1884, Parker conspired with a group of Boston shippers, who filled Mary Celeste with a largely	largely	ADV	worthless	ADJ	 worthless
In 1947, No. 1831 was given electric lighting and converted to oil burning as part of government backed	backed	VERB	fuel	NOUN	 fuel
The area experiences a significant summer wet season, as nearly two thirds of the annual precipitation falls in the	the	DET	months	NOUN	 months
Utami has said the stories reflect some of her personal experiences, such as her loss of religion which mirrors	mirrors	VERB	that	PRON	 that
However, it was sensitive to the weather, and put immense pressure and strain on crews who had to	to	PART	remain	VERB	 remain
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s Gedangan remained a center of Catholic activity in Semarang. The Jesuit provincial superior continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
Winston Churchill reportedly advised Maugham to burn 14 other stories. The Czech revolutionary network in Europe also had a	a	DET	role	NOUN	 role
Furthermore, in 1964, Pope Paul VI praised the organization in a handwritten letter to Escrivá, saying:	:	PUNCT	Opus	PROPN	 Opus
" At the afternoon session, the eleven resolutions were read again, and each one was voted on individually	individually	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
(New York: Lane and Tippett, 1847 (1851); New York, 1853 (1854)	)	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
A short distance past the Street Road intersection, PA 232 passes into Solebury Township and crosses the Pidcock Creek	Creek	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The 1650s, when the Friends were most confrontational, was one of the most creative periods of their history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During the Jordanian period, the adjacent villages of Rafidia, Balata al Balad, al Juneid and Askar were	were	AUX	annexed	VERB	 annexed
According to a study by Enigma Research Corporation of Toronto, the Citrus Bowl's record breaking attendance brought an	an	DET	estimated	VERB	 estimated
Nevertheless, the killings left a leadership void in the political establishment. Conspiracy theories immediately flourished that the gunmen	gunmen	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The government public health system does not provide adequate measures such as free HIV testing, only further worsening the	the	DET	problem	NOUN	 problem
His assailant was John Bellingham, a Liverpool merchant with a grievance against the government. Bellingham was detained and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
The two stations in the cemetery were very similar in design. North station served the Nonconformist section of the	the	DET	cemetery	NOUN	 cemetery
In 1920, Sporting Clube de Braga's manager returned from a game at Highbury and changed his team's	's	PART	green	ADJ	 green
Although Kusaeri's men initially shot at the commander, after Sudirman used a loudspeaker to tell them they would	would	AUX	not	PART	 not
At the end of the regular season, Josefson had scored 8 goals and 20 points in 43 games.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A religious charter would be necessary in Pennsylvania or NJ to make it stick. But I sure could make	make	VERB	it	PRON	 it
All species of kinglet are almost exclusively insectivorous, preying on small arthropods with soft cuticles, such as springtails	springtails	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Against the Rams in week sixteen, Mitchell caught a seven yard touchdown pass from McNabb in the first quarter	quarter	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Rudolf Schnaubelt, the police ’ s lead suspect as the bomb thrower, was arrested twice early on and	and	CCONJ	released	VERB	 released
The episode dealt a lot with the character of Cleveland Brown, which is one of the characters for which	which	PRON	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
Staten also has studied at the University of Chicago where is he received a Master of Arts degree in international	international	ADJ	relations	NOUN	 relations
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, also presidential candidates, both voiced their support for	for	ADP	Davis	PROPN	 Davis
When the storm began moving to the south, it lost its identity very rapidly. Ignacio weakened to depression	depression	VERB	status	NOUN	 status
After a run at the Berkeley Repertory Theatre in 2009, the show moved to the St. James Theatre on	on	ADP	Broadway	PROPN	 Broadway
He felt well during training camp but suffered an injury after a collision during a preseason game on October 26	26	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Three months prior to its broadcast, an incomplete version of the pilot was released through BitTorrent clients, fueling	fueling	VERB	speculation	NOUN	 speculation
All tissues of the fruit body will turn yellow if a drop of dilute potassium hydroxide is applied. The	The	DET	spores	NOUN	 spores
As Madison's population grew, the church became too small for the expanding congregation. In addition, its	its	PRON	location	NOUN	 location
However, during the withdrawal two Australians were left behind and were subsequently captured by the Chinese: Private Robert	Robert	PROPN	Parker	PROPN	 Parker
The vowels of Ulster Irish are more divergent and are not discussed in this article. The backness of vowels	vowels	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In the sector of the 38th Infantry Division Dravska, one German column pushed towards Maribor from Mureck, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 2012, Kiplinger's Personal Finance ranked South Bend eighth in the " Ten Best Cities for Cheapskates "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
During the attempted coup d'état on 26 February by disgruntled Army officers, the ship was deployed in Tokyo Bay	Bay	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Telltale Games has not ruled out the option of porting the game to Xbox Live and Linux. However,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
On the May 7, 2007 episode of Raw, Edge interrupted an in ring promo by the winner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A fifth generation member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints (LDS Church), he	he	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In mild and avirulent viruses, the structure of the hemagglutinin means that it can only be cleaved by proteases	proteases	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
Both player characters are robots that control separate portal guns and can use the other character's portals. Each	Each	DET	player	NOUN	 player
Ludacris ' Word of Mouf and Mystikal's Tarantula were also nominated for Best Rap Album. Nelly also earned	earned	VERB	nominations	NOUN	 nominations
Their 21st place finish in the 2008 – 09 season meant it was their sixth successive season playing in the	the	DET	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
The proximity of Allied forces had caused the majority of the city's government officials to flee before the evacuation	evacuation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As one studio executive put it, " On any film there are ten variables that can kill you.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
He was then rested from the match against South of England, which ended in a rain affected draw.	.	PUNCT	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
Many of the staff from the Ludlow incarnation of Hibiscus agreed to move to London to continue working at the	the	DET	restaurant	NOUN	 restaurant
By the end of 1922, Ireland was partitioned, the Irish Free State was established, and Lloyd George	George	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Wittmann briefed the Panzer Lehr Division Intelligence Officer and was given a Schwimmwagen to return to Point 213. Kauffmann	Kauffmann	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
The Soviet 45 millimetre model 1932 gun was replaced by the T 34's 76.2 millimetre gun, while the	the	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
He did not play in the win over Chile or in the infamous defeat to the United States, but	but	CCONJ	played	VERB	 played
The song was leaked to radio stations early, despite Epic Records ' attempt to keep it off air until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a consequence, all polymerases work in a 5′ to 3′ direction. In the active site of these	these	DET	enzymes	NOUN	 enzymes
A secco recitative, " Ach, daß der Fluch, so dort die Erde schlägt " (Alas,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Gene expression can be regulated at any step: from transcriptional initiation, to RNA processing, to post translational	translational	ADJ	modification	NOUN	 modification
With the introduction of the Tantra traditions and philosophy of Yoga, the conception of the " transcendent " to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The 1923 – 24 season began with tragedy, as Tigers ' forward Foley Martin died of blood poisoning during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
She participated in some major group exhibitions, such as Papunya Tula: Genesis and Genius at the Art Gallery	Gallery	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
To fulfil its role as a safeguard against any parliamentary or executive propensity to majoritarian or sectarian politics, it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
Regional economic activity was severely lowered, as 19% of the local economy was related to Loring Air Force	Force	PROPN	Base	PROPN	 Base
These are usually based on a bus. Bariatric ambulance – A special type of patient transport ambulance designed for	for	ADP	extremely	ADV	 extremely
The influential ninth century Irish philosopher Johannes Scotus Eriugena had a thorough knowledge of Greek, and through his translations	translations	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
President Johnson stated that he had been moved by letters from many members of the public to agree with the	the	DET	plan	NOUN	 plan
In 1982, Kiep served as the leading candidate for the CDU in two separate state elections in his hometown	hometown	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Through faith in Jesus Christ this gracious gift may be received in this life both gradually and instantaneously, and	and	CCONJ	should	AUX	 should
Born in Litchfield County, Connecticut, James Morris spent his early life hoping and training to be a minister	minister	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Feminist economists depart from traditional economics in that they say " ethical judgments are a valid, inescapable, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Enough funds were raised for Darlington to complete the season, but relegation was confirmed with three matches remaining.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
The commissioner then tasks Sam and Max with infiltrating the Toy Mafia, a criminal organisation operating from a casino	casino	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Indonesian historian Benny G. Setiono, the outbreak was followed by increased suspicion and resentment in native Indonesians	Indonesians	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also told Acquaviva that " there is a risk that some private endeavour may commit treason or use force	force	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Many of the new details in Smith's book were unsourced, while others were not supported by the sources	sources	NOUN	given	VERB	 given
The non dance remix was approved by Madonna and was another exclusive release to her Tidal account. Hugh McIntyre	McIntyre	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Brezhnev's patron Khrushchev succeeded Stalin as General Secretary, while Khrushchev's opponent Malenkov succeeded Stalin as Chairman of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
His reaction when told by Carr was to protest that he was not good enough; Carr assured him that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
They were later translated into Chinese and other Asian languages, helping spread ideas of Tantric Buddhism. The Buddhist	Buddhist	ADJ	text	NOUN	 text
On April 28, the Maniot army joined Kolokotronis forces at Karytainia. From there they went to Tripoli and	and	CCONJ	started	VERB	 started
It was among the first of his prints to be published after the Engraving Copyright Act 1734 (which Hogarth	Hogarth	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Negotiations with Spain continued as the court considered the evidence, but on March 20, the court ruled that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Compared with previous installments, God of War III offers a revamped magic system, more onscreen enemies, new	new	ADJ	camera	NOUN	 camera
With the British naval blockade tightening and threatening the state's coastal communities in early 1814, Strong authorized U.	U.	PROPN	S.	PROPN	 S.
The author wrote Wonder Boys in a dizzy seven month streak, without telling his agent or publisher he'd	'd	AUX	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
It was only after Anderson worked with series creator Chris Carter and executive producer Frank Spotnitz that the script was	was	AUX	finished	VERB	 finished
His teammate, Ola Vigen Hattestad, won golds in the individual and team sprint events. Estonia's Andrus	Andrus	PROPN	Veerpalu	PROPN	 Veerpalu
Seeking to separate at least the western Kennebec from French influence, he adopted a fairly hard line, threatening	threatening	VERB	to	PART	 to
" However, she felt Swift's vocal performance was not incredible, but was passionate to complement the song	song	NOUN	's	PART	's
West Honaker took on a load of grain and then proceeded in convoy from Boston to Halifax in early May	May	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the conclusion of World War II in 1945, The United States Army sold off military surplus and for	for	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Though he had been set to join Team Canada for the 1980 Winter Olympics, the Flames convinced Reinhart to	to	PART	sign	VERB	 sign
Within a year, he successively rose from basileopator to Caesar, and was eventually crowned senior emperor on 17	17	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
The Palace of the Underworld is entered via three step vaulted arches on the eastern side of the second terrace	terrace	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Regulators then assembled a large firing squad and prepared to carry out the execution. The Regulators divided themselves	themselves	PRON	into	ADP	 into
In Boulder Creek, another tributary of Spring Creek, the acidity level has lowered slightly. In 1985,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
A prominent result is the Great Red Spot, a giant storm that is known to have existed since at	at	ADP	least	ADJ	 least
It wasn't until 1978 that Oregon earned its first victory in the series, which ended UCLA's 34	34	NUM	dual	ADJ	 dual
In addition to acting in films, Sharma is the ambassador for multiple brands and has an active social media	media	NOUN	presence	NOUN	 presence
Realizing shortly after that it is Yaniv who is in custody, she explains that she had hoped that the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Thirty Seconds to Mars unveiled six songs from their fourth studio album Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
" The most infamous was the CIA's alleged plot to capitalize on Castro's well known love of cigars	cigars	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The Germans raised the ship again, which was sunk a second time by bombers in September 1944. Taranto	Taranto	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Fairman left to edit Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine at the end of 1958, and his place was taken	taken	VERB	by	ADP	 by
This suggests that nascent ASL was highly affected by the other signing systems brought by the ASD students, despite	despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The second column was under the command of Major General John Vaughan and accompanied by General Howe. It consisted	consisted	VERB	of	ADP	 of
It stands on the River Douglas, 7.9 miles (13 km) south west of Bolton, 10 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The secondary battery consisted of twelve 240 mm / 50 Modèle 1902 guns in twin turrets, three on either	either	DET	side	NOUN	 side
Solanum watneyi, a species of bush tomato from Australia, has been named after the character of Mark Watney	Watney	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He was sent down to the Triple A Colorado Springs Sky Sox of the Pacific Coast League a few times	times	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
The young females may get pregnant by then. The young males, as they mature by two years,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
In January 2013, a fan made live action version of the film was posted on YouTube that received more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Beginning in 1893, a 3.85 mile (6.20 km) branch line of the Lehigh Valley Railroad ran from	from	ADP	Ricketts	PROPN	 Ricketts
They could fire a 70 – 90 pound (31.8 – 40.8 kg) shell to a range of 3,450	3,450	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
The system initially had two circulations that consolidated into one by September 5. That day, Hurricane Hunters observed	observed	VERB	55	NUM	 55
While the band was skeptical at first, each member began writing their own musical parts and the song became	became	VERB	one	NUM	 one
The temperature of the photosphere is approximately 6,000 K, whereas the temperature of the corona reaches 1,000,000 – 2,000,000	2,000,000	NUM	K.	NOUN	 K.
Having heard the shrieks of the victims as they were thrown into the water, one slave requested that the	the	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
The run, about 60 kilometres (37 mi) from east to west, includes Class IV + rapids	rapids	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For their involvement in the fighting in New Guinea, in 1961 the 49th Battalion was awarded three battle honours	honours	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In his book Fab Four FAQ 2.0, Robert Rodriguez likewise bemoans EMI / Capitol's attempt to humiliate Harrison	Harrison	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
To be able to plug in to that and let that carry you in to a performance is such a	a	DET	gas	NOUN	 gas
She later admitted that the public's response was " puzzling " to her. She also stated that she	she	PRON	attempted	VERB	 attempted
Unusual for a boy born and raised in Canada, Anderson's hockey idol was not Canadian. Instead,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
The third single, " Fly on the Wall " was released on February 27, 2009 as the final	final	ADJ	single	NOUN	 single
However, the invasion was aborted. Meanwhile, settlers were sent to the Pacific islands of Palau and the	the	DET	Marianas	PROPN	 Marianas
Following the broadcast of the previous installment, " Pretty Much Dead Already ", The Walking Dead took a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
The Bhagavata Purana enumerates the following 28: Tamisra, Andhatamisra, Raurava, Maharaurava, Kumbhipaka, Kalasutra,	,	PUNCT	Asipatravana	PROPN	 Asipatravana
Though Nebraska was now a member of a new conference — the former Big Eight Conference had been merged with	with	ADP	four	NUM	 four
With his initiative, the Special Regiment was established in September 1990. Composed of 26 platoons and a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In addition to accounting for over 90% of spider species, the Araneomorphae, also known as the "	"	PUNCT	true	ADJ	 true
The British were initially confused as to the cause of the sinking, suspecting either an on board explosion or	or	CCONJ	aerial	ADJ	 aerial
Lavigne's earlier influences came from country music acts such as Garth Brooks, the Dixie Chicks and Shania Twain	Twain	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The male element is a destructive force, stern, selfish, aggrandizing, loving war, violence, conquest	conquest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With little warning, Archer, Sato and Reed suddenly begin to transform physically into a new species, but	but	CCONJ	T	PRON	 T
Eric B., KRS One, L. A. Reid, Babyface and Teddy Riley also joined him onstage, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
It covers 14,330 square metres (154,200 sq ft) and can handle 150,000 tonnes (170,000 short tons)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Copsey commented that the song was simply " another shouty electro hop nugget that's as rowdy and intimidating as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
For his degree, Franco prepared his departmental honors thesis as a novel under the supervision of Mona Simpson.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
The flotilla arrived off Valparaiso on 30 October, and the following evening, von Spee received intelligence that a	a	DET	British	ADJ	 British
After the 2007 – 08 season, Filatov was subsequently selected sixth overall at the Draft by the Columbus Blue	Blue	PROPN	Jackets	PROPN	 Jackets
The dam is operated by the Grand River Dam Authority and creates Grand Lake o ' the Cherokees. After	After	ADP	decades	NOUN	 decades
By 10 February, when Prevost's force linked up with Maitland's, Fort Desaix was the only remaining	remaining	ADJ	point	NOUN	 point
He praised the increased frame rate and graphics options offered in the PC version. VideoGamer.com called the console version	version	NOUN	's	PART	's
An alumna of Kalakshetra in Madras (now Chennai) under the tutelage of Srimathi Rukmini Devi Arundale, she	she	PRON	emigrated	VERB	 emigrated
" He was sent in a Lockheed F 104 Starfighter to inspect Delamar Dry Lake in southern Nevada, again	again	ADV	for	ADP	 for
Speyer put up the necessary funds, encouraged Newman and Wood to continue with their project of musical education,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This topographic relief is the greatest elevation gradient in the contiguous United States and is the terminus point of the	the	DET	Great	PROPN	 Great
Jetfire's plan works, as Cloudburst's team, now equipped with Thunderwing's technology, is able to	to	PART	dispose	VERB	 dispose
The Orphanage was picked up by Picturehouse at the Berlin Film Festival for American distribution. The Orphanage was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The village of Velika Glava fell to the Serbs before mid day, and by the late afternoon the Rajin	Rajin	PROPN	Grob	PROPN	 Grob
He batted.318 with a.505 on base percentage and 24 stolen bases. After two years at the University of Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Storm petrels also use dynamic soaring and slope soaring to travel over the ocean surface. Dynamic soaring is used	used	VERB	mostly	ADV	 mostly
11th printing: A Latin version by Jodocus Hondius and John Isaac Pontanus appeared in London in 1659. Octavo	Octavo	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In a later interview, Honeywood stated that the biggest issue was with the multiple religious references, and the	the	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
The troop program and activities are determined by the senior patrol leader and the patrol leaders council under the oversight	oversight	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Cycle Center conducts two- to three hour tours, with reservations dependent on the seasons. Tours include the	the	DET	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
He noted that 27.8% of judicial review cases in Singapore since 1957 have been successful. However, certain	certain	ADJ	matters	NOUN	 matters
The columns tapered after the 66th floor, and consisted of welded box sections at lower floors and rolled wide	wide	ADJ	flange	NOUN	 flange
The 12.24 kilometer (7.61 mi) line was built as a narrow gauge branch line of the Jæren Line	Line	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
The camp is serviced by a carrier boat, the North Islander, which visits the island every three days	days	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Paper Clip " premiered on the Fox network on September 29, 1995, and was first broadcast in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Released in 1991, the movie went direct to video. Soon after, he became a recurring cast	cast	NOUN	member	NOUN	 member
There are several rooms attached to the rear of the structure that lack direct access to the main building;	;	PUNCT	these	PRON	 these
Hütter and Schneider met with musicians David Bowie and Iggy Pop prior to recording which influenced song lyrics. Maxime	Maxime	PROPN	Schmitt	PROPN	 Schmitt
Forming out of an area of low pressure on February 10, Nancy quickly organized into a small, but	but	CCONJ	intense	ADJ	 intense
The latter two songs were accepted for Madonna's self titled debut album, in a reworked version; however	however	ADV	the	DET	 the
A week later, they reached Fort Robinson, which the Stephen garrison had abandoned but stashed a large supply	supply	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He ran as a Republican for county prosecutor of the Ninth Missouri Judicial District. By the fall of 1864	1864	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, Longyearbyen does provide supplies, accommodation and several museums. In 2008, Longyearbyen experienced 89,000 guest nights	nights	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" For decades, the commercial technology for separating tantalum from niobium involved the fractional crystallization of potassium heptafluorotantalate away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
It is often referred to as the Devbhumi (literally: " Land of the Gods ") due to	to	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The show enjoyed consistently high Appreciation Index ratings: " Love & Monsters ", regarded by Doctor Who fans	fans	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Waldman was the head of Group TR 6 (Airborne Measurements) for the Trinity nuclear test in July 1945	1945	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The film grossed $400 million during its worldwide theatrical run. In 1989, seven years after the events	events	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He hit a game winning double on August 18, against the Cincinnati Reds in the top of the tenth	tenth	ADJ	inning	NOUN	 inning
Crean had caught Captain Scott's attention with his attitude and work ethic on the Discovery Expedition, and in	in	ADP	1906	NUM	 1906
In November 2011, GTTV host Geoff Keighley said that Valve was developing a simplified level editing tool to allow	allow	VERB	novice	NOUN	 novice
The airport is currently served by 10 airlines and offers 390 daily arriving and departing flights with nonstop flights to	to	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
In contrast, sea surface temperatures during the 2005 season were well above average. Overall, the season's	's	PART	activity	NOUN	 activity
Achilles's foremast was converted to a tripod mast to support the weight of a fire control director after the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 miles (6.8 km) Championship Course on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Baptism also unites the baptized with Christ's history, meaning that the person can be said to have died	died	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
When one lap is finished, the player's " ghost " (a replay of the lap that was	was	AUX	just	ADV	 just
The Mountaineers also once enjoyed a fierce rivalry with their Appalachia counterparts, the Virginia Tech Hokies. The schools	schools	NOUN	once	ADV	 once
In January 2010, Wade and Alonzo Mourning co founded The Athletes Relief Fund for Haiti ", which raised	raised	VERB	money	NOUN	 money
Sniper Wolf's costume can also be developed for the character Quiet in Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom	Phantom	PROPN	Pain	PROPN	 Pain
" Like Newby, I was in a soulless job, desperate for change and adventure. Reading A Short	Short	PROPN	Walk	PROPN	 Walk
In this setting, Domalpalli tells his story with tender precision, and never an awkward moment. " Ebert	Ebert	PROPN	listed	VERB	 listed
Calhoun labored to raise troops, provide funds, speed logistics, rescue the currency, and regulate commerce to	to	PART	aid	VERB	 aid
Sharmila Tagore starred as Doyamoyee, a young wife who is deified by her father in law. Ray was	was	AUX	worried	ADJ	 worried
Boyd moved north upstream about 5 miles (8.0 km) and crossed the Savannah River there, skirmishing with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
When the question arose as to whether Laucke would ever play de Lucía's compositions in public, he advised	advised	VERB	Laucke	PROPN	 Laucke
" However, after the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989, the popularity of imported exotic breeds nearly	nearly	ADV	drove	VERB	 drove
WASP 15 has a metallicity of [Fe / H] of -0.17, which means that it has 68	68	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Mackin joined Conference Premier team Droylsden on a one month loan on 24 January 2008, having made seven appearances	appearances	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The initial non military application of waveguide filters was in the microwave links used by telecommunications companies to provide the	the	DET	backbone	NOUN	 backbone
" Multiple publications including Giant Bomb, Kotaku, MTV and GameTrailers gave XCOM: Enemy Unknown their overall Game	Game	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Despite this, he eventually qualified as a parachute instructor, although the footnote on his course report read,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
After his 1955 song " Folsom Prison Blues ", Cash had been interested in recording a performance at a	a	DET	prison	NOUN	 prison
The community nearest the volcano is Cougar, Washington, in the Lewis River valley 11 miles (18 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
On 8 May 2013, Ferguson announced that he was to retire as manager at the end of the football	football	NOUN	season	NOUN	 season
As a replacement, a new G 1203 BB was bought from Maschinenbau Kiel and was delivered to Kirkenes on	on	ADP	8	NUM	 8
Adolf of Berg died in 1437 and his cousin, Gerhard IV, the Duke of Jülich and Count of	of	ADP	Ravensburg	PROPN	 Ravensburg
When casualties were suffered they were reported as having occurred within Malaysian territory. 3 RAR formally relieved a British	British	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
The ship was used as a floating barracks by the Third Destroyer Division from 1902 to 1908 and was then	then	ADV	used	VERB	 used
Prizes included silver trophies for the mounted sports, and perhaps also money for the other events. The contests	contests	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Following the season's conclusion, Urlacher received minor neck surgery to treat his arthritic back. During the off	off	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
" Chris Martin of Coldplay remarked that, " It would be interesting to see how the world would be	be	AUX	different	ADJ	 different
The role of lymphocytes in mediating both cell mediated and humoral responses was demonstrated by James Gowans in 1959.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The specific epithet abruptibulbus refers to the abruptly (abrupti-) swollen (-bulbus) shape of the bulb at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
) One of the simplest branched structures is a four arm junction that consists of four individual DNA strands,	,	PUNCT	portions	NOUN	 portions
Shane later sleeps with Niki, leaving Jenny heartbroken. In season six, it is revealed that Jenny is	is	AUX	dead	ADJ	 dead
The core gameplay of Dead Head Fred revolves around Fred's missing head and his ability to " switch "	"	PUNCT	heads	NOUN	 heads
0.1677 pounds (76.1 g) of phosphorus per day comes from land classified as " transition " by the	the	DET	Pennsylvania	PROPN	 Pennsylvania
All games were eight ends long, and there were no extra ends. Also, six mixed doubles games	games	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The habitat meat ants live in may affect their dominance among the fauna. They are less successful in complex	complex	ADJ	habitats	NOUN	 habitats
She elaborated: " So you think that must be kind of a sad ballad, but it's a	a	DET	party	NOUN	 party
The Countess's increasing intimacy with her husband and daughter was painful and vexing to Teresa Cristina. Although she	she	PRON	feigned	VERB	 feigned
The police write off his death as a heart attack; Shawn and Gus are skeptical, and break into	into	ADP	Cavanaugh	PROPN	 Cavanaugh
(Meanwhile, his father had been writing a treatise on " the means of preventing thefts and murders,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After the end of the War of 1812, the population of St. Louis and the Missouri Territory began expanding	expanding	VERB	quickly	ADV	 quickly
It is routinely featured in travel guides and other visitor information, and has even garnered international recognition through such	such	ADJ	publications	NOUN	 publications
Dunstan had never been happy that governors were usually British ex servicemen; it was a personal goal of his	his	PRON	to	PART	 to
Mark Curry and Holly Robinson of the ABC sitcom Hangin ' with Mr. Cooper co hosted for 1993 – 94	94	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As early as 1914, Victor David Brenner, designer of the Lincoln cent, submitted unsolicited designs for the	the	DET	silver	ADJ	 silver
Stricklett split the 1900 season with Wheeling and the Toledo Mud Hens, also of the Interstate League, pitching	pitching	VERB	to	ADP	 to
As noted above, this version of events was almost taken for granted at the time of the sinking.	.	PUNCT	Doubt	PROPN	 Doubt
The cathedral was sympathetically restored between 1845 and 1870 by the architect George Gilbert Scott. As the seat of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
A prominent pair of horns protruded obliquely above the eyes. These horns, formed by the frontal bones,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
By the time Helbig received the coveted decoration, he had flown 122 combat missions. Helbig's success in	in	ADP	surviving	VERB	 surviving
Fighting elephants may roar or squeal, and wounded ones may bellow. Rumbles are produced during mild arousal and	and	CCONJ	some	PRON	 some
Gibbs has worked in the timber industry, as a manager with a whitewater rafting company in Lake Luzerne,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
NY 23 was extended westward to NY 12 in Norwich in the mid 1920s. In the 1930 renumbering of	of	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
The system recurved east of Taiwan, dissipating by December 14. The initial tropical disturbance formed on November 30	30	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Despite the domination of the print industry, other businesses were also established on Fleet Street. The Automobile Association	Association	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Once Birmingham Dissenters started to agitate for the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, which restricted Dissenters '	'	PART	civil	ADJ	 civil
He then defeated three time former quarterfinalist Tommy Robredo to get to his first semifinal of a Grand Slam.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
A versatile player, he was capable of playing both as a centre back and as a left back.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
On 24 May, she lost one of her helicopters after the crew pushed their chopper to the limit of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Reflecting a design speed of 350 km / h (217 mph), track layout was designed with a	a	DET	minimum	ADJ	 minimum
Conducting meta analyses of recent studies, she demonstrates that, while statistically significant differences in measures of mean risk	risk	NOUN	aversion	NOUN	 aversion
In contrast, in Hegra no one from the municipal council chose to attend the opening ceremony, and no	no	DET	one	NOUN	 one
She operated under the name USCGC Porter (CG 7) until 1933, when she was returned to the	the	DET	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
Five UCF programs as among the nation's " Best Graduate Schools. " U.S. News & World Report ranked	ranked	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was thus the monumental Royal Stoa which gave Herod his rightful status on the Mount, a showcase of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He is best remembered for his invention of an early instant coffee process and for the company he founded to	to	ADP	mass	NOUN	 mass
The foundations that Jackson discovered during the excavations were left exposed for the benefit of visitors and larger numbers of	of	ADP	tourists	NOUN	 tourists
The underlying mechanism that causes this is unknown. The reason for Uranus's unusual axial tilt is also not	not	PART	known	VERB	 known
The Onslow Salt company reported upwards of A $20 million (US $16 million) in lost revenue	revenue	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Undergraduate students may qualify for graduation honors. University Honors is the highest distinction BYU awards its graduates. Administered	Administered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The hurricane also destroyed all forts on the island. According to British admiral George Brydges Rodney, 1st Baron	Baron	PROPN	Rodney	PROPN	 Rodney
In the 19th century, the fin whale was occasionally hunted by open boat whalers, but it was relatively	relatively	ADV	safe	ADJ	 safe
Leaders including US Lieutenant General George E. Stratemeyer and General of the Army Douglas MacArthur personally witnessed the final sortie	sortie	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He later selected it for inclusion in the only collection of his short stories published during his lifetime, Foggerty	Foggerty	PROPN	's	PART	's
The disgraced Rodimus flees Earth alone, and the Autobots rally under Bumblebee. Working with Skywatch, the Autobots	Autobots	PROPN	begin	VERB	 begin
At the beginning of the Ramcharitmanas, Tulsidas performs Samasti Vandana (obeisance to all beings) in which he	he	PRON	bows	VERB	 bows
The house now serves as a residential outdoor education centre run by Gwent Outdoor Centres, an organisation jointly supported	supported	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In the 1980s, Iowa 150 near Oelwein was rerouted onto a new section of highway along the former right	right	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
East of the Judith River is Pig Eye Basin, where Jake Hoover, credited as the person who discovered	discovered	VERB	Yogo	PROPN	 Yogo
C. megalodon is represented in the fossil record primarily by teeth and vertebral centra. As with all sharks,	,	PUNCT	C.	PROPN	 C.
Ibrahim II then briefly named his own son as governor, before the appointment of the Sicilian Husayn ibn Rabah	Rabah	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Although originally proposed to serve Downtown Woonsocket, an alternate routing that terminated at Route 122 and ran closer to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The transportation commission approved on October 4, 1982. On September 7, 1999, the Oklahoma State Transportation	Transportation	PROPN	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
When the two sons were to come of age they would assume power in the two territories, but if	if	SCONJ	any	PRON	 any
A remastered version is in development for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. A successor, Batman: Arkham Origins	Origins	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Back in good health in 2010, Pineda was 8 – 1 with a 2.22 ERA for the West Tenn	Tenn	PROPN	Diamond	PROPN	 Diamond
Occupancy issues at Constitution Center were further confused by legislative action. In October 2011, the United States House	House	PROPN	Committee	PROPN	 Committee
VA Northern Indiana Health Care System's Fort Wayne Campus provides medical services through the Department of Veterans Affairs.	.	PUNCT	Water	NOUN	 Water
However, this gift soon turns into a curse, as seeing Yuel die repeatedly makes him hateful towards Etro	Etro	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Roddenberry was allocated $3 to $5 million to develop a script. By June 30, he had	had	AUX	produced	VERB	 produced
Examples are ioflupane (123I) (trade name DaTSCAN) and iometopane (Dopascan) for SPECT or fluorodeoxyglucose	fluorodeoxyglucose	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
Historian Ronald Numbers has been quoted as saying: " I can't say much about Gould's strengths as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The walls were roughly built from slate and granite, up to 11 foot (3.4 m) thick,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He discreetly asks for her number and they begin an affair. While Chris is spending time with his wife	wife	NOUN	's	PART	's
Virginia Beach receives its water from Lake Gaston. The Virginia Tidewater area has grown faster than the local freshwater	freshwater	NOUN	supply	NOUN	 supply
As typical of political cartoonists of the time, Bengough aimed less at laughter than at social satire and depended	depended	VERB	more	ADV	 more
In the Himalayas, they form large flocks in winter. The preferred feeding habitat is short grass produced by	by	ADP	grazing	NOUN	 grazing
" In 2006, Tom Moon of NPR reviewed the album as a part of his " Shadow Classics "	"	PUNCT	series	NOUN	 series
Three fun runs around the boating lake attracted over 4,000 participants in total, including Jayne Middlemiss, Andrew Hayden	Hayden	PROPN	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
Both legends declare he visited the Morgaon temple regularly, daily or monthly to worship Ganesha. Another tale tells	tells	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
This association is especially beneficial to the host, as the fungus produces enzymes that mineralize organic compounds and facilitate	facilitate	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Diary of a Nobody was the work of George Grossmith and his brother Weedon Grossmith, the sons of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
In all, 56 people died in Dominica and 180 were injured. Property and agricultural damage figures in Dominica	Dominica	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
To compress this crowd into the narrow space, shots are often fired to induce those already at the far	far	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
In the second and third editions, all pages within each family section are assigned a colored tab to match	match	VERB	those	PRON	 those
Referring to the latter ideal, Kogălniceanu stressed that it formed: " the keystone without which the national edifice	edifice	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Production delays led to cost overruns and angry confrontations with Warner Bros. head Jack L. Warner. Principal photography wrapped	wrapped	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Manning finished the game with 225 yards passing, including a passing touchdown. He also had a rushing touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The lyrics later turn into a stream of gibberish syllables. The Born in the U.S.A. album was released on	on	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Later, Tranmere was outplayed 1 – 4 by Burton Albion at Prenton Park, in the game that marked	marked	VERB	the	DET	 the
A reconstituted ten member Board was chaired by UM's first president Bowman Foster Ashe (1926 – 1952)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
After the end of World War II, the troop returned home and began the process of demobilization. It	It	PRON	inactivated	VERB	 inactivated
Author Elliot Huntley suggests that, having been incapable of assuaging his mother's pain as she lay dying in	in	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
Despite his early success, sales later declined and Muntz's creditors refused to provide further financing in 1954.	.	PUNCT	Muntz	PROPN	 Muntz
There were no more pitched battles and conflict was generally limited to raiding parties from both sides of the frontier	frontier	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
Following the season, Stauskas, who was regarded as a likely late first round selection, said he would	would	AUX	need	VERB	 need
In Resident Evil: Revelations (2012), set in 2005, Jill goes on a rescue mission to	to	PART	save	VERB	 save
Stephen Holden of the New York Times wrote that " Ms. Pfeiffer, giving the most complex screen performance of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The exams are interrupted as a result of the invasion of Konohagakure by the criminal Orochimaru and the ninja of	of	ADP	Sunagakure	PROPN	 Sunagakure
Subsequently, the Anglo Saxons, under Edmund, re conquered the Midlands, as far as Dore, in	in	ADP	942	NUM	 942
Those made from carton can provide protection from the rain, and in fact can withstand high precipitation. Certain	Certain	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
The launch track is equipped with retractable magnetic braking fins which are raised after the train is launched in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This allows time for the Secretary of State to tabulate stray late absentee ballots (i.e. from military voters stationed	stationed	VERB	outside	ADP	 outside
She was refloated later and sold for scrap to the Alloa Shipbreaking Co. on 6 February 1932. She arrived	arrived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Born in Corning, New York, he grew up in the shadow of Corning Glassworks, where his father	father	NOUN	headed	VERB	 headed
Now having greater control over her personal and financial affairs, Annis decides to move to Bath and live alone	alone	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
" Michael Young said of Rivera, " I respect Mo more than anybody in the game. The guy	guy	NOUN	goes	VERB	 goes
The following versions are available: At the Allameh Amini library, written by Muhammad Ibn Muhammad Ibn Abd al	al	PROPN	Qahhar	PROPN	 Qahhar
This study found that mandatory busing was required to attain racial balance in every school. Enrollment of white students	students	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Not long after, Itachi returns to the area and Sasuke attempts to kill him, only to be beaten	beaten	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Nevertheless, Harrison agreed to attempt to satisfy Nuffield's desire for " something on the lines of Cotswold domestic	domestic	ADJ	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
10.99 million US viewers watched " Never Been Kissed ". It was one of six episodes that were submitted	submitted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Other performance styles, such as hachijō daiko, have also emerged from specific communities in Japan. Kumi daiko	daiko	NOUN	performance	NOUN	 performance
This is accompanied with Lightning, and several Claps of Thunder, to the end of the Storm. This	This	DET	multiplication	NOUN	 multiplication
According to longline capture data, increasing distance from land correlates to a greater population of sharks. Occasionally it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Organisms inherit their genes from their parents. Asexual organisms simply inherit a complete copy of their parent's genome	genome	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The city council appoints the city manager, the city secretary, the city auditor, the city attorney,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As king, Edward's main interests lay in the fields of foreign affairs and naval and military matters.	.	PUNCT	Fluent	ADJ	 Fluent
In September 1521, Bucer accepted Sickingen's offer of the position of pastor at Landstuhl, where Sickingen had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
The current, 2013 14, England strip is made by Canterbury. It features plain white shorts and a	a	DET	plain	ADJ	 plain
Lennon had decided against dining out so he could be home in time to say goodnight to his son,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
On an October 5, 2014 game between the Steelers and the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
With 359 manufacturing clusters cement is top sector of SMEs in UP. The Uttar Pradesh Financial Corporation (UPFC	UPFC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The common element to both church and palazzi interior design was the stucco work. Stucco is an important component	component	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The students sued the university for violation of their First Amendment right to freedom of speech in February 1977.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Poe described it as breaking a blood vessel in her throat. She only partially recovered. Poe began to	to	PART	drink	VERB	 drink
The course was an out and back route. It first headed south, through an intermediate time check after	after	ADP	4.7	NUM	 4.7
With these, Ruisdael pits the natural world against the built environment, which has been overrun by the trees	trees	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the community of Heberlig, the route makes another turn to the northeast and runs through more rural areas	areas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Before being introduced in Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, Ventus first made cameos in the secret endings of Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	Hearts	PROPN	 Hearts
Between 1981 and 1983 Disney developed test footage with Darrell Van Citters as animation director, Paul Reubens voicing Roger	Roger	PROPN	Rabbit	PROPN	 Rabbit
Even models of single story farmhouses show a great amount of detail, including tiled roofs, courtyards, steps	steps	NOUN	leading	VERB	 leading
The judging panel included Shay Healy, the songwriter of " What's Another Year " which was the winning	winning	VERB	song	NOUN	 song
Lost Creek drains about 17 square miles (44 km2). Just after the two forks merge about 15	15	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
The idea was partly inspired by the portrayal of local politics on the HBO drama series The Wire, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
This was demolished in 1847 and the site has now completely vanished beneath streets and housing, although the "	"	PUNCT	Park	PROPN	 Park
Previous experiences with tracheal intubation, especially difficult intubation, intubation for prolonged duration (e.g., intensive care unit	unit	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Only two roads, Interstate 5 and State Route 99 (both limited access highways), run uninterrupted through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
In early September 1917, following the German conquest of the Russian port of Riga, the German navy decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
The parents checked on the children throughout the evening, until Madeleine's mother discovered she was missing at 22	22	NUM	:	SYM	:
Principal photography began in April 2006 and ended in July 2006. Because of the sequence setting, the live	live	ADJ	action	NOUN	 action
His performance there so impressed the local Phi Kappa Psi chapter, he was invited to join as an honorary	honorary	ADJ	member	NOUN	 member
In 1942, while America geared up for front line involvement in World War II, Pflueger received fewer assignments	assignments	NOUN	than	SCONJ	 than
The song was present on the chart for seven weeks. In Hungary, it debuted on the Mahasz Single	Single	PROPN	Top	PROPN	 Top
Spielberg's friends Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins cameo as two World War II pilots returning from the mother ship	ship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
English indie rock band Cherry Ghost took its name from a lyric from the Wilco song " Theologians " (	(	PUNCT	from	ADP	from
" Citing participants ' independent efforts to coordinate teams using a variety of online platforms, Stein suggested that "	"	PUNCT	GISHWHES	PROPN	 GISHWHES
He was recalled later in June as Shawn Hill was placed on the disabled list. He spent most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rhee Taekwon Do was the first Australian martial art school founded by a Korean master and using the name of	of	ADP	taekwondo	NOUN	 taekwondo
" Uzanne's written style was characterized by the use of Anglicisms and eccentric neologisms. Another of Uzanne's	's	PART	interests	NOUN	 interests
During the 1957 58 Ifni War, the United States ' ban on the usage of American ordnance supplied earlier	earlier	ADV	as	SCONJ	 as
Gough and Millar felt she had a " rare ability to deliver large chunks of expositionary [sic] dialogue	dialogue	NOUN	conversationally	ADV	 conversationally
Grant's role in the uprising centred on his house at Norbrook, ideally located in the English Midlands close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Cambridge took the lead and with clear water behind them, pulled away to win. Cambridge finished with a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Website TV Scoop said that the programme was " a great experiment ", but did not approve of the	the	DET	inclusion	NOUN	 inclusion
He works primarily on figurative sculpture in clay within the neoclassical tradition. Stoddart is best known for his civic	civic	ADJ	monuments	NOUN	 monuments
Leslie (Amy Poehler) is organizing the making of a time capsule, meant to be opened 50 years	years	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Blake, in his notes to A Vision of the Last Judgment, describes how his design is to work	work	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Genus valde intricatum et numerosissimis dubiis oppressum A genus that is very complex and burdened with numerous uncertainties The genus	genus	NOUN	Narcissus	PROPN	 Narcissus
Releases of the third North American single, " Say It Right ", and the third Europe single,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The bypassed two lane alignment between Canterbury and Camden was also designated as US 13 Alt. In 1956,	,	PUNCT	work	NOUN	 work
Service for the iOS version was discontinued on March 15, 2016. The gameplay in Shiny Festa eschews the	the	DET	simulation	NOUN	 simulation
Despite the shock, Luce was able to clamber on to the paddle box, which provided a temporary raft	raft	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Also, like Venus and the Moon, it displays a complete range of phases as it moves around its	its	PRON	orbit	NOUN	 orbit
Von Stroheim stated that he considered all of his good qualities to have come from his mother and all of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Belfast sailed to Rosyth on 10 January, where her crew received a period of leave. February 1944 saw	saw	VERB	Belfast	PROPN	 Belfast
How many drafts Jefferson wrote prior to this one, and how much of the text was contributed by other	other	ADJ	committee	NOUN	 committee
" It was signed by Levon Ter Petrosyan, the President of the Supreme Council, who became the first	first	ADJ	President	PROPN	 President
Nikumbh then asks Mr Awasthi as to why he sent Ishaan to a boarding school. Mr Awasthi replies that	that	SCONJ	Ishaan	PROPN	 Ishaan
The nebulae feature was also praised for its rendered atmosphere, which reviewers described as tense and paranoia inducing as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
At the end of June, his regiment was transported back to Galicia by rail to reinforce the Austro Hungarian	Hungarian	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
The successful student, according to Snyder, was the one who was able to discern which of the formal	formal	ADJ	requirements	NOUN	 requirements
Andrew Johnson had recommended annexation but the early anti imperialist Republicans in Congress rejected the plan. Grant renewed negotiations	negotiations	NOUN	to	PART	 to
By the 1990s, attendances were at an all time low, with less than 5,000 people on average coming	coming	VERB	to	ADP	 to
She came to the Indian reservation in my hometown to work at a fair. She hasn't changed a	a	DET	bit	NOUN	 bit
He reminds me of what we imagine the American cowboy to have been like. " On working with Raimi	Raimi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Both teams had opportunities to score, but the only goal of the game was credited to Hughie Ferguson after	after	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Hurricane Isabel formed from a tropical wave on September 6, 2003 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean. It moved	moved	VERB	northwestward	ADV	 northwestward
Crowd favorites Hogan, Mr. T, and Snuka made their way to the ring next. The match began	began	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Many people in England and New Zealand wanted to emulate this royal fashion and wear huia feathers in their hats	hats	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is one of the locomotive class DRG Class 01.10. Travelling through England (from Harwich to London)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
On 27 May, 6 officers and 300 gendarmes of the Sarajevo based 4th Gendarmerie Regiment were deployed into parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was one of four hurricanes, along with the 1938 New England hurricane, the 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In May 1918, Prince George began a refit a Chatham for conversion to a destroyer depot ship. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Cole is also part owner of a London bookshop. Cole was involved in creating an environmentally friendly knitwear company	company	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Immediately after the announcement, Karthik scored 134 against Mumbai in a losing effort, but was unable to back	back	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The ECHL affiliate Wheeling Nailers finished the season fourth in the Northern Division, and were eliminated in the first	first	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
The group was founded by guitarist / vocalist Dustin Kensrue and guitarist Teppei Teranishi while they were in high school	school	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was common practice for members of airlanded units to be inside the gliders as cargo when training took place	place	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They believe that Christ established only one church, and that the use of denominational names serves to foster division	division	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
Constantine was soon accused of being a Germanophile and the Athenian government was regarded with suspicion in London and Paris	Paris	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As was customary for capital ships of the period, she carried four 14 in (356 mm) torpedo	torpedo	NOUN	tubes	NOUN	 tubes
The shark is viviparous — embryos develop in utero and are fed by a placental sac. Its gestation period	period	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
A sarcophagus made of white marble was taken from the Roman ruins at Grantchester, which was found to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
Many of these areas remained in Macedonian hands or under Greek influence for the next 200 – 300 years.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Then in 873 a disastrous harvest shook the foundations of the empire; in some areas only half of all	all	DET	agricultural	ADJ	 agricultural
During their 2012 tour, their tour bus burned to the ground. Sanctus posted a photo on their Facebook	Facebook	PROPN	page	NOUN	 page
The dig was subsequently financed and excavated by Tilman Walterfang and his team at Seabed Explorations, under a license	license	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cronjager filmed a dozen pictures during the first half of the 1950s, culminating in another Oscar nomination, his	his	PRON	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
But overall, the face is open and the hair is particularly lifelike. " She is depicted wearing a	a	DET	Portland	PROPN	 Portland
This force, later augmented by the Australian 7th Division, fought the Battle of Buna Gona, slowly advancing	advancing	VERB	north	NOUN	 north
Amtrak's Capitol Corridor and San Joaquins trains sell $10 BART tickets on board in the café cars for	for	ADP	only	ADV	 only
SpaceX has been explicit that the " huge potential to open up space flight " is dependent on achieving both	both	CCONJ	complete	ADJ	 complete
Important documents, such as legislation, are translated into every official language. The European Parliament provides translation into	into	ADP	all	DET	 all
P. ibericus, the Iberian chiffchaff is brighter, greener on the rump, and yellower below than P. collybita	collybita	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His facial expression is of intense anger discerned from his furrowed brow, swollen eyes, and tusks. The	The	DET	legs	NOUN	 legs
" Recent reviews have also applauded the episode. Shearman and Pearson rated the episode five stars out of five	five	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Between Robert T. Longway Boulevard and Davison Road, Dort Highway passes another industrial area. North of Leith Street	Street	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Due to his addiction, Kiedis lacked the motivation to contribute to the band musically, and appeared at rehearsal	rehearsal	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
They also hear rumours of the possibility of " deferral " – a temporary reprieve from organ donation for donors	donors	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
She stated that Ravi " performs with his usual flair ", D'Souza's character " appears a little too	too	ADV	good	ADJ	 good
Brown said elsewhere in the film that it made more sense for women to lead JC's Girls " because	because	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
As the party approaches Zanarkand, Tidus learns that he and the Zanarkand he hails from are the cumulative dreams	dreams	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Meanwhile, Nima is preparing a bridal gown for Pocahontas in the royal village of Werocomoco, but Pocahontas expresses	expresses	VERB	displeasure	NOUN	 displeasure
Where is the mind located? If the mind is a physical phenomenon of some kind, it has to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Reasonably complete fossils are very rare, most extinct organisms are represented only by partial fossils, and complete fossils	fossils	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Stauskas led the way with 25 points on 9 for 13 shooting, with 21 in the second half (	(	PUNCT	including	VERB	including
Like DNA, RNA can carry genetic information. RNA viruses have genomes composed of RNA that encodes a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Particularly influential was the work of William Wallace, the king's master mason from 1617 until his death in	in	ADP	1631	NUM	 1631
In turn, when the Phantom was replaced in service, its major roles required three separate aircraft (see	see	VERB	table	NOUN	 table
The goal is to bring the facility up to a four diamond status. The company also said it might	might	AUX	lease	VERB	 lease
Finding Picard at the spot where he saw his mother, Riker suggests that Kosinski may have had nothing to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
Cordray was the first Democrat to hold the position since 1977, and he assumed office on December 9,	,	PUNCT	2002	NUM	 2002
However, because of the building boom, concrete elements needed for construction to start meant that the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The most successful such publication however was Frank E. Peretti's 1986 novel This Present Darkness, which sold over	over	ADP	a	DET	 a
However, Geniocracy is not a political party because it allows for differing political viewpoints. According to Vorilhon's	's	PART	book	NOUN	 book
Thereupon al Mu'tadid is said to have remarked " come let us go and hide ourselves, lest we be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
Later, when I die, all he has to do is to bury my old bones in the earth	earth	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Translations of Fatinitza may change characters ' names to a greater or lesser extent. Before the piece begins,	,	PUNCT	Wladimir	PROPN	 Wladimir
The hook (α) angle is a parameter of the material being cut. For steel, it is	is	AUX	between	ADP	 between
Although he provided his family with financial support, he spent much of his time abroad and on 17 June	June	PROPN	1929	NUM	 1929
A new station was planned to replace the cramped Wood Lane. The service from North Acton through Greenford and	and	CCONJ	Ruislip	PROPN	 Ruislip
", and in imagery used to illustrate The KLF's retirement press notice. Prior to entering the music	music	NOUN	business	NOUN	 business
The settlements in Trafford have been based largely around agriculture, although Altrincham was founded as a market town in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the battle, Russell assessed Braithwaite as the best performed of his brigade commanders. In June 1917,	,	PUNCT	Braithwaite	PROPN	 Braithwaite
In " The Busboy ", which had been filmed earlier, the four storylines also intersected in the final	final	ADJ	scene	NOUN	 scene
As Mulder's condition stabilizes, Scully writes a field report crediting science with detecting the retrovirus and saving Mulder	Mulder	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They had a complement of 450 officers and ratings. Iron Duke had a pair of two cylinder, horizontal	horizontal	ADJ	return	NOUN	 return
Behind is a single storey block, linking the main block to the service block, which is at right	right	ADJ	angles	NOUN	 angles
Seattle won by a convincing scoreline of 4 – 0. Regarding the score of the latter meeting, Sounders	Sounders	NOUN	FC	NOUN	 FC
Parks cover about 318.5 hectares (2002) of the city. The Planty Park is the best known park	park	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Port of Weston is owned by the Stobart Group. In March 2014 the UK's largest incinerator for	for	ADP	burning	VERB	 burning
Note, however, that most databases have their own numbering system, e.g. the EcoGene database uses EG10826 for	for	ADP	recD.	PROPN	 recD.
His 1,530 rebounds (the most since Wilt Chamberlain's 1,572 in the 1971 – 1972 season) have never	never	ADV	been	AUX	 been
In 2015, The Shrimp People was selected by The Business Times as one of the Top 10 English Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	books	NOUN	 books
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 13.0% of the population. There were 39,760 households of which 33.1	33.1	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Under Kravis and Roberts, the firm was responsible for the 1988 leveraged buyout of RJR Nabisco. RJR Nabisco	Nabisco	PROPN	proved	VERB	 proved
He died of a heart attack the following month, while still in jail. Mauli Chandra Sharma was elected	elected	VERB	to	PART	 to
Within a few months the song became a worldwide number one. The event lead to different labels sparking interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The video received generally favorable reviews. Daniel Kreps from Rolling Stone said that it managed to highlight the "	"	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
McKinley was nominated in June 1896; still, many Britons were minded to support whoever became the Democratic candidate	candidate	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was released on December 2, 2008, by Jive Records as the second single from the album.	.	PUNCT	Written	VERB	 Written
She mostly provided good cheer, without discussing her opinions about national policy. She impressed Republican voters with her	her	PRON	elegance	NOUN	 elegance
In 1937 J.C. Myers was commissioned to undertake a botanical survey of Mongalla province, later extended to all of	of	ADP	Equatoria	PROPN	 Equatoria
In lieu of writing a definitive account of Meiklejohn's life, Nelson portrayed Meiklejohn through the subject's own	own	ADJ	language	NOUN	 language
Work by the members of SHARE is year round, but its most active period is the Christmas Fast &	&	CCONJ	Fundraising	PROPN	 Fundraising
The double album From Memphis To Vegas / From Vegas To Memphis came out the same month; the first	first	ADJ	LP	PROPN	 LP
While youth throughout the city were being drafted to fight in the Vietnam War, funding for education and youth	youth	NOUN	programs	NOUN	 programs
Tiruvannamalai is served by the town bus service operated by the TNSTC, which provides connectivity within the town and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the face of open rebellion, the order to sail was rescinded and the planned operation was abandoned.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In 1971, Tabano was replaced by Brad Whitford, who also attended the Berklee School of Music and was	was	AUX	formerly	ADV	 formerly
At about 9 p.m. on 6 May, during a fierce storm, the men aboard heard two " explosive	explosive	ADJ	reports	NOUN	 reports
In Siam, elephants were trained to throw the condemned into the air before trampling them to death. Alexander	Alexander	PROPN	Hamilton	PROPN	 Hamilton
The officers were permitted to leave, pending their signatures on a parole in which they agreed not to take	take	VERB	up	ADP	 up
A radioactive actinide metal, neptunium is the first transuranic element. Its position in the periodic table just after	after	ADP	uranium	NOUN	 uranium
It is the largest airline in India in terms of passengers carried with a 36.8% market share as of	of	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Eve joined the Democratic Party and got one of the patronage parks jobs. By 1958, he was blossoming	blossoming	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Pierce had been highly sympathetic to the Southern cause, and the controversy over the Ostend Manifesto contributed to the	the	DET	splintering	NOUN	 splintering
He had planned to score Akeelah and the Bee over the holidays, but Lionsgate pushed its release date up	up	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On 10, 12 and 13 April, the lines held by the 104th Infantry in Bois Brule (near	near	ADP	Apremont	PROPN	 Apremont
Lisa conducts further research about Jebediah Springfield, and finds out that he once lost his tongue to a Turk	Turk	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" The music of the game was considered to be " quirky and catchy ", with Will Tuttle of	of	ADP	GameSpy	PROPN	 GameSpy
The magazine preferred to play as a werewolf and noted the cruel difficulty of some rooms. They appreciated the	the	DET	imaginative	ADJ	 imaginative
Then the most common plan for Black is a rook lift: the plan Ra8 – a6 – h6 was	was	AUX	tried	VERB	 tried
Zakuani was again on the attack in the 75th minute with a run down the middle, but was "	"	PUNCT	sandwiched	VERB	 sandwiched
At approximately 11: 30 pm Mora stepped out of his jeep to move a tree trunk and was ambushed	ambushed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
According to Portuguese and Dutch publications, the last battle for Jaffna was fought between the King of Kandyan kingdom	kingdom	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As the season falls outside the scope of the Atlantic hurricane database (1851 onward) and its associated reanalysis	reanalysis	NOUN	project	NOUN	 project
These sets were on gimbals so that the movement of the actors and sets created a floating effect. The	The	DET	shot	NOUN	 shot
The eye gradually became better organized, attaining a diameter of 90 km (55 mi) on November 28	28	NUM	as	SCONJ	 as
AQI claimed responsibility for the attack and twenty people were arrested in connection with the killing, including the Sheikh	Sheikh	PROPN	's	PART	's
Mups provide a small range of identifying information about the donor animal, when detected by the vomeronasal organ of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A commerce of different goods rapidly changing from one into another is a recurrent theme throughout the book. Also	Also	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Enterprise's captain, James T. Kirk, whose son David was murdered by Klingons years earlier, opposes the	the	DET	negotiations	NOUN	 negotiations
The series went on top the Fridays block ratings, gaining millions of viewers. My Gym Partner's a	a	DET	Monkey	PROPN	 Monkey
He also served as Washington's chief of intelligence, conducting constant scouting missions from the Americans ' new base	base	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Since then outcomes in larger centers have improved considerably, and mortality from the operation is often less than 4	4	NUM	%	NOUN	%
BuddyTV's John Kubicek dubbed " The Other Woman " " the worst episode of Lost season four so far	far	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
Following an introduction to Niels W. Gade, the director of the Royal Academy in Copenhagen, by whom he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Increasing wind shear prevented convection from redeveloping and the storm continued to weaken. Early the following day, the	the	DET	JTWC	PROPN	 JTWC
As part of Navy Secretary John F. Lehman's effort to build a 600 ship Navy in the 1980s,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Sikorsky CH 124 Sea King helicopters on board Protecteur also provided weapons support, carrying Mark 46 torpedoes and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
He is currently the president in absentia of Airelle Wines Inc., which is connected to the PlumpJack Winery in	in	ADP	Napa	PROPN	 Napa
All that stood between them and a royal prize was a large English force under the command of John of	of	ADP	Brittany	PROPN	 Brittany
The 2003 FIBA European Championship proved to be a major disappointment for Nowitzki and his German squad. In a	a	DET	preparation	NOUN	 preparation
Three concrete tee beam bridges with lengths of 40.0 feet (12.2 m), 42.0 feet (12.8 m	m	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Some critics have detected Coward's influence in Pinter's plays. Tynan compared Pinter's " elliptical patter "	"	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
On November 13, with both Blake and Nash injured, Morris made his first career start against the San	San	PROPN	Antonio	PROPN	 Antonio
His version of The Origin of Painting (1773), depicting Pliny's story of a young Corinthian woman	woman	NOUN	outlining	VERB	 outlining
Newspapers exposed bogus agents in Interior Department in 1875. Navy Department corruption was exposed in 1876. These Grant	Grant	PROPN	reformers	NOUN	 reformers
It concludes that human activity is having a significant and escalating impact on the biodiversity of world ecosystems, reducing	reducing	VERB	both	PRON	 both
In El Dorado, Sinaloa, near where the storm made landfall, the hurricane washed out away roads and	and	CCONJ	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
A Spanish study suggested that territorial conflicts between the species, and other phenomena like males singing mixed or alternating	alternating	VERB	songs	NOUN	 songs
Though Scully concludes that Mr. Baiocchi died as the result of being pushed out the window, Mulder discovers evidence	evidence	NOUN	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
It is characteristic that in his 1418 pamphlet to the despotēs Theodore II Palaiologos, the scholar Gemistos Plethon advises	advises	VERB	against	ADP	 against
In 1623 Gaspard Bauhin published his Pinax theatre botanici an attempt at a comprehensive compilation of all plants known at	at	ADP	that	DET	 that
The vision of the IPC is, " To enable Paralympic athletes to achieve sporting excellence and to inspire and	and	CCONJ	excite	VERB	 excite
The reorganisation was the result of personnel shortages that had come about due to an over mobilisation of the Australian	Australian	ADJ	military	NOUN	 military
The main turbine and boiler building is now a locally listed building, standing today as a monument to the	the	DET	important	ADJ	 important
For example, in issue # 2, Comanche and Blackfoot tribes are falsely told by white traffickers that their	their	PRON	land	NOUN	 land
New chimneys appear near the edges of expanding colonies, at points where the speed of the outflow is already	already	ADV	high	ADJ	 high
In an interview with Gawker on September 9, 2009, Eiland Hall remarked that Beck's attorneys contacted the	the	DET	registrar	NOUN	 registrar
In a cardboard file were some " 300 pages of musical sketches, pieces and scores " in the hand	hand	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An estimated 200 million people in 74 countries are infected with the disease – 100 million in Africa alone.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The remnant low pressure system turned southward and once again entered the Atlantic before turning westward and crossing the Florida	Florida	PROPN	peninsula	NOUN	 peninsula
This new approach enabled us to probe exactly that question. In 2014, he served as a senior author	author	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Krugers served as a cameraman for the film, which was based on a Sundanese folktale, also processing the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Australian ichthyologist Gilbert Percy Whitley originally described the nervous shark as a subspecies of Galeolamna greyi (a junior synonym	synonym	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At school, he is shown to have a close relationship with his star pupil, Alex, and befriends	befriends	VERB	a	DET	 a
They landed at Houssay airfield. They then took off for RAF Driffield in Yorkshire. As they crossed over	over	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
In the final at Rome's Stadio Olimpico, Kennedy won a late penalty which Phil Neal converted to give	give	VERB	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
India's lowest recorded temperature was − 45° C (− 49° F) in Dras, Ladakh	Ladakh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His citation read: For distinguishing himself by exceptionally meritorious conduct in connection with amphibious operations against Japanese forces in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Popular ragtime songs were notated and sold as sheet music, but the general style was played more informally across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1275, Edward I negotiated an agreement with the domestic merchant community that secured a permanent duty on wool	wool	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was built by Vickers Armstrong, Barrow, and launched on 25 February 1944. She was one of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
He had taken 20 wickets at 13.35 in his four tour matches and was duly selected to play in the	the	DET	First	PROPN	 First
The vocalist did not, however, want the track to be associated with " anti drug " sentiments,	,	PUNCT	claiming	VERB	 claiming
In addition, the commissioners were given the power not only to resolve billeting disputes between soldiers and civilians,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In the meantime, Takagi's carrier force steamed down the east side of the Solomons throughout the day on	on	ADP	5	NUM	 5
Kelly later recalled: Big foaming waves fifteen or twenty feet high thundering over the cockpit, drenching everybody.	.	PUNCT	Our	PRON	 Our
The eggs are bluish green, averaging 56 by 45 mm (2.20 by 1.77 in). The clutch	clutch	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
At BSÉ's request, the filmmakers partnered with a more experienced producer and shot a short pilot to show	show	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" The only notable domestic opposition was by Ottoman parliamentary representative Ahmed Riza, who stated: It is unlawful	unlawful	ADJ	to	PART	 to
These buckets, which weighed 20 short tons (18 t) when full, were filled at two massive	massive	ADJ	concrete	ADJ	 concrete
The Arab Ba ' ath movement did not become an official party until 1947, when it merged with al	al	PROPN	Arsuzi	PROPN	 Arsuzi
Now your mother, she's the steady type and that's fine in small doses, but me,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
From southern Scandinavia and north Germany, they expanded south, east and west from the 1st century BC,	,	PUNCT	coming	VERB	 coming
For anti torpedo boat defense, they carried four 65 millimeter (2.6 in) guns, four 47 millimeter	millimeter	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He attempted to leave the ship, but became distracted by trying to help a boy. In doing so	so	SCONJ	Lydiard	PROPN	 Lydiard
Because the flying squadrons of the group consisted of both bomber and transport aircraft, the group was designated as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the spring of 1832, Potawatomis living along Indian Creek were upset that a settler named William Davis had	had	AUX	dammed	VERB	 dammed
They had dark expressive eyes, and remarkably rich heads of hair. It was a mere fancy, but	but	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Frankel writes that " she is a whole woman now, integrated with all the parts of herself ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The log on message sent from the aircraft at 08: 19: 29 was " log on request "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Astor was the wealthiest passenger aboard the ship and one of the richest men in the world; his great	great	ADJ	grandfather	NOUN	 grandfather
In 2012, John Walsh wrote about Jamie Oliver's restaurant at Gatwick Airport, saying that Ramsay's Plane	Plane	PROPN	Food	PROPN	 Food
There was improvement in 1914 when the club reached their first FA Cup final, which they lost 1 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
The Crimson Tide responded with touchdowns on the next two consecutive drives. Richardson and Lacy both scored on one	one	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
The band released nine DVDs in the next three years to keep up with the demand. As they had	had	AUX	done	VERB	 done
In its first year of operation, Hume collected 215,000 salmon eggs and released about 100,000 fry. After the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
He located its wielder, Cervantes, but was beaten severely. Revealed to have survived in Soulcalibur III but	but	CCONJ	having	AUX	 having
Odense is the see of the bishop of Funen. Saint Canute's Cathedral (Danish: Sankt Knuds Kirke	Kirke	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The recess was later filled by the Turks with a smaller set of walls, so as to preserve unbroken	unbroken	VERB	the	DET	 the
For his scientific accomplishments in London, Fairley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1942. With	With	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flooding also occurred in the west coast near Belo. The storm disrupted portions of at least three highways.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On 5 April, Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in a 0 – 0 draw with Burnley at	at	ADP	Turf	PROPN	 Turf
At the try out he made the team, winning a spot over several other players and became the starting	starting	VERB	goalie	NOUN	 goalie
The episode ultimately ranked as the highest rated NBC series of the night. Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer)	)	PUNCT	finds	VERB	 finds
The San Francisco Giants ' AA team, the Richmond Flying Squirrels, began play at The Diamond in 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Wright and Joseph H. Moore, interim wartime Lick director, imagined an 85 inch (2.2 m) or	or	CCONJ	90	NUM	 90
Among those that do, a regular tessellation has both identical regular tiles and identical regular corners or vertices,	,	PUNCT	having	VERB	 having
The first sod at Tullamarine was turned two years later in November 1964. In line with the five year	year	NOUN	plan	NOUN	 plan
Caprella mutica were first detected in New Zealand in the port of Timaru, South Island in 2002. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The festival's artistic director Marco Mueller had chosen Black Swan over The American (starring George Clooney) for	for	ADP	opening	VERB	 opening
The reserve is administered from its headquarters in the district of Nainital. Corbett National Park is one of the	the	DET	thirteen	NUM	 thirteen
The National Guard were assisting on filling sandbags to protect homes, schools and plants across the state which experienced	experienced	VERB	some	PRON	 some
This contrasted with Frost, who had a more aggressive and combative mindset, often making bold public statements.	.	PUNCT	Thorpe	PROPN	 Thorpe
Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6, continued to hit the area even months after the main quake,	,	PUNCT	causing	VERB	 causing
Charles Dickens's 1845 novella The Cricket on the Hearth, divided into sections called " Chirps ", tells	tells	VERB	the	DET	 the
Originally due out in October 2009, its release date was bumped to February 19, 2010. With $	$	SYM	41.1	NUM	41.1
By the 19th century, many Old World churchyards and church walls had completely run out of room for new	new	ADJ	monuments	NOUN	 monuments
On Mercedes ' wedding day Riley's grandfather Silas kidnapped her in a " shock storyline twist " after Mercedes	Mercedes	PROPN	revealed	VERB	 revealed
While only starting playing the game in 2010, she made the national team in 2011 and competed in the	the	DET	2011	NUM	 2011
At one point, Fuchs did calculation work that Edward Teller had refused to do because of lack of interest	interest	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Stanley Cup final between Montreal and Seattle was left undecided, as an influenza outbreak suspended the final.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Academically, Romney was steady but undistinguished. He graduated from high school in 1925; his yearbook picture caption	caption	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Mayflies are distributed all over the world in clean freshwater habitats, though absent from Antarctica. They tend to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He introduces this claim when he says: This nation of ours hath, for an hundred years past,	,	PUNCT	been	AUX	 been
Goodman wrote the episode after he was set a challenge by executive producer Rick Berman, and wrote in references	references	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
During the Vietnam War 35,000 Asian Americans served as part of the more than eight million U.S. service personnel that	that	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The demanded redesign — which was ordered soon after post Albizzi members secured a majority among the operai — is	is	AUX	at	ADP	 at
The Andrade Port of Entry at the southern end of the highway was built in 1970. The current alignment	alignment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fort Cumberland was located on the Isthmus of Chignecto, which connects modern mainland Nova Scotia with New Brunswick.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In early 1780 he was appointed by the African Committee of the Royal African Company, as the governor of	of	ADP	Anomabu	PROPN	 Anomabu
" And Glenn Erickson, reviewing the DVD on his " DVD Savant " website, noted, " Roger	Roger	PROPN	Corman	PROPN	 Corman
After being fired from German studios due to his friendship with Jewish producers, Clouzot returned to France, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Arable crops consisted mainly of wheat, barley, oats and potatoes. The field boundaries date back several centuries	centuries	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
When detecting seismic signals, the animals lean forward and put more weight on their larger front feet; this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Between 2000 and 2010, the cities that led the state in population growth were Blanchard (172.4%)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the 114th United States Congress, of the 36 Congressional districts in Texas, 25 are held by Republicans	Republicans	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
With her older sister, Elizabeth, Anne was sent to be raised at Güstrow in Germany by her maternal	maternal	ADJ	grandparents	NOUN	 grandparents
Practically all the members of the CRG were also members of the CCEG. The members of the CRG also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
On 13 – 15 October, Beitzen, Z16 Friedrich Eckoldt, and the destroyers Z27 and Z30 laid a	a	DET	minefield	NOUN	 minefield
Confessions on a Dance Floor merged elements from 1970s disco, 1980s electropop and modern day club music. Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	decided	VERB	 decided
He claimed that most of the information that he was publishing came from " Elders ", or older members	members	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These ships, stationed on Île de France and Île Bonaparte, were ordered to attack and disrupt British trade	trade	NOUN	routes	NOUN	 routes
At this peak strength, the eye of the hurricane was distinct and embedded within a well defined and round	round	ADJ	central	ADJ	 central
The four specimens described by Guy Robson as being members of a separate subspecies (Velodona togata capensis) were	were	AUX	caught	VERB	 caught
Curving parabolically to the northeast on October 15, it weakened to a tropical depression early the next day before	before	ADP	hitting	VERB	 hitting
Manager Brocklebank significantly strengthened Birmingham's playing staff, but although the club nearly reached another semifinal in the 1952	1952	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
JAL Mileage Bank (JMB) is the travel rewards program of JAL Group, including Japan Airlines, JALways	JALways	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After four years with the Ravens, Smith signed with the San Francisco 49ers in March 2015. Smith was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
" After the success of Tangled (2010), on December 22, 2011, Disney announced a release	release	NOUN	date	NOUN	 date
Before the DPP became the ruling party, Chen suggested that then incumbent magistrate of Taoyuan County Annette Lu would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
In the loft is the church's organ, a tracker model manufactured by the Hinners Organ Company in 1879	1879	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
From 24 April, Iowa supported carrier operations which aimed to establish and maintain air superiority for ground forces during	during	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The family was described as being of mixed race in records of the day. His mother died in 1837	1837	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the waning minutes of the first quarter, the Badgers embarked on a drive in which they scored several	several	ADJ	first	ADJ	 first
Bruix had a designed speed of 19 knots (35 km / h; 22 mph), but only	only	ADV	reached	VERB	 reached
The deck was mounted low in the hull, however, which reduced the volume of internal space protected by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
To provide an accurate portrayal of a sufferer without disparagement, Khan spent several months researching his role by reading	reading	VERB	books	NOUN	 books
Hoe made a remarkably quick recovery; by the first week of July, she was discharged. She continued	continued	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Denmark Hill Campus is situated in south London near the borders of the London Borough of Lambeth and the London	London	PROPN	Borough	PROPN	 Borough
The round, streamlined fuselage was optimized to reduce drag and house the considerable amount of equipment and fuel required	required	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Shortly thereafter, on January 31, 2005, Bure sued Arbat Prestige for 300 million rubles (US $	$	SYM	10.65	NUM	10.65
In March 1916, he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force for service in the First World War. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Preliminary research has suggested that antioxidants such as polyphenols may have beneficial effects on the inflammation characteristic of psoriasis.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
Because of this proximity, it is obvious that Duckett and Whitman met as neighbors. Their relationship was close	close	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
While Prince Poniatowski and Kościuszko considered the outcome of the war still open, and were planning to use the	the	DET	combined	VERB	 combined
Silverberg recommended Ted White as a replacement. Cohen secured White's agreement and then fired Malzberg; White took	took	VERB	over	ADP	 over
In retaliation, the Tsar stripped Kirill of his offices and honours, also initially banishing the couple from Russia	Russia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
English philosopher John Stuart Mill experienced a several months long period of what he called " a dull state of	of	ADP	nerves	NOUN	 nerves
In 1933, Hutchins proposed an unsuccessful plan to merge the University of Chicago and Northwestern University into a single	single	ADJ	university	NOUN	 university
The classification for Stanford – Binet L M scores does not include terms such as " exceptionally gifted " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
He commented that Sheridan had “ leading man looks ” with the hair of a “ dissolute heavy metal star	star	NOUN	”	PUNCT	 ”
Alfred ' Freddie ' Lennon — always called ' Alf ' by his family — was always joking but never	never	ADV	held	VERB	 held
Keith DeCandido reviewed the episode for Tor.com in June 2011. He described it as " one of the strongest	strongest	ADJ	first	ADJ	 first
In addition, favorable conditions allowed the storm to maintain its identity over land. Overall, Cyclone Leon –	–	PUNCT	Eline	PROPN	 Eline
Honestly, this is the most nervous I've been before qualifying in probably five years at least, because	because	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
This corresponds to a visual luminosity 9.2 times greater than that of the Sun. When the entire spectrum of	of	ADP	radiation	NOUN	 radiation
Atangana's work performance convinced the French to let him return to Yaoundé in late 1921 or early 1922.	.	PUNCT	Soon	ADV	 Soon
Such was the public interest that the courtroom was fitted with security screens to protect Brady and Hindley. The	The	DET	pair	NOUN	 pair
" Elgar, as a Roman Catholic, was much moved by Newman's poem about the death and redemption	redemption	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The first collegiate baseball game at PNC Park was played on May 6, 2003, between the Pitt Panthers	Panthers	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Instead, Ahearn bought Gorman's interest in the club for $35,000 and a share of the Connaught Park	Park	PROPN	Racetrack	PROPN	 Racetrack
The guns proved adequate for the carrier's air defense, but were gradually phased out of use by the	the	DET	carrier	NOUN	 carrier
Northup worked on plantations in the state of Louisiana for 12 years before his release. The first scholarly edition	edition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Isobarik was famously used as the acid test for the budget priced NAD 3020 amplifier at its UK launch	launch	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After this, the introduction of the SA 10 missile, the MiG 31 interceptor and the first Soviet Airborne	Airborne	PROPN	Early	ADJ	 Early
Data for 1801 – 1971 is available at Britain Through Time; data for 1971 – 2001 is available from	from	ADP	BANES	PROPN	 BANES
Not without much hesitation and regret, she issued a decree which removed them from all the institutions of the	the	DET	monarchy	NOUN	 monarchy
These loops were shortened to 3.3 km and 2.5 km, and then combined. Four additional loops of 1.2	1.2	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The video attracted the anger of Bill O'Reilly, calling the video " shameless " and the models as "	"	PUNCT	pinheads	NOUN	 pinheads
Fanning has stated that although political messages may be common throughout his and Powderfinger's music, it is not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
The son of a Leicestershire weaver, Fox lived in a time of great social upheaval and war. He	He	PRON	rebelled	VERB	 rebelled
The 51st Army engaged the Romanian 6th Corps, taking many prisoners. As the 57th Army joined the attack	attack	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The song was also featured on the soundtrack album to Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps, along with several	several	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
The culture wars, and political correctness in particular, were driven by the belief that relativism was becoming more	more	ADV	relevant	ADJ	 relevant
Meanwhile, the convocation sejm of 1648 had elected a new king, Jan Kazimierz II Vasa. Wiśniowiecki supported	supported	VERB	other	ADJ	 other
They united against him in the Treaty of the Triple Alliance. The war led to his country's utter	utter	ADJ	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
The day sentence was pronounced on her, Warwick did not attend. Ambrose Dudley became one of the leading	leading	VERB	patrons	NOUN	 patrons
Both Future and Science Fiction Stories were 128 pages long when they changed to digest format; Future remained at	at	ADP	that	DET	 that
Oldenburg was the first German capital ship built entirely from German made steel. The German navy regarded Oldenburg as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit held that a threat was knowingly made if the maker comprehended	comprehended	VERB	the	DET	 the
The company had under quoted to gain the contract, which meant that production of the batch was rushed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By halftime, the Warriors had lost some of their edge, but still led 79 – 68. Chamberlain	Chamberlain	PROPN	's	PART	's
Operation Storm commenced at dawn on 4 August 1995 and was declared complete on the evening of 7 August,	,	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
Large families of plants are pollinated in this manner, which is favored when individuals of the dominant plant species	species	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The Rivergreenway was designated a National Recreation Trail in 2009. As of 2016, the Rivergreenway had expanded with	with	ADP	additional	ADJ	 additional
This game was later followed by two sequels, the first in 1991, and the second in 1992.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
The receiving mayor then waves the flag eight times. There are three such flags: The Antwerp flag was	was	AUX	presented	VERB	 presented
The University of Houston's academic colleges are as follows: The University of Houston was ranked the 31st top	top	ADJ	college	NOUN	 college
Hundreds of homes were destroyed throughout the city, leaving an estimated 20,000 people homeless. According to the American	American	PROPN	Society	PROPN	 Society
Delaware Governor Jack Markell, U.S. Senator Tom Carper, and DelDOT Secretary Shailen Bhatt rode in the first car	car	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
The roadway was used by US 10 from 1926 until 1940, when it was re routed and replaced by	by	ADP	an	DET	 an
In June 1969, an infantry company from 5 RAR, then on its second tour, and supported by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The movie starts when it starts. We find out Hal is the guy fairly early on, and the	the	DET	adventure	NOUN	 adventure
The mine, dubbed Project Eagle or the Eagle Mine by the company, has been controversial with area residents	residents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was the 10th race of the 2008 Formula One season and was contested over 67 laps. It was	was	AUX	won	VERB	 won
" Ramon Hagenbeuk of Dutch XGN included Mileena among the " top 10 ugly game chicks " in 2015 due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The Nielsen ratings showed 57 million were watching the show – one in three Americans. When Skouras was forced	forced	VERB	out	ADP	 out
In 2004 she travelled to the US to work with British musician and record producer John Porter and engineer and	and	CCONJ	mixer	NOUN	 mixer
On Kangaroo Island, the grey currawong has been identified as the main vector for the spread of bridal creeper	creeper	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Triactinomyxons are much shorter lived, surviving 34 days or less, depending on temperature. M. cerebralis infections have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Others have suggested that finding himself at the centre of an internal conflict in Miletus, he chose to go	go	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The Annals of Lindisfarne and Durham, written in the early 12th century, relate under the year 1046 that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The only exception to the bloodline requirements is in the case of Appaloosa colored geldings or spayed mares with unknown	unknown	ADJ	pedigrees	NOUN	 pedigrees
One exception was the Paul Quinn Weekly newspaper, of Texas ' Paul Quinn College — an all black institution	institution	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
He made 80, putting on 159 with fellow Victorian Neil Harvey, who made his first Test century in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He also built a frame home that year which still stands; Pickett House is the oldest house in Bellingham	Bellingham	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Gwyn took control of the Second Division, but soon went on a leave of absence from January 8,	,	PUNCT	18	NUM	 18
The court read down the burden of proof as merely one of an evidential burden – meaning the defendant merely	merely	ADV	had	VERB	 had
Henry Poe was an inspiration to his brother's life and writings and the two had similar writing styles.	.	PUNCT	Edgar	PROPN	 Edgar
Swift said the video centered around unrequited love. Some of Swift's associates first believed the video should have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Like other homeostatic devices, the control of enzymatic action helps to maintain a stable internal environment in living organisms	organisms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Whereas Caesar supposedly built his bridge in ten days, the filmmakers had around forty. The schedule was short	short	ADJ	though	ADV	 though
As a compromise, the company provided Stember with sounds sampled at the relatively low rate of 22 kHz,	,	PUNCT	half	DET	 half
Mostly, these tended to be instances of embellishment, such as when Chatwin wrote of a nurse who loved	loved	VERB	the	DET	 the
Throughout the 1970s and 80s Bristol Old Vic productions were well received both locally and on tour, but by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Who is? He's got his vices and very few perceptible virtues except patriotism and courage, which are	are	AUX	probably	ADV	 probably
In 2000, he became part owner of the Phoenix Coyotes, and following the 2004 – 05 NHL lockout	lockout	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The arms shipment to the Haganah, known as the " Cement Incident ", served as the final impetus	impetus	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
Historically, the hookbill was only recorded three times. All three sightings were made by George C. Munro;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The strongest cyclone of the season, the first hurricane, peaked at Category 4 strength with 145 mph (	(	PUNCT	230	NUM	230
After a Republican air attack on the German warship Deutschland, Germany and Italy said they would withdraw from the	the	DET	Non	PROPN	 Non
In July 1863, during the three day New York Draft Riots, in which most participants were ethnic Irish	Irish	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
According to Brazilian football chronicler Mario Rodrigues Filho, claims of authorship of football skills reflected the tenor of the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Under the leadership of Google, the team was in the process of developing a standardized, Linux based operating	operating	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Once the final modifications had been made, the Committee of Style and Arrangement was appointed " to revise the	the	DET	style	NOUN	 style
Beaufort developed the Wind Force Scale and Weather Notation coding, which he was to use in his journals for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, in sculpture, he is often four armed and in two of his hands, he holds a	a	DET	lotus	NOUN	 lotus
She took a total of 0 / 24 from 10 overs. After playing in the first four matches of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 2016 season was a disaster for the Gophers as they only managed to win two conference games. The	The	DET	lone	ADJ	 lone
An early European depiction of a cockatoo is present in the 1496 painting by Andrea Mantegna titled Madonna della Vittoria	Vittoria	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Once inside, he encounters the ghost of a deceased orphan, Lauryl, who was killed by the Gray	Gray	PROPN	Lady	PROPN	 Lady
Among other issues, the MPs criticized that policemen parked their cars and put bullet proof vests on within the	the	DET	shooting	NOUN	 shooting
During World War II, soldiers of the 7th Infantry Division were awarded three Medals of Honor, 26 Distinguished	Distinguished	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
One proposal included building a highway linking the Biscayne Bay keys to the Overseas Highway at Key Largo and to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Aurora left Hobart on 24 December 1914, having been delayed in Australia by financial and organizational problems. The	The	DET	arrival	NOUN	 arrival
The general provision regarding criminal aspects of self defense are contained in the Section 29 (Necessary self defense)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
He also carried a.322 batting average with 43 RBI. The RBI total ranked third in the NL since May	May	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
It received a Nielsen rating of 7.5 percent, meaning that it was watched by 7.5 percent of all of	of	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Teeth chattering, hisses and exhalations are also made as aggressive warnings. Visual displays also occur: Weddell seals	seals	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
Kirsten Koba of Popmatters commented that " Irresistible is more reminiscent of trips to the dentist's office, or	or	CCONJ	any	DET	 any
Stefani, preoccupied with her baby Kingston Rossdale, cancelled their session and commented that she " didn't want	want	VERB	to	PART	 to
An Easter egg ending can be found at the beginning of the game. To trigger it, Ajay must	must	AUX	simply	ADV	 simply
On his return to Rome Bizet successfully requested permission to extend his stay in Italy into a third year,	,	PUNCT	rather	ADV	 rather
The commission, led by French colonel Pierre Chardigny, included representatives from Italy, Great Britain, Spain,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Trainfire ", a classic country – style song inspired by Elvis Presley's cover of " Mystery Train	Train	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
West Honaker's power plant was a single triple expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, which	which	PRON	moved	VERB	 moved
The appeal was from a unanimous decision of the Court of Appeal that the Crown, both under the statutory	statutory	ADJ	Defence	PROPN	 Defence
After the clashes, SP approached the Election Commission demanding de registration of MNS. SP general secretary whose press	press	NOUN	conference	NOUN	 conference
It extends from Forest Hills in Jamaica Plain, Boston in the south to Oak Grove in Malden in the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
" As an historical example, he cites the raid on Lindisfarne in 793, an event considered the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
IGN awarded Episode One with the title of " Best PC FPS of 2006 " and described it as a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Failing to match the popularity of her previous singles, the song peaked at number fifteen on the Australian ARIA	ARIA	PROPN	Charts	PROPN	 Charts
It was McDowall's final film before his death in October 1998. Edie McClurg as Dr. Flora, the	the	DET	doctor	NOUN	 doctor
Fifield falls face first into a puddle of dark liquid. When the crew return, they find Millburn's	's	PART	corpse	NOUN	 corpse
" Gore is the recipient of a number of awards, including the Nobel Peace Prize (together with the	the	DET	Intergovernmental	PROPN	 Intergovernmental
Consequently, sample preparation for the latter two techniques is relatively simple. Optical absorption is routinely used to quantify	quantify	VERB	quality	NOUN	 quality
" Following the funeral, a tribute was held at the Baltimore Governor's Mansion. In the ensuing weeks	weeks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Western philosophers, since the time of Descartes and Locke, have struggled to comprehend the nature of consciousness	consciousness	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The song also peaked at number 28 on the Adult Contemporary, where it remained for four weeks. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Mr. Bellamy ", the sixth song on the album, was thought by online fans to be about	about	ADP	McCartney	PROPN	 McCartney
Having lived outside the territory for more than 25 years and having great difficulty remembering his native African language,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Two thick folds of skin encircle the body behind the front legs and before the hind legs. The rhino	rhino	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
After the death of King John in 1216 the war turned against the rebel barons and the royalist faction,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The film won three National Film Awards including Best Actress, three Filmfare Awards and six Screen Awards including Best	Best	PROPN	Picture	PROPN	 Picture
Though he praised it for being useful to tourists, researchers, students, resource managers, and conservationists,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
(The Pythagorean theorem has been shown, in fact, to be equivalent to Euclid's Parallel (Fifth	Fifth	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Censors like Martin Quigley and Joseph Breen understood that: a private industry code, strictly enforced, is more	more	ADV	effective	ADJ	 effective
It widens into a four lane divided highway and emerges from the woods into agricultural areas, intersecting MD 480	480	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
In the early 1870s during the Grant Administration, lucrative postal route contracts were given to local contractors on the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
When a colleague is stuck in an elevator with his feet dangling out of the doors, Ling asks,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Hall then took a brief hiatus and made her return on August 3, teaming with Phoenix to defeat Mickie	Mickie	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
It was also included in BusinessWeek's unranked list of 60 " Best Design Schools in the World ".	.	PUNCT	Admissions	NOUN	 Admissions
The Germans claimed to have destroyed 75 French aircraft in the air and 400 on the ground. Such was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The remainder were otherwise notable: Lieutenant Colonel John Fownes Luttrell (1752 – 1816). He was a	a	DET	member	NOUN	 member
Tyshane, who previously contributed to a track from Church Clothes, co produced the song " Violence " with	with	ADP	ThaInnaCircle	PROPN	 ThaInnaCircle
It was incorporated into an armoury leading to the naming of the " tombstone battery ". The island seems	seems	VERB	to	PART	 to
By that time, American forces had set up the Pusan Perimeter to the southeast. On 22 July,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Mulder and Scully " was eventually released in January 1998 and, due to heavy promotion via BBC Radio	Radio	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
The chief exports during British rule were cotton, jaggery, chillies, tobacco, palmyra fibre, salt,	,	PUNCT	dried	VERB	 dried
After being pulled back on stage, he announced, " Thanks to the lame ass security, I'm	'm	AUX	going	VERB	 going
The stage at the western end was 49 feet (14.9 m) deep and 69.5 feet (21.2 m	m	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Thurstan travelled to Rome, as did the Archbishop of Canterbury, William de Corbeil, and both presumably opposed	opposed	VERB	David	PROPN	 David
Spoken dialogue is in English, with Japanese subtitles. New scenes, clarifying certain plot points, such as	as	ADP	Riku	PROPN	 Riku
Having failed to gain a first down, Air Force turned the ball over to Virginia Tech, which began	began	VERB	a	DET	 a
The eight bar prechorus abruptly cuts in with minor chords and sampled feedback replaces the bass which drops out.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
He accused both administrations of wasteful spending, specifically attacking the construction of the Kentucky Turnpike and Freedom Hall as	as	ADP	unnecessary	ADJ	 unnecessary
A challenger to Planica arrived in 1949 with the construction of Heini Klopfer Skiflugschanze (" Heini Klopfer ski flying	flying	NOUN	hill	NOUN	 hill
Jack orders the survivors to abandon ship, but Elizabeth manacles him to the mast so that the crew can	can	AUX	escape	VERB	 escape
No. 149 Squadron was not prepared for war. At least one of the crews — Flying Officer (	(	PUNCT	F	PROPN	F
However, the Dutch took another route and landed in La Puntilla. De Haro realized that an invasion was	was	AUX	inevitable	ADJ	 inevitable
After the Germans successfully broke out of Messina, the navy was recalled. The fleet had by that time	time	NOUN	advanced	VERB	 advanced
That afternoon two infantry platoons attacked ' A ' Company, but were fought off by a counter attack from	from	ADP	'	PUNCT	 '
And to prevent all Evasion, Demand the Result You Want — $25.00 a MONTH and a lower cost	cost	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Because they walked single file, with a hand on the shoulder of the person in front, an observer	observer	NOUN	remarked	VERB	 remarked
The Salford of the 1970s was the setting for the BAFTA award winning East is East. Salford was featured	featured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" However, in contrast to public and media dissent, the NSPCC's director of communications, John Grounds	Grounds	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Sheffield Football Association was founded following the tournament. The 12 teams involved in the tournament were joined by	by	ADP	Sheffield	PROPN	 Sheffield
Rolling Stone said the song " merges a Joshua Tree style gospel feel with a hypnotically loping bass line and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
" The positive view towards Pedro II, and nostalgia for his reign, only grew as the nation quickly	quickly	ADV	fell	VERB	 fell
Describing the records, he said among them were two " very non commercial abstract, modular synthesis field recordings	recordings	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The team rebounded with a 7 – 7 record in 1965, (mostly due to the acquisition of quarterback	quarterback	NOUN	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
Tri Sviatitelia had three dynamos with a total output of 305 kW, but these were too small and could	could	AUX	not	PART	 not
Byng inspected the Canadian Corps positions and noted that the Canadian troops were overlooked by German positions and under constant	constant	ADJ	danger	NOUN	 danger
All executed members of the WiN took active part in anti Nazi resistance during World War II. The postwar	postwar	ADJ	Polish	PROPN	 Polish
On January 5, 2010, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified the single double platinum	platinum	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Modern historians do not accept this interpretation, while not exonerating Richard from responsibility for his own deposition. Most	Most	ADJ	authorities	NOUN	 authorities
Sometimes referred to as the Brady bill loophole, the Brady law loophole, the gun law loophole, or	or	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
His fortune was inherited by his single son, Tomasz Zamoyski. Fame of Zamoyski, significance in life,	,	PUNCT	endured	VERB	 endured
" Kael further noted that " The dance numbers are funny, amazing, and beautiful all at once;	;	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
Priya Elan of NME cited only " Freakum Dress " and " Ring the Alarm " as highlights and criticized	criticized	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Whenever he has been asked, Kondo lists the Overworld themes from Super Mario Bros. and The Legend of Zelda	Zelda	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
This, along with the disputed election to Winchester, was the cause of Neville's fall from favour.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The album was stylistically diverse; Hamasaki included rock- and trip hop influenced tracks as well as " summery "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to being a member of the governing body, the pastor is the assembly's leader and "	"	PUNCT	vision	NOUN	 vision
The 6th MGB Flotilla was based at HMS Beehive in Felixstowe from April 1941, where they were tasked to	to	PART	engage	VERB	 engage
This often makes it difficult to accurately assess depression among women in India in light of no admonition of depression	depression	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The player has access to a wide range of weapons, including handguns, rifles, submachine guns, a	a	DET	shotgun	NOUN	 shotgun
" The fifth episode of Series 2 won the 9 p.m. slot with 5.4 million viewers and a 22%	%	NOUN	audience	NOUN	 audience
In late June the 3rd Division was reinforced by the US 162nd Regimental Combat Team, which staged an amphibious	amphibious	ADJ	landing	NOUN	 landing
She compared the writing process to writing a diary; whenever she would experience something that she thought would be	be	AUX	important	ADJ	 important
After the territory was reorganized in 1809 and the Illinois Territory was split off, Vincennes was then on the	the	DET	far	ADV	 far
Improvements were effected again in 1919 and 1963 through public support from Tamil Hindus from Colombo and Jaffna. The	The	DET	temple	NOUN	 temple
Novoselic convinced Cobain to change the title due to fear that it could potentially result in a lawsuit. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Having regained their Premier League status in the early 2000s, the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi	Dhabi	PROPN	United	PROPN	 United
The annual award, bestowed by the children's librarians division of the American Library Association, is given for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
An editor writing in The Times of India found a theme of feminine assertiveness in " Cater 2 U "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
The ground hosted the first Scottish Cup Final, in 1874, and a Scotland v England match in 1878	1878	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
And sometimes when things go bad you do go like that, you stalk them on Facebook... " On	On	ADP	31	NUM	 31
" With nothing but praise for Rioli, Clarkson also made mention of his achievements in 2008, " He	He	PRON	's	AUX	's
Its roots have been traced to the music of acts like Pantera, Biohazard and Machine Head, drawing on	on	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
However, later it was found that Rebellin had tested positive for Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator (CERA, a	a	DET	third	ADJ	 third
She also serves on the board of directors of Woodmont Country Club. The Falks have two daughters, Daina	Daina	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They performed comedy sketches throughout the morning, and often interacted with the people in the studio. Another comedy	comedy	NOUN	character	NOUN	 character
The bulk of the construction occurred in 2006. Installation of the engines and other equipment occurred during the spring	spring	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Napoli's league form had dropped lower, and relegation to Serie B came at the end of 1997 –	–	PUNCT	98	NUM	 98
He brought up the mark with an all run five, having turned a short ball from Lala Amarnath towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Work on a screenplay started promptly, before Weisberger had even finished her work. When it became a	a	DET	bestseller	NOUN	 bestseller
Small increases in incidence have been observed in subsequent vaccination campaigns, but not to the same extent. The	The	DET	2009	NUM	 2009
Æthelnoth's elevation probably was a gesture of appeasement, as Æthelnoth's brother Æthelweard had been executed in 1017	1017	NUM	by	ADP	 by
Director of March Cars, 1969 79 Member of High Level Gp, CARS (Competitive Automotive Regulatory System for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The show was announced in March 2011, based on Hasbro's 2010 introduction of the Blythe Loves Littlest Pet	Pet	PROPN	Shop	PROPN	 Shop
Alexander visited the newly acquired territories of West Thrace, and on 8 July 1920 the new name for the	the	DET	region	NOUN	 region
Battles do not generally appear on the field screen of the Net but are usually set as random encounters.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the lawest and thrid rank tehar is only the draught of ane floure, weil done, wpone aa	aa	NOUN	rud	PROPN	 rud
The British Crown obtained title over the island in accordance with legal principles governing the acquisition of territory at that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Meanwhile, the North Koreans still held strongly against the division left where the 27th Infantry had heavy fighting in	in	ADP	trying	VERB	 trying
It is played in the scene of Vesper Lynd recruiting Evelyn Tremble, seen through a man size aquarium in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Pacquette started his career with Queens Park Rangers and he made his first team debut towards the end of the	the	DET	2000	NUM	 2000
" In 2009, Lu visited China in July 2009 as part of an official delegation for the Obama administration	administration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He attempted to garner support for his tolerationist policy by giving a speaking tour in the West of England in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hunt's carriage arrived at the meeting shortly after 1: 00 pm, and he made his way to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 7 April 1997, Wuryanto was convicted of destroying evidence for taking the blood, which Marisyem's lawyers	lawyers	NOUN	speculated	VERB	 speculated
Pores are up to 1 mm in diameter, angular, and the same color as the tubes. The	The	DET	stipe	NOUN	 stipe
During and after the Second World War, a variety of camouflage schemes were used for aircraft and for ground	ground	NOUN	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
Hazlitt notes, however, that should anyone think Macbeth's character is so composed of contradictory extremes as to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
In the opening game of the fourth round, Torres scored the game winner against the Boston Bruins with 19	19	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
He was discharged from the army in October 1919, retaining his rank of major. Shackleton returned to the	the	DET	lecture	NOUN	 lecture
When it comes to the chorus, a second Morissette comes in. She is in a green sweater and	and	CCONJ	sits	VERB	 sits
The find was announced to Napoleon's newly founded scientific association in Cairo, the Institut d'Égypte, in a	a	DET	report	NOUN	 report
Caxias met and befriended Marques de Sousa, who had served under his command in the War of the Ragamuffins	Ragamuffins	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As the ships are built from only conventional materials, Apollo has been assigned to destroy them in a preemptive	preemptive	ADJ	strike	NOUN	 strike
After the defeat and execution of the king of Copán in 738, the sculptural style of Quiriguá closely resembled	resembled	VERB	that	PRON	 that
There has been numerous debates as to the nature of Van Gogh's illness and its effect on his work	work	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It received positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Yankovic chose not to release a lead single and instead publicized	publicized	VERB	the	DET	 the
So it's sort of this psychological chess game. " This version of the character was also used in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
She encountered Vaan, who was arrested along with Balthier and Fran. This encounter forced her into a series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ken Davitian as Azamat Bagatov, the producer of Borat's documentary. Azamat was a new character created for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The songs are about: " being in a relationship while you're on the road, and the different	different	ADJ	hardships	NOUN	 hardships
Later that day, the disturbance was classified as Tropical Depression Three C about 850 mi (1,370 km)	)	PUNCT	south	ADV	 south
At the 1990 awards, they were for Best Off Prime Time Family Series and Best Young Actor in an	an	DET	Off	PROPN	 Off
Bellingham was again elected governor in 1654, and again in May 1665 after the death of Governor John Endecott	Endecott	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Destroyers Csepel and Balaton were sent to simultaneously attack Italian transports shuttling between Italy and Valona, and sank an	an	DET	Italian	ADJ	 Italian
Footage of her driving into Bakersfield to trade her car is also shown. They also provided the location shots	shots	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The handball court, in homage to the architect's former math teacher, sports a roof with curvature that	that	PRON	traces	VERB	 traces
It was not generally known as Eta Carinae until 1879, when the stars of Argo Navis were finally given	given	VERB	the	DET	 the
The metric system was originally conceived as a system of measurement that was derivable from nature. When the metric	metric	ADJ	system	NOUN	 system
Ficus obliqua is pollinated by two species of fig wasp — Pleistodontes greenwoodi and P. xanthocephalus. Female and male	male	ADJ	flowers	NOUN	 flowers
His attempts to raise an army for Scotland collapsed and the earls suspended the collection of the new taxes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Some wrap it around the upper arm for less than a full revolution (the bare minimum to keep the	the	DET	knot	NOUN	 knot
But Star continued to struggle financially because of high maintenance costs for its wooden planes. In 1937, McGee	McGee	PROPN	came	VERB	 came
This was raised again in 1894 to thirteen. As part of the focus on higher education, Georgetown Preparatory	Preparatory	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
According to one New Mexico paper, " Johnson left the state fiscally solid ", and was " arguably	arguably	ADV	the	DET	 the
Some pygmy sundews, such as D. lasiantha and D. scorpioides, also form adventitious roots as supports. D.	D.	PROPN	intermedia	PROPN	 intermedia
However, Hagen notes that instead of beginning Caged Bird chronologically, with Maya and Bailey's arrival in Stamps	Stamps	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Drinkwater was again referred to (though not by name) in Chabon's 1995 novel Wonder Boys,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
At WrestleMania XXIV, Michaels defeated Flair in a retirement match, a stipulation that only applied to Flair.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Two hurricane models predicted for the storm to intensify to major hurricane status over the western Caribbean. The official	official	ADJ	forecast	NOUN	 forecast
Under this system, this class would have had the prefix " C " before the numbers, such as	as	ADP	C30	PROPN	 C30
Earlier, Narayan had sent the manuscript of Swami and Friends to a friend at Oxford, and about this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The King of Scotland and local Welsh rulers had taken advantage of the long civil war in England to seize	seize	VERB	disputed	VERB	 disputed
The ordering in a liquid crystal might extend along only one dimension, with the material being essentially disordered in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the third game in the series. On February 11, 2016, Microsoft added Trials HD as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
In 1804, after the American acquisition, Don Ramón had been appointed to the position of consul general for	for	ADP	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
" Road to Europe " is the second episode of the " Road to... " hallmarks of the series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By 1844, preference had been expressed for Romania Outer Island, or Peak Rock. Some time in November	November	PROPN	1844	NUM	 1844
As the negotiations continued into 1996, a panel appointed by Houston mayor Bob Lanier reported that building a new	new	ADJ	arena	NOUN	 arena
During this time, French physician Samuel de Sorbière and English contemporary Samuel Pepys were among visitors. Alumni of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They held a maximum advantage of 15 minutes, but were never really seen as a threat, and in	in	ADP	fact	NOUN	 fact
The French national counsel, Roger Errera, suggested Goldstone, commenting that " if he is Jewish, that	that	PRON	goes	VERB	 goes
George W. Whitman, brother of the poet Walt Whitman and a member of the regiment, was notified by	by	ADP	Shepard	PROPN	 Shepard
On March 4, 1776, troops from the Continental Army under George Washington's command occupied Dorchester Heights,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
These provided 31,300 shp (23,340 kW) horsepower, some 6,000 shp (4,474 kW) greater than her	her	PRON	original	ADJ	 original
Sedatives or anesthetics such as barbiturates can be given intravenously, or inhalant anesthetics may be used. Amphibians and	and	CCONJ	fish	NOUN	 fish
Giles, for whom Great Moments was her first feature film, believes that it was the success of Oranges	Oranges	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
The route follows Idaho Road northward through a residential area with four lanes. Following a junction with Old West	West	PROPN	Highway	PROPN	 Highway
These were accompanied by two privately owned skiffs, one belonging to the boatswain John Gathrey, and the other	other	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
On August 7, 2015, it was announced that Sulli had officially withdrawn from the group to focus on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
As a result of delays to the F 35 program, the Australian Government is considering buying additional F /	/	PUNCT	A	PROPN	 A
Coulsdon, UK: IHS Global. ISBN 978 0 7106 2959 3. Sedra, Mark; et al	al	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Under this provision, a federal court may certify a non covered jurisdiction to receive federal observers if the court	court	NOUN	determines	VERB	 determines
" Judaism in Music " (1850) was the first of Wagner's writings to feature antisemitic views.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The Marcel Bezençon Awards were first handed out during the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 in Tallinn, Estonia, honouring	honouring	VERB	the	DET	 the
She is portrayed by British actress Laila Rouass. Maya is introduced in the ninth series of the programme as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reyes tries to remind him that it does not matter as long as the case is solved. " Underneath	Underneath	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
John Ehrlichman, a long time friend of Haldeman, who had also served as White House Counsel, had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Due to a variety of reasons, within weeks the major powers of Europe — divided into two alliances known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
This provided him with a key strategic military depot and forward base to harbour his ships (de Crespigny 1990	1990	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
1210s / 1220s – 1275 or 1276 / 1277) was a prominent 13th century Bulgarian noble (bolyarin)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
In space, the enemy is a supercomputer known as HAL who runs the spaceship, a character which novelist	novelist	NOUN	Clancy	PROPN	 Clancy
The torment does not subside, and he comes to reject the Catholic Church in defiance as the source of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Following the scorched earth tactics of retreating Wehrmacht troops, large areas in Northern Norway needed to be rebuilt.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On 8 February 2011, the Kyrgyzstani Supreme Court agreed to hear new evidence in Askarov's case; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The SL79 operate on the Briskeby, Ekeberg, Frogner, Gamleby, Grünerløkka – Torshov, Kjelsås and Vika	Vika	PROPN	Lines	PROPN	 Lines
In this antenna the feed is connected to an intermediate point along the length of the antenna instead of to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The other Norwegian station, Tor, was established for researching birds at the breeding colony in Svarthamaren Mountain.	.	PUNCT	Activities	NOUN	 Activities
On the reverse, in the center of the cross was a golden representation in relief of the imperial orb	orb	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Nolan felt using make up would look unrealistic, as it adds to the face, unlike real burn victims	victims	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
I never thought about packing it in. " At the end of the season, Gunn won Norwich's	's	PART	Player	PROPN	 Player
Major Malayalam periodicals include Mathrubhumi, India Today Malayalam, Madhyamam Weekly, Grihalakshmi, Vanitha, Dhanam, Chithrabhumi	Chithrabhumi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Peel began playing for Yorkshire in 1883 but, after a successful debut, was overshadowed in the team by	by	ADP	Edmund	PROPN	 Edmund
Instead they told him that she was to be indentured as a servant at Richard Lovell Edgeworth's country house	house	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They are typically two spored, although rarely three- or four spored forms have been found. Although the two	two	NUM	spored	ADJ	 spored
Due to limited screen availability (about 1,000), Balaji Motion Pictures negotiated with the producers of Chennai Express	Express	PROPN	to	PART	 to
In China and Mongolia, wolves are only protected in reserves. Mongolian populations have been estimated at 10,000 –	–	PUNCT	30,000	NUM	 30,000
The 17th place finalist in the second qualifying heat, Iraq's Haidar Nasser Shaheed, threw 1.08 meters further	further	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
There's a lot of people around Oxford who are real spliffheads and that, who go and lie down	down	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Soon after his election, he won approval for a three percent sales tax to pay a bonus to military	military	ADJ	veterans	NOUN	 veterans
Baseless rumors of questionable business dealings also circulated, such as one which portrayed him as a Rio de Janeiro	Janeiro	PROPN	slum	NOUN	 slum
He left Vancouver as the franchise's all time leader in goals and points with 346 and 756, respectively	respectively	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
On August 22, Watkins met individually with Lay and gave him a six page letter further explaining Enron's	's	PART	accounting	NOUN	 accounting
The match, held at United's home ground Old Trafford, was goalless until the 80th minute when midfielder	midfielder	NOUN	David	PROPN	 David
The eventual premiere of the show on CBS was on February 17, 2008, and was watched by 8.1	8.1	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The rest of the first wave was jumbled up. Major P.H. Pike found his A Company of the 2	2	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Charley destroyed 40 houses and damaged 2,231, 231 severely, including 221 damaged beach homes in Sunset Beach.	.	PUNCT	Damage	NOUN	 Damage
The doctors treating him were confident that he stood some chance of recovery, but were doubtful that he would	would	AUX	ever	ADV	 ever
On February 4, Fox Sports Net's The Best Damn Sports Show Period held a special episode named "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ip Man's eldest son, Ip Chun, would have preferred the film to be shot on location in	in	ADP	Foshan	PROPN	 Foshan
Let's go far left and just see what happens. " His answer motivated the collective, and they	they	PRON	ended	VERB	 ended
She also demonstrates how Burke embodies the worst of his own ideas. He becomes the hysterical, illogical,	,	PUNCT	feminine	ADJ	 feminine
The solution included the " Phase 2 " wing, featuring a kinked and drooped leading edge and vortex generators	generators	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The detection of this orbiting planetary object, Epsilon Eridani b, was announced by Bruce Campbell, Gordon Walker	Walker	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Scottish victories in the late thirteenth and early fourteenth centuries have been seen as part of a wider " infantry	infantry	NOUN	revolution	NOUN	 revolution
Krichell realised Ford had a strong arm, and recommended he tried pitching. Developing an effective fast curveball,	,	PUNCT	Ford	PROPN	 Ford
If no claimants to the property existed, the state took possession of these properties as Dharmadeya (charitable asset	asset	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The version of " My Bologna " is the Capitol Records single version, which only featured the accordion and	and	CCONJ	Yankovic	PROPN	 Yankovic
An image of a fake flavor of Ron Swanson themed Ben & Jerry's ice cream, called " All	All	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The review in The Washington Post declared, " He may perplex, irritate, and disappoint, but Dylan	Dylan	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
Operational conversion of new pilots then became the responsibility of front line squadrons. This practice disrupted the squadrons '	'	PART	normal	ADJ	 normal
Here, US 13 / DE 9 continue north northeast on four lane undivided South Heald Street, coming to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
A number of college members have rowed for the university against Cambridge University in the Boat Race and the Women	Women	PROPN	's	PART	's
Hendrix was scheduled to perform in Rotterdam on September 13, but the show, along with three others,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
They played a piece composed by participants from all six musical ensembles. Among the well known musicians who have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In between the two is 50 Kennedy Plaza. The Textron Tower is also a core building to the modest	modest	ADJ	Providence	PROPN	 Providence
A separation was granted with Gonne having custody of the baby and John having visiting rights. Yeats's friendship	friendship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Watson continued her involvement in fashion advertising when she announced she had been chosen as the face of Lancôme in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Despite being incorporated by the assembly, the academies were not public and were instead funded through tuition fees,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In an interview with Vanity Fair, she was critical of a variety of political topics, including Republican politicians	politicians	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
And their main job was to keep my hands held down so I wouldn't cut my throat. "	"	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Slated to sail into the Ionian Sea, U 21 instead had to turn back the following day when the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Its title character is a large headed, childlike children's clown who undergoes one horrifying affliction after another.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Donnelly also finds a newspaper clipping with a man named Hal Moffet and two of his friends, Clifford Scott	Scott	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Aaron Archer, Senior Design Director for Hasbro, stated of the Cybertron based setting " that's a really	really	ADV	cool	ADJ	 cool
Research by a team of international scientists in 2006 revealed that the Santorini event was much larger than the original	original	ADJ	estimate	NOUN	 estimate
They had two children, born in Wilno: Andrzej (16 January 1932) and Zofia (14 March	March	PROPN	1933	NUM	 1933
The issue was finally resolved when the leagues made peace through the National Agreement in September 1903 (which also	also	ADV	brought	VERB	 brought
There was no single piece of evidence that pointed to Gordon indisputably, but the prosecution argued that when the	the	DET	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Hessian troops under the command of Wilhelm von Knyphausen would attack the fort from the north, Percy was to	to	PART	lead	VERB	 lead
Since urbanization began in the 1960s, sudden high and sediment lacking flows of polluted water began to destroy the	the	DET	native	ADJ	 native
The storm injured 27 people in Okinawa, three seriously. Two buildings were damaged. Agricultural damage across Okinawa	Okinawa	PROPN	reached	VERB	 reached
Psilocybin is about 100 times less potent than LSD on a weight per weight basis, and the physiological effects	effects	NOUN	last	ADJ	 last
Cabell then scored on a César Cedeño ground out to make the game 2 – 0. Art Howe singled	singled	VERB	to	PART	 to
Under the Molotov – Ribbentrop Pact of August 1939, Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Owen, however, voiced his dissatisfaction with what he viewed as Nicolls's harsh rule on the island,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
' s earlier work, optimal control theory was used more extensively in economics in addressing dynamic problems, especially	especially	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Draft analyst Mel Kiper, Jr. rated Mitchell as the 16th best prospect in the draft following the NFL Scouting	Scouting	PROPN	Combine	PROPN	 Combine
When the prostitute gets a customer, he kills the customer with a razor to prove he is not a	a	DET	homosexual	NOUN	 homosexual
Stromer claimed that the specimen was from the early Cenomanian, approximately 97 million years ago. This specimen was	was	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
On 31 October, the German Army high command ordered a halt to all offensive operations until increasingly severe logistical	logistical	ADJ	problems	NOUN	 problems
When the British aircraft carriers Victorious and Furious attacked Petsamo and Kirkenes on 29 July, the destroyers were far	far	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The film stars Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow as two friends determined to show their former high school tormentors at	at	ADP	their	PRON	 their
This system persisted from the 14th century until the 19th century, when the telegraph and modern road building were	were	AUX	introduced	VERB	 introduced
Reubens planned to re release the DVDs with audio commentaries by the following year, but this has yet to	to	PART	materialize	VERB	 materialize
Scholars are often wary of citing such commitments. … [but] it is dangerous for a scholar even	even	ADV	to	PART	 to
The route started with a 146.5 km (91.0 mi) route, initially heading south east before turning north	north	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Opening with a spoken dedication to Frank Sinatra, the Dark Horse recording was marred by Harrison's damaged singing	singing	NOUN	voice	NOUN	 voice
" A review in Guitar Player magazine included: Today [circa 1989], the Yardbirds ' second American	American	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
Yet these attacks were only partially successful due to the strength of the garrison. The bombardment of Gaza intensified	intensified	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Commenting on his play, Coach Krzyzewski said: " He understands, which most kids, believe me,	,	PUNCT	do	VERB	 do
In November 2002, NCMP Steve Chia supported a motion by the Minister for Education stating that " this House	House	PROPN	...	PUNCT	...
The lower jaw is solid and heavy. Because of the size of the head, the neck is relatively	relatively	ADV	short	ADJ	 short
He signed a one year, $1.5 million contract, well below his believed market value, to have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
This included Aramingo Argonaught, who was the first American Cocker Spaniel to be shown at Crufts in 1960 in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Factors that determine the risk of psychological dependence or physical dependence and the severity of the benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms experienced	experienced	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Fleming had originally conceived the card game scene as a separate short story but instead used the device for Bond	Bond	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The building was completed in less than two years, and the Keys started using the building in January 1821	1821	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Many of the seminary's graduates have served as faculty and administrators at Rutgers, Western Theological Seminary, Hope	Hope	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
The British government embargoed her machinery in 1940, despite French protests, when it discovered surreptitious contacts between the	the	DET	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
Given this disparity, whether the Supreme Court would uphold the constitutionality of Section 2 as appropriate legislation passed to	to	PART	enforce	VERB	 enforce
Unlike cysteine and serine, threonine is a secondary hydroxyl (i.e. has a methyl group). This methyl	methyl	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
In an attempt to dispel accusations that the JC's Girls message might be motivated by jealousy, Veitch lost	lost	VERB	weight	NOUN	 weight
The saxaul sparrow's species name refers to its desert habitat, coming from the name of the Ammodendron or	or	CCONJ	sand	NOUN	 sand
It was a rediscovery of how to perform, and also how to record, music with live musicians.	.	PUNCT	That	PRON	 That
He also suggested the IMF could help resolve the trade imbalances which could be the underlying casus belli for conflicts	conflicts	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
The Glass brothers ' smelter had been set up on the north side to process concentrated ore delivered by rail	rail	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In spite of his illness, Joy Division's career progressed. He appeared on the cover of 13 January	January	PROPN	1979	NUM	 1979
" On My Own " featured guest vocals from Davis, as well as Martina McBride and Trisha Yearwood.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
The Analgizer inhaler was withdrawn in 1974, but use of methoxyflurane as a sedative and analgesic continues in Australia	Australia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Zardari's government gave in to popular pressure and Prime Minister Gilani in an early morning speech on 16 March	March	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
The portion of the freeway from Otay Valley Road to Telegraph Canyon Road opened during 1972. On October 22	22	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The group comprises guitarist, founder and composer Wacław " Vogg " Kiełtyka, vocalist Rafał Piotrowski, bassist Paweł	Paweł	PROPN	Pasek	PROPN	 Pasek
Mr. Hooper, played by Will Lee from the premiere of Sesame Street in 1969 until his death in 1982	1982	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The tape box bore an instruction to leave " Her Majesty " off the final product, but the next	next	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
I thought he was outstanding, he looked exciting on the ball and he got crosses into the box "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Nearing the trade deadline on March 15, 2012, the Rockets traded Hasheem Thabeet and Jonny Flynn to the	the	DET	Portland	PROPN	 Portland
204. Retrieved 28 August 2015. Ice Bound Heights of the Mustagh: An Account of Two seasons of	of	ADP	Pioneer	PROPN	 Pioneer
Greinke was then selected to the All Star Game, his second straight appearance, and subsequently chosen to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
It wasn't until March 3, 1901, that Congress appropriated $50,000 for the erection of the statue	statue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At 0600 UTC on December 5, the hurricane's appearance generated 4.7 on the Dvorak technique, a system	system	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
The largest in the area was the Mellert family's farm, usually called the Crew farm for a former	former	ADJ	owner	NOUN	 owner
The HouseGuests would collect tiles and attempt to spell a word with their collected tiles; the HouseGuest with the	the	DET	longest	ADJ	 longest
MSNBC's video game news blog has written that " [n] o other game app comes close "	"	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Oremus would then " ' blow up ' the vocal line into harmonies, create the incidental music that linked	linked	VERB	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
They can be caused either by defects in the moulds, or more often by the moulding process itself.	.	PUNCT	Methods	NOUN	 Methods
Ben quickly orders Goodwin (Brett Cullen) and Ethan to join the survivors, stay undercover, and provide	provide	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Four days later the brigade received news that it would also deploy, as reinforcements, to Gallipoli, but	but	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
On 23 June 1985, Air India Flight 182 Emperor Kanishka, a Boeing 747 237B (registered VT EFO	EFO	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
She then rejoined Yavûz Sultân Selîm for the return to the Bosporus, during which the two ships evaded strong	strong	ADJ	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
Nearby anatomic structures, such as the inferior alveolar nerve, the maxillary sinus and blood vessels, can also	also	ADV	be	AUX	 be
During the first half of the 20th century, some writers suggested that Smith might have suffered from epileptic seizures	seizures	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
She next featured alongside Salman Khan, Sushmita Sen and Sohail Khan in Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?, a	a	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The film is a melodrama focusing on John Warren, a young clerk, who is struck by a taxi	taxi	NOUN	cab	NOUN	 cab
Gilbert described the play as a " musical fairytale ". Italian born Alberto Randegger was better known as a	a	DET	conductor	NOUN	 conductor
On June 11, the storm made landfall as a minimal tropical storm in the Kōchi Prefecture just before becoming	becoming	VERB	extratropical	ADJ	 extratropical
After this, the Globetrotters broke up due to differences in their approach to tag teaming. Costello then moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Captive Honour " is a song about prison and the consequences of crime, while " Psychotron " was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
They threatened the Yankees that Taylor would not sign and instead attend Louisburg College, a local junior college,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
His work in King John had brought about a " revolution in nineteenth century stage practice ", which lasted	lasted	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In 2014, Memphis Tigers coach Josh Pastner stated that his father, who was a ballboy for the Warriors	Warriors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Unable to let her friend suffer, Cordelia has Skip return the timeline to normal, and agrees to become	become	VERB	half	ADV	 half
However, Shiki has become what Neku values most, and she is used as his new entry fee for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Lady Chapel was the earliest part of the cathedral to be built. There was a competition in 1907	1907	NUM	to	PART	 to
Professional divers may be required by legislation or industry codes of practice to carry sufficient reserve gas to enable them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
" City in the forest " The original Development Corporation design concept aimed for a " forest city " and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
However, frugal spending helped to recover the estate and Fownes Luttrell invested in 1760 in the manor of Foremarsh	Foremarsh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In response, the audience shouted No in unison, urging him to keep writing. Along with the international	international	ADJ	symposium	NOUN	 symposium
Some cards were awkwardly shaped or irregularly sized, which prompted a belief that many of the cards in the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
The modern thylacine first appeared about 4 million years ago. Species of the family Thylacinidae date back to the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
There are two main rock types on the Mendips: the Devonian sandstones visible around Blackdown and Downhead and the	the	DET	Carboniferous	PROPN	 Carboniferous
I think, on the other hand, a silver dollar might be too large. I think we can	can	AUX	dispose	VERB	 dispose
A writer in Le Quotidien de Paris wrote: " The much feared pyramid has become adorable. " The	The	DET	experience	NOUN	 experience
The two orders had very different approaches to the conversion of the Indians. The Franciscans used a method of	of	ADP	mass	NOUN	 mass
In the street fighting 13 British troops and 300 Malays were killed. Resistance was subsequently lost on 24 July	July	PROPN	1798	NUM	 1798
This was cancelled on 19 November after the location of the German East Asia Squadron was revealed by survivors of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The effects and production design are stunning, but they always serve the story, not the other way around	around	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Hess died on 17 August 1987 at the age of 93 in a summer house that had been set up	up	ADP	in	ADP	 in
He thought Frozen managed to capture the classic Disney spirit of the Disney Renaissance films and early classics such as	as	ADP	Snow	PROPN	 Snow
They were originally built by Strømmens Værksted in 1983 and 1984, and delivered as part of the D series	series	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It depicts the traditional account of the prince taking seven steps, which resulted in seven lotuses blooming spontaneously,	,	PUNCT	followed	VERB	 followed
In the essay, Tolkien also revealed how highly he regarded Beowulf: " Beowulf is among my most valued	valued	VERB	sources	NOUN	 sources
There are 16 miles (26 km) of trails at Black Moshannon State Park that are open to hiking	hiking	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both isoforms of monoamine oxidase, MAO A and MAO B, effectively metabolize dopamine. Different breakdown pathways exist	exist	VERB	but	CCONJ	 but
SpoilerTV's Winston Mize called the episode one of Rhimes ' best shows, praising it for avoiding a preachy	preachy	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
In 1996, the netball leadership actively pursued the possibility of netball being played at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Writer Frank Spotnitz later noted, " it had been a long time since X had done anything and the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
He was educated at Winchester College, noted as among the most intellectually rigorous of English public schools. He	He	PRON	then	ADV	 then
Rivadavia went back into reserve in 1932 before coming back out in January 1933. It remained in full commission	commission	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
All black color morphs are known to exist. The skin is covered in mucus which protects it from infection	infection	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The number of 2 cm guns was eventually increased to thirty eight. Six 53.3 cm (21.0 in)	)	PUNCT	above	ADP	 above
The SI unit of cumulative exposure is expressed in joule hours per cubic meter (J · h / m3	m3	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The development team decided that it did not work well as something that would ease players into the game,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Panamanian songwriter Omar Alfanno composed three tracks from the album: " Te Conozco Bien " (" I Know	Know	VERB	You	PRON	 You
She not only trained teachers for Dewey but assisted him in developing a revised curriculum for the music education program	program	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Without either a recognised Spanish king or the Junta that had appointed Cisneros, many people thought that the viceroy	viceroy	NOUN	no	ADV	 no
Rhodes took 141 wickets in the season, at an average of 13.27. In the autumn, he travelled	travelled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Global egg production was expected to reach 65.5 million tonnes in 2013, surpassing all previous years. Between 2000	2000	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The Orthodox congregation was founded with 15 families and constructed the synagogue in 1936. It was built by George	George	PROPN	Allen	PROPN	 Allen
In addition to personal experiences and feelings, Hamasaki bases lyrics on sources such as historical events. The life	life	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One weakness addressed by several reviewers is the unoriginality of the music, especially in comparison to the duo's	's	PART	previous	ADJ	 previous
The first Monopoly edition in Braille is published in 1973. Also in 1973, as the Atlantic City Commissioner	Commissioner	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In 1950, the ACLU board of directors asked executive director Baldwin to resign, feeling that he lacked the	the	DET	organizational	ADJ	 organizational
Subadult shells have a thin flared lip that continues to increase in thickness until death. Index Testarum Conchyliorum (	(	PUNCT	published	VERB	published
The Finns counterattacked, and the Soviets were pushed back to a new defensive line where they stayed for the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
The indigenous population soon rebelled against excessive Spanish demands, but the rebellion was quickly put down in April 1530	1530	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Lanchester's hair was given a Marcel wave over a wire frame to achieve the style. Lanchester disliked working	working	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In 1954, Lebrón received a letter from Albizu Campos, in which he declared his intention to order attacks	attacks	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" They had a problem with words, not bullets, " he said. The MPAA gave Paramount specific	specific	ADJ	notes	NOUN	 notes
The Orlando Sentinel's Gregory Hardy named it the third best episode of the show with a sports theme.	.	PUNCT	Phillip	PROPN	 Phillip
Choon Klet pointed to a high initial difficulty but said: " Once the skills are acquired, be ready	ready	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Tussman, Joseph; tenBroek, Jacobus (1949), " The Equal Protection of the Laws ",	,	PUNCT	California	PROPN	 California
Except, [he] is more than four years away from being able to vote. " After the	the	DET	conference	NOUN	 conference
On the day of the EP's release, U2.com streamed all three tracks for the site's subscribers for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Nevertheless, character designer Tatsuhiko Kanaoka, better known as " Falcoon ", said K ' was one of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Models came in either basic " A ", upgraded suspension " B ", or fully equipped " C	C	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As she is preparing to depart, she is confronted by Starlight, an Indian woman who works as a	a	DET	servant	NOUN	 servant
Immediately after the fire, NASA convened the Apollo 204 Accident Review Board to determine the cause of the fire	fire	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Süß is presented to the audience first in traditional ghetto attire and then a quick cutaway to a shot	shot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was buried at Penney Farms, Florida, on March 29, 1980. At his funeral, held	held	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In southwest Germany, gusts reached 75 mph (120 km / h). On August 10, a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Evar Swanson reclaimed the role he held in 1933 as starting right fielder for Chicago, and Bordagaray was returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
While Ke $ha was in the studio with Dr. Luke and Blanco, she took three takes to get	get	VERB	the	DET	 the
He also criticised the script for its " lashings of weapons grade sentimentality " and for " throwing up possibilities	possibilities	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
She was the main author of Birds of South Asia: The Ripley Guide, a landmark publication due to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He was an enthusiastic member of the Tolhurst Society which existed in Oxford in the 1960s and 70s. At	At	ADP	performances	NOUN	 performances
By the time Gygax and Kuntz had stopped working on their original home campaign, the castle dungeons had encompassed	encompassed	VERB	50	NUM	 50
These forged charters date from the second half of the 12th century. St Calais also ordered the destruction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon his return from Antarctica, he recommenced to his post as geology lecturer at the University of Adelaide.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Their show in Asunción, Paraguay was postponed a day, after lead singer Steven Tyler sustained facial injuries after	after	ADP	falling	VERB	 falling
An especially well struck Franklin half dollar is said to have full bell lines. To qualify, the seven	seven	NUM	parallel	ADJ	 parallel
From 2006 to 2010, six new schools were built on the site and named the Robert F. Kennedy Community	Community	PROPN	Schools	PROPN	 Schools
Shute declared war on the Abenaki in July 1722 following raids against British settlements on the Maine coast. Shute	Shute	PROPN	's	PART	's
Titanic held the record for box office gross for twelve years. Cameron's follow up film, Avatar,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Conditions were unsanitary in the 19th century. The road is mentioned in 1828 when there was an outbreak of	of	ADP	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
The SN 1054 supernova, which gave birth to the Crab Nebula, was also observed by Chinese and Islamic	Islamic	ADJ	astronomers	NOUN	 astronomers
However, her tendency to smoke when under stress and litter the streets with cigarettes has been criticised by UK	UK	PROPN	environmental	ADJ	 environmental
This arrangement provided flexibility of operation with the Basin being used as a lock when there were large numbers of	of	ADP	arrivals	NOUN	 arrivals
The P90 is notable for being fully ambidextrous — it can be operated by right or left handed shooters with	with	ADP	equal	ADJ	 equal
" The letters arrived in Massachusetts in March 1773, and came into the hands of Samuel Adams, then	then	ADV	serving	VERB	 serving
In the middle of 1995, the band underwent changes on the business side. Manager Ron Lafitte was hired	hired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Some people even named their children after Mileena, which became trending in 2015. Mileena's addition to the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
The couple married in Wailuku on Maui on February 2, 1961, and separated when, in late August	August	PROPN	1961	NUM	 1961
The First Transcontinental Railroad, completed in 1869, closely followed the main line of the California Trail and I	I	PRON	80	NUM	 80
The following season, however, boosted by a switch to full time professional status and helped by the goals	goals	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the German battlecruisers Goeben and Breslau were coaling in	in	ADP	Messina	PROPN	 Messina
The tent featured a photo booth which enabled fans to document their concert experience and express their support to take	take	VERB	action	NOUN	 action
Don't give up the ship! " In contrast to the confusion and loss of leadership aboard the American	American	ADJ	vessel	NOUN	 vessel
It was written by Minaj, Matthew Burnett, and Matthew Samuels. Production was helmed by Samuels under his	his	PRON	stage	NOUN	 stage
It can, however, be made into a surface of constant width, called Meissner's tetrahedron, by	by	ADP	replacing	VERB	 replacing
Owing to the starvation of resources, even as late as March 1943 the Atlantic supply lines were being threatened	threatened	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Following the Russian Revolution in 1917, the Caucasus Front collapsed, leaving Central Asia open to the Turkish Army	Army	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Together the Earl and Countess of Rosebery added greatly to not only the Mentmore collection but also to that housed	housed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
She was so badly damaged by the magazine explosion that she was not thought fit for service even if she	she	PRON	could	AUX	 could
We're investing billions into developing and scientifically assessing a portfolio of products that have the potential to be less	less	ADV	harmful	ADJ	 harmful
At the Academy Awards, she was favored to win the Best Actress Oscar, but the award went to	to	ADP	Jessica	PROPN	 Jessica
In addition, it has been noted that over time, the portrayal of husbands and wives in an intimate	intimate	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The branches of the fruit body end in spoon- to fan shaped tips that are frequently fringed or grooved.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Cape Colony was administered from two towns, the larger Cape Town on the wide Table Bay facing west	west	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It associates with birch trees and is typically found in boggy or swampy areas, often growing among sphagnum moss	moss	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, molecular analysis may shed more light on relationships and the current taxonomic treatment may change. The purple	purple	ADJ	backed-	NOUN	 backed-
As of June 2016, 767 300F deliveries stand at 114 with 78 unfilled orders. Airlines operated 115 examples	examples	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This narrative started at TNA's Victory Road PPV event on July 13, where Samoa Joe defended the TNA	TNA	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
The Argonauts entered the game with an undefeated record, having outscored their opposition 226 to 55 during the season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Levine and Mars played all the instruments on the track and recorded them; Levine was as well responsible for	for	ADP	engineering	VERB	 engineering
The episode drew 0.8 million viewers in the 18 – 49 demographic, which was down 0.3 and 0.2 million	million	NUM	from	ADP	 from
" A writer of Rap Up praised her look, saying that she was " burning up " the print	print	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An image taken at the Anglo Australian Telescope in 1993 was found to show the then unnoticed comet some 13	13	NUM	AU	PROPN	 AU
The way the referendum was carried out was heavily criticized by the opposition, including the exact wording of the	the	DET	question	NOUN	 question
As part of this campaign, Mark Ronson produced a re mix of Dylan's 1966 tune " Most Likely	Likely	ADV	You	PRON	 You
The enlarged reentry module was also considered for a spacecraft proposed at the same time, which would have been	been	AUX	used	VERB	 used
" Later inscriptions made more use of Ge ' ez, the language of the Aksumites, perhaps indicating a	a	DET	decline	NOUN	 decline
Having conducted several ballets at Covent Garden during the 1970s, Boult gave his last public performance conducting Elgar's	's	PART	ballet	NOUN	 ballet
The ribs are poorly developed, so the lungs are filled by buccal pumping and a frog deprived of its	its	PRON	lungs	NOUN	 lungs
Lützow was relieved of this command on 16 March 1944 due to personal differences with Schmid. Following his dismissal	dismissal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With their complex reproductive needs and permeable skins, amphibians are often ecological indicators; in recent decades there has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
One station refused to air the episode due to the language. " Sexual Harassment " received moderately positive reviews	reviews	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" In a December 1999 interview, bin Laden said he felt that Americans were " too near to Mecca	Mecca	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The coconut crab has a well developed sense of smell, which it uses to locate its food. The	The	DET	process	NOUN	 process
The poem was finally published by Cottle in 1796 (see 1796 in poetry) after changes to the text	text	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
Foremost among these was Chris Froome (Team Sky), the reigning champion of the Tour de France.	.	PUNCT	Froome	PROPN	 Froome
Sir Richard Morrison, the English resident ambassador with Charles V, knew nothing of this until he met Dudley	Dudley	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The guarding behavior, though, may conflict with males ’ pursuit of extra pair fertilizations. It is not	not	PART	yet	ADV	 yet
Meldrum's Force, commanded by Brigadier General W. Meldrum, was formed at 20: 30 from the New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
Having applied his perseverance and spells to erect a magical bridge, the piglet fulfills the requirement for marrying the	the	DET	emperor	NOUN	 emperor
Bill Wood, the Astros ' general manager, said the team believed Nevin was close to a major league	league	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
Spurred on by the introduction of artificial ice plants around the world by the British Royal Navy, the International	International	PROPN	Ice	PROPN	 Ice
From her experience within the community, Snook concurred that the majority of American Heathens were male, adding that	that	SCONJ	most	ADJ	 most
As late as August 2, floodwaters remained 1.5 to 2 ft (0.46 to 0.61 m) deep along	along	ADP	Military	PROPN	 Military
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007. Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode	episode	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
NBA agents earn about 4% of the salary and bonus that they negotiate for their clients. He then	then	ADV	branched	VERB	 branched
Back at Jay's uncle's house, the boys find that their parents have travelled to find them after	after	ADP	hearing	VERB	 hearing
After Mercyful Fate broke up in 1985, King Diamond, along with Michael Denner and Timi Hansen, formed	formed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Lorrainer question was concluded with the birth of a son to Charles V in 1679, ending Cosimo's	's	PART	dream	NOUN	 dream
Despite the statement, rumors of a move to Arsenal continued to surface with negotiations reportedly having been ongoing throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
A few kilometers before Bordeaux, Trousselier caught up with the rest, and even managed to win the sprint	sprint	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As of 2008, the International Shark Attack File lists 27 attacks attributable to this species, 4 of them	them	PRON	unprovoked	ADJ	 unprovoked
Nearby highways include Farm to Market Road 1880 and Farm to Market Road 1529. Cooper, as well as	as	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
Similarly, pineapple and citrus fruits such as lemons, limes, oranges, consumed by sailors to ward off	off	ADP	scurvy	NOUN	 scurvy
Every turn, units, which consist of ground, sea and air units, can move across the different	different	ADJ	types	NOUN	 types
The columns were featured in a 2003 article by the Getty Conservation Institute called " The Conservation of Outdoor Contemporary	Contemporary	PROPN	Murals	PROPN	 Murals
The train was rebuilt and re entered revenue service soon afterward, but the accident strengthened the desire of locomotive	locomotive	ADJ	designers	NOUN	 designers
Even though all military activities ceased by 6 August, stories of atrocities committed by the Assyrians at Dirabun and	and	CCONJ	rumours	VERB	 rumours
In this episode, Enterprise attempts to avert a war, and is caught in a crossfire between Vulcan and	and	CCONJ	Andorian	ADJ	 Andorian
In 1977, Carl Woese, a microbiologist studying the genetic sequencing of organisms, developed a new sequencing method	method	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Their problems still not behind them, the group was signed to Geffen Records and began working on a comeback	comeback	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Upon entering the ring, Carey stood unopposed for more than half a minute, but after the next entrant	entrant	ADJ	Kane	PROPN	 Kane
Acting brigade commander again during the Second Battle of Bullecourt in May, Mackay was mentioned in despatches for the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
Though he had formally retired as a teacher to join the Daily Governance Body, from the 1960s Soeman was	was	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
Although she was assigned to the Home Fleet, the ship was detached as part of the Mediterranean Fleet to	to	PART	enforce	VERB	 enforce
A large family, it also included a " Granby Elephant " weight influenced by Gill Kayo. Another similar	similar	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
The staff planned on switching it to a format that would emphasize comedy more than the game and feature a	a	DET	host	NOUN	 host
The ship was powered by a pair of vertical triple expansion engines each driving a screw propeller. The engines	engines	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The Yukon Quest's rules allow race officials latitude on whether to assess a time penalty or monetary fine on	on	ADP	mushers	NOUN	 mushers
Located on the banks of the Mississippi River on the second Chickasaw Bluff, the topology of Randolph provided for	for	ADP	an	DET	 an
This had largely disappeared until a new garden was laid out by garden designer Gertrude Jekyll (1843 — 1932	1932	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
There was much discussion among members about the appropriateness of using the expression " cleared the neighbourhood " instead of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 728 a large scale uprising, coupled with a Turgesh invasion, led to the abandonment of most of	of	ADP	Transoxiana	PROPN	 Transoxiana
He underwent surgery with Dr. Lloyd Youngblood to repair them approximately a week later. Following the surgery, Helms	Helms	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres from 2009 through 2011,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
She worked with the concept, however, expanding the storyline with elements of war, politics, revenge,	,	PUNCT	doomed	ADJ	 doomed
The ships took part in the Battle of Elli, the first Ottoman surface action involving major warships since the	the	DET	Russo	PROPN	 Russo
While the classic Western dichotomy of men associated with exteriors and women with interiors is apparent, so too is	is	AUX	Brandon	PROPN	 Brandon
" Despite the general praise for the episode, however, the two slightly criticized the ending, calling the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
Victor Ochen, founder and director of Ugandan rehabilitation NGO Ayinet, said that campaign " to promote [Kony	Kony	X	]	PUNCT	]
The ships were also armed with eight deck mounted torpedo tubes and approximately 60 mines. The ships were to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
The color of the sputum or nasal secretion may vary from clear to yellow to green and does not indicate	indicate	VERB	the	DET	 the
Above the JCR are three floors of new student rooms. The two rooms of the old JCR, each	each	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The next trunkline to be designated M 39 was Schaefer Highway in 1939, running north – south from US	US	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
In 1929, he played for the " Magallanes " a team in Venezuela where he played as a pitcher	pitcher	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Several elements of this coda appear in the officially released " Revolution 9 ". Throughout the body of that	that	DET	song	NOUN	 song
She reasoned that her father, in his mid fifties and not particularly robust, had been killed immediately after	after	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Dalton returned to complete the tour and ex – Pretty Things keyboardist Gordon John Edwards joined the band. In	In	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
A posse led by Captain Williams found Bill Bunton at his Cottonwood Ranch on the Ruby River and hanged him	him	PRON	on	ADP	 on
According to the Victoria Cross citation, he brought in " many more wounded men " throughout the day under	under	ADP	similarly	ADV	 similarly
Scott Adsit as Pete Hornberger is the " sane ", quick witted producer of TGS, who often reveals	reveals	VERB	embarrassing	ADJ	 embarrassing
Virginia Tech's turnaround from a 2 – 8 – 1 season in 1992 was the largest single season turnaround	turnaround	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Airbus A319 aircraft have a full economy 144 seat configuration. Air India serves meals on all international flights and	and	CCONJ	domestic	ADJ	 domestic
In October 2010, Lindelof submitted his rewritten screenplay to Fox. Scott had initially requested a $250 million	million	NUM	budget	NOUN	 budget
The tropical wave continued to move rapidly to the west northwest, until it reached the western Caribbean Sea.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
When the 2014 Setanta Sports Cup was confirmed in December 2013, the club opted not to enter the competition	competition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The total length of Highway 3 is 259.2 km (161.1 mi), consisting of 50.2 km (31.2	31.2	NUM	mi	NOUN	 mi
On weekdays, express service to St. George is provided between 6: 15 a.m. and 8: 15 a.m.	a.m.	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She died when her carriage crashed against a tree as she approached the house for the first time. Crain	Crain	PROPN	remarried	VERB	 remarried
Parsons ' sentence was decided by a jury. Parsons said that he was defending himself with a four inch	inch	NOUN	knife	NOUN	 knife
" Bill Drummond and Jimmy Cauty were responsible for the concept and production of 1987, its lyrics and the	the	DET	TR	PROPN	 TR
In 2012 it was released again on vinyl by AMS Records (Italy). Tenebrae had a wide theatrical	theatrical	ADJ	release	NOUN	 release
Another tale says after Surpanaka's destruction, Shiva wishes to see Mohini and mesmerized by her looks, has	has	VERB	union	NOUN	 union
The Simpsons creator Matt Groening said of the guest appearance: " We were so excited that we got Ringo	Ringo	PROPN	Starr	PROPN	 Starr
He said he wanted to be a hero like the comic characters. As a child, he was accustomed	accustomed	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
With London's churchyards and burial grounds no longer used for new burials, in 1858 it was decided to	to	PART	convert	VERB	 convert
Tatanka came out and attacked Diesel, which resulted in Diesel retaining the championship via disqualification. Tatanka, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
A three part series, Halo: Initiation was released August 2013 with Brian Reed returning as writer. Also	Also	ADV	announced	VERB	 announced
Her work was mainly with poor women, many of whom lived in unsanitary conditions and had inadequate diets.	.	PUNCT	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
The flotilla's second success was the night of 19 / 20 December 1941, again in the North Sea	Sea	PROPN	off	ADP	 off
A writer for the BBC said that he lives " like there's no tomorrow ", and makes decisions	decisions	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
The military also published a magazine, Flugsport (Flight Sport), to encourage an interest in aviation and	and	CCONJ	began	VERB	 began
This period also saw considerable restoration of existing houses. During the First World War the government became increasingly aware	aware	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
At 8: 30 pm he called the Clermont to check on a reservation for dinner with Greville Howard and	and	CCONJ	friends	NOUN	 friends
To implement this plan, a new government agency, the National Institute of Agrarian Reform (INRA),	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The individual could also have them trimmed to reflect his militia un it, his Non commissioned officer status,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
On 30 April, Roger Bigod marched into Westminster in the middle of the King's parliament, backed by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The road travels eastward until reaching Livingston County and the village of Caledonia. NY 5 heads southeast from the	the	DET	village	NOUN	 village
In Game 1, Herb Pennock pitched the Yanks to a 2 – 1 win over the Cards. In	In	ADP	Game	PROPN	 Game
He later said in 1975, " When I took my obligation as a master mason — incidentally, with	with	ADP	my	PRON	 my
The Ottonian rulers (919 – 1024) consolidated several major duchies and the German king Otto I was crowned	crowned	VERB	Holy	PROPN	 Holy
Carey also featured the song as the ninth in the setlist for her 2015 Las Vegas residency, Mariah Carey	Carey	PROPN	Number	PROPN	 Number
Halsey, in his comments on Wright's report, placed much of the blame for the defeat on Cole	Cole	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His retirement was marred by family tragedies. His son James was dismissed from the Army in 1947 for conduct	conduct	NOUN	unbecoming	VERB	 unbecoming
Shrewsbury Town's achievements include winning the Welsh Cup six times, a record for an English club, a	a	DET	10	NUM	 10
He managed to inform Lyautey and Henrys of the situation by telegraph before the town came under siege from the	the	DET	Zaians	PROPN	 Zaians
The five were members in one of the school's two bands; Phillips and Rutherford were in The Anon	Anon	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
In reality Walter fitz Alan was the son of Alan fitz Flaad, a Breton knight. Unlike his sources	sources	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sonic, Tails, Amy and Knuckles use their Chaos Emerald to track down the other six. They infiltrate	infiltrate	VERB	Eggman	PROPN	 Eggman
The waters, however, had little effect, and James II died of a seizure on 16 September 1701	1701	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Buddhist temple Pushparamaya Vihara is a post 19th century CE addition. The Ganesha temple, located to the	the	DET	south	ADJ	 south
… The First Amendment, which the Fourteenth makes applicable to the states, declares that ' Congress shall make	make	VERB	no	DET	 no
The 4th Light Horse Brigade had been detached to various escort and guard duties. The 4th Light Horse Regiment	Regiment	PROPN	served	VERB	 served
From the pound down to the scruple, the English apothecaries ' system was a subset of the Roman weight	weight	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
" In the track's first draft, the drum parts and chord progression were developed first. Holy Ghost	Ghost	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
She also appeared on American television programs such as The Rosie O'Donnell Show, Sessions at West 54th and received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Spice Up Your Life " had its premiere in the UK on 27 September 1997, on the BBC	BBC	PROPN	's	PART	's
Hamilton then received two letters on December 15, 1791, one from both Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
It is unclear whether these people are best treated with penicillamine or zinc acetate. Physiotherapy and occupational therapy are	are	AUX	beneficial	ADJ	 beneficial
The school was founded in 1906 to promote the progressive educational theories developed by John Dewey and other turn of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, while they are speaking, a group of troublemakers appear and shoot paintballs at Veronica and the married	married	ADJ	couple	NOUN	 couple
Dried fungal spores of a Metarhizium species sprayed in breeding areas pierce the locust exoskeleton on germination and invade the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
One such demo became a song for two bands, recorded as " Footsteps " by Pearl Jam and "	"	PUNCT	Times	PROPN	 Times
After they made Carrier dig his own grave, they fatally shot him. On January 6, white train	train	NOUN	conductors	NOUN	 conductors
During the peak of the storm, police officials advised citizens to remain indoors away from harm, though there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
She quickly quipped " At least it's a fruit pie. " An image of her covered with the	the	DET	pastry	NOUN	 pastry
Hypertension can also be caused by endocrine conditions, such as Cushing's syndrome, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, acromegaly	acromegaly	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At a later stage, Livezeanu remarks, Tzara reinterpreted Dada and Surrealism as revolutionary currents, and presented them	them	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Upon reaching peak strength, forecasters at the National Hurricane Center predicted Hurricane Sergio to intensify further to reach winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
New manager Jack Barker lasted just eight months until he was replaced by former Leeds United player Jack Milburn upon	upon	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Delgrego charged Yoshi's Island with perfecting the genre, calling it " perhaps the greatest platformer of all time	time	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
On March 2, 2014, its 101st day of release, it surpassed the $1 billion mark,	,	PUNCT	becoming	VERB	 becoming
The roof of the square shaped structure is constructed of both metal and tile. Stone is used for architectural	architectural	ADJ	accents	NOUN	 accents
These objects are known as brown dwarfs and represent the lower end of the stellar mass scale. Stars that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Four of the final six test firings were of the two stage vehicle; these were considered completely successful,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Sierra Leone	Leone	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
She goes to Rita's house and drugs the babysitter in order to abduct the children. When Dexter realizes	realizes	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On August 7, a tropical depression formed from a tropical wave a few hundred miles south of Baja California	California	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Jonathan Keefe of Slant felt nobody else could sell the song's " ginormous chorus " better than Clarkson	Clarkson	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This complicates the task of compensating for leans induced by the environment. Examination of the eigenvalues for bicycles with	with	ADP	common	ADJ	 common
Both players earned first team Detroit Free Press All State honors. However, a poll of 14 experts selected	selected	VERB	Bettis	PROPN	 Bettis
Constructively, Timbaland and his team, including Jim Beanz, Raphael Saadiq, and others, compose the series	series	NOUN	'	PART	 '
" Helping Hand ", along with the eight episode's from Body of Proof's first season, were	were	AUX	released	VERB	 released
The third instalment of the Banjo Kazooie series, it was released for the Xbox 360 worldwide in November 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Evans also clashed with Henry Grady, a judge from North Carolina who served in the Klan from 1922 to	to	ADP	1927	NUM	 1927
The first issue of Amazing Stories Quarterly contained a reprint of H. G. Wells ' novel When the Sleeper Wakes	Wakes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Aramaic became the common language in the north, in Galilee and Samaria. Hebrew remained in use in Judah	Judah	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
While students at the class usually worked from a single model, Etty would occasionally arrange for " a Treat	Treat	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
These works were known as the Eastern Parkway. These plans were then given the go ahead in a report	report	NOUN	tabled	VERB	 tabled
It stems from the 1966 Miranda v. Arizona case, and is based primarily on the Fifth Amendment right against	against	ADP	self	NOUN	 self
Kahne was delighted with his victory and thanked the people who worked on his car's transmission and rear end	end	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Saint Joan (1923) drew widespread praise both for Shaw and for Sybil Thorndike, for whom he wrote	wrote	VERB	the	DET	 the
It served as the terminus of the 1,067 mm (3 ft 6 in) gauge Flekkefjord Line from 1904	1904	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Management attacks Scudder, leading to Ben killing Management to protect him. Scudder flees and moments later, escaped	escaped	VERB	convict	ADJ	 convict
During his years at graduate school in the late 1940s, Murray Rothbard considered whether a strict laissez faire policy	policy	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Its remnants later crossed the International Dateline and dissipated over the Gulf of Alaska on December 10. Ophelia devastated	devastated	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
It was not until 1261 that Henry was able to move against the opposition. Receiving a papal annulment of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She received $5,571 in 2009 / 10 and $10,000 in 2012 / 13. Crispin's first national	national	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
Wilco made the EP available online for free to previous purchasers of Sky Blue Sky. Frustrated by the lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The episode originally aired on NBC on September 27, 2012. The episode guest stars David Denman as Roy	Roy	PROPN	Anderson	PROPN	 Anderson
" The dogs of the Place are trained and commanded to control any violent outbursts against the Place's occupants	occupants	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
A daily goods train took up to 3 hours 40 minutes for the 39 miles (63 km),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
These behavioral traits are thought to be products of environment as opposed to genetics. However, it is also	also	ADV	theorized	VERB	 theorized
They found a coded address book and copies of letters to and from Mengele. Among the papers was a	a	DET	letter	NOUN	 letter
Using Dubai as a setting allowed them to incorporate sand as part of the game's key mechanics. Davis	Davis	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
The company acquired the Burton Brewery Company in 1915. On Manners ' death in 1915, control of the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
" As it flickers to life and slowly ascends to its original place in the rafters, the audience is	is	AUX	transported	VERB	 transported
Nancy decides the only way to end this is to pull Krueger out of their dreams and kill him in	in	ADP	reality	NOUN	 reality
In 1968, he objected to a description of Middle earth as " Nordic ", a term he said	said	VERB	he	PRON	 he
He gave it back to the XIII year Assembly, with instructions to build primary schools at Tarija, Jujuy	Jujuy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Illinois scored first midway through the first quarter with a 3 yard TD run by Arrelious Benn. Michigan tied	tied	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The DVD was released on March 9, 2004 in widescreen and fullscreen editions, on a double sided disc	disc	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Caprica Six and Boomer are next shown conversing with Number Three. While the three move up a stairwell,	,	PUNCT	explosives	NOUN	 explosives
As of April 2007, great white sharks were fully protected within 370 kilometers (230 mi) of New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
Despite his lack of formal education, Sadler read many books about history as a child and became a skilled	skilled	ADJ	public	ADJ	 public
In 1958, the highway was extended to its modern western terminus at Beardsley by replacing another trunk highway.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
All six legs are attached to the mesosoma (" thorax ") and terminate in a hooked claw.	.	PUNCT	Only	ADV	 Only
Moore could not remember his words at the " Eagle has landed " moment, and the BBC has lost	lost	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Given the predominantly British heritage of most Australians at the time, there was considerable support from all corners	corners	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In October 2000, Regan Tamanui founded The Melbourne Stuckists in Melbourne, the fourth Stuckist group to be started	started	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The 13th was chosen to participate, along with the 17th, 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions and the British	British	ADJ	6th	NOUN	 6th
The city is home to the main headquarters of the national broadcaster Radio Television Serbia (RTS), which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Bouck distributed them among the foxholes to help reload magazines and reinforce their position. The German infantry deployed and	and	CCONJ	about	ADP	 about
The centralized New York City government is responsible for public education, correctional institutions, libraries, public safety,	,	PUNCT	recreational	ADJ	 recreational
This route was shorter and more practical for artillery, but the trees restricted visibility in all directions, meaning	meaning	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Italian fleet commander, Admiral Carlo Pellion di Persano, initially adopted a cautious course of action; he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Chris Owens had previously portrayed the Cigarette Smoking Man in the episodes, " Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man	Man	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The album was certified platinum in Canada. By 2003 it had sold 120,000 units in Canada, 330,000 in	in	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
Like many scientists, Tizard was sceptical of the likelihood of an atomic bomb being developed, reckoning the odds	odds	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
One 1980s mural remains on one of the platforms. The Central line platform works were substantially complete and a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
O'Rourke invited Glenn Kotche, a drummer who played in a similar musical style, to the practice session.	.	PUNCT	Tweedy	NOUN	 Tweedy
" According to one publication, a star would know they would finally " made it " when they received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
That route originally included the Col d'Izoard, a climb in France which has been featured in the Tour de	de	PROPN	France	PROPN	 France
These are presented from a first person perspective, with the player being able to move between different pre determined	determined	ADJ	positions	NOUN	 positions
Second World War: South West Pacific 1943 – 45, Liberation of Australian New Guinea, Tambu Bay,	,	PUNCT	Sio	PROPN	 Sio
" From there, the listener was " free to discover his or her own connotative meanings, including perhaps	perhaps	ADV	some	PRON	 some
The 18yr Nadurra earned a double gold medal at the 2010 San Francisco World Spirits Competition and a score of	of	ADP	94	NUM	 94
Sharon Turner's History of the Anglo Saxons, first published between 1799 and 1805, played a crucial role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The singer wore a black tuxedo and a top hat to the premiere, the ensemble being a tribute to	to	PART	actress	VERB	 actress
With this role, he was able to direct funding to Oregon and research related projects. Several Oregon institutions	institutions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
And then Godsmack will be back, and we will come back bigger and badder than ever. " In	In	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The car's aerodynamics were completed by former Brabham, Fondmetal and Astauto employee Hans Fouche using wind tunnels in	in	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
" In addition, an explanation for Chobits's plot was given by Igarashi who stated: " Back then	then	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Fifteen hundred jobs would have been created during the station's construction, and more than 200 full time jobs	jobs	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The sport also exacerbated tensions at the beginning of the Yugoslav Wars of the 1990s, when a match between	between	ADP	Dinamo	PROPN	 Dinamo
The song was written by Noel Gallagher and produced by Oasis. It was released on 17 May 2002 as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the defensive side, the Bears looked to contain Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III and the read option.	.	PUNCT	Additionally	ADV	 Additionally
Mirkin said of the Westworld parody: " Again, to show you what a collaboration this is, we	we	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Alexandrov's music was chosen as the new anthem by the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin after a contest in 1943	1943	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Along the south of the bailey are the remains of St Peter's, a former 14th century chapel,	,	PUNCT	approximately	ADV	 approximately
The District of Columbia faced a deadline for September 30, 2015, to use eminent domain to acquire the	the	DET	Akridge	PROPN	 Akridge
However, in Safford Unified School District v. Redding (2009), the Court ruled that school officials violated	violated	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Turgesh realm collapsed in civil war, leaving the Muslims without a serious opponent in the region. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rob Corddry plays Moses Taylor, the star of the fictional TV show " Frank Wrench " and a noted	noted	VERB	gun	NOUN	 gun
" Gordon Moran reviewed the book for the Journal of Information Ethics, writing, " In this book,	,	PUNCT	Prof.	PROPN	 Prof.
It originated due to the resemblance of his last name to the English word " butcher ". Bouchard was	was	AUX	determined	VERB	 determined
In 1991, a local land trust purchased the 12 mile (19 km) section of the former rail	rail	NOUN	corridor	NOUN	 corridor
Donkey Kong Jr. Math had a poor reception from IGN, with Lucas M. Thomas finding its controls poor and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Currently, Aberdeen have a minor rivalry with Inverness Caley Thistle, due to the fact both Aberdeen and Inverness	Inverness	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
The film was shown in Tennessee, Ohio, Washington, and Pennsylvania. An advertisement in Indiana lists "	"	PUNCT	St.	PROPN	 St.
Homer can only save one raft, and he saves the one containing his family. As Mr. Burns and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Following this, she underwent a year of training exercises between Norfolk and the Caribbean, where she was during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
John then travels into Hell to try to rescue her soul, with the assistance of Rosacarnis ' father,	,	PUNCT	Nergal	PROPN	 Nergal
The regiment spent the summer of 1780 at King's Ferry, New York. Regimental orderly books show that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The Chief Minister's office was also in touch with other rioters Tanmay Mehta, Sanjay Bhavsar and Anil Mukim	Mukim	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Another change is the folding blade mechanism to stow the helicopters in confined spaces; the rotor blades also have	have	VERB	anti	ADJ	 anti
Other sources state that the attack began around 11: 30. The house and its immediate environs were defended	defended	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In the United Kingdom, " Dance in the Dark " debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 89	89	NUM	on	ADP	 on
It has additional responsibility for planning and administering scholarships provided by the Government of Singapore. Shelley was involved in	in	ADP	interviewing	VERB	 interviewing
Although he had played for eight different clubs, playing his fewest number of games (four) for Millwall	Millwall	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
... Then King [Géza] sent messengers to King [Solomon] with letters setting forth the terms of	of	ADP	peace	NOUN	 peace
She received frequent promotions during the following years, " working hard and learning the industry inside out ".	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Michael Ealy as Sergeant Bishop Cummings: One of the four soldiers, a womanizer and card player. The	The	DET	character	NOUN	 character
While participating on the 14 and under USA Baseball team, he played games in Venezuela. At Chaparral High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
In August 2013, questioned about the sales performance of the Windows version of the game, Boon tweeted that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Within hours of moving inland, the system turned to the southwest and moved back over water the following morning	morning	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He dropped out of the indie film While We're Young to star in Oz the Great and Powerful,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The college was created in August 2013 from the merger of Adam Smith College, Fife and Carnegie College,	,	PUNCT	Dunfermline	PROPN	 Dunfermline
In June 1775, the British seized Bunker and Breed's Hills, but their casualties were heavy and their	their	PRON	gains	NOUN	 gains
Anne later hears that Wentworth thought her so altered that he " would not have known [her] again	again	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
As the town spread, the area around the landing site became populated by settlers, and visiting Maori relied	relied	VERB	on	ADP	 on
With these additional forces, and the pending onset of winter, Washington had to face the problem of supplying	supplying	VERB	his	PRON	 his
War memorials, other than on the site of a battle, were relatively unusual until the 19th century,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Each had mixed feelings about whether there would be a series commission after the poor reception of the pilot;	;	PUNCT	Ripley	PROPN	 Ripley
The Civil Aviation Authority Regulation Safety Group is in the Aviation House in Gatwick Airport in Crawley. Crawley's	's	PART	early	ADJ	 early
Several variations of the design were submitted, including a yellow jacket design. The yellow jacket was not submitted	submitted	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
The defences, Partridge and Jenkyns for Small Heath and the Villa backs in particular, had the best of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wallace claimed that because of a typographical error, subsequent references were to " All Blacks ". This account	account	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He lived in Money, Mississippi, a small town in the Delta that consisted of three stores, a	a	DET	school	NOUN	 school
He also created many war cemeteries in Belgium and northern France for the Imperial War Graves Commission. After working	working	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
On February 18, 1982, Anthony Mirra, the soldier who first " discovered " Pistone, was assassinated	assassinated	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Thus, he was able to join the team following the completion of the fall 2010 semester. The team	team	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
He was given his paternal grandfather's first name and his paternal grandmother's last name. John's father	father	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Morgan collaborated with her early mentor and teacher Maybeck on plans for an eight story Bavarian Gothic style castle with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
In 1989, he joined forces with fellow Merseysiders Gerry Marsden and Holly Johnson to record an updated version of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
" The music popularized the notion of variability — the idea that music can change in accordance with the ongoing	ongoing	ADJ	narrative	NOUN	 narrative
However, the study noted that the tracks were within the ranges of size and shape expected for Acrocanthosaurus.	.	PUNCT	Because	SCONJ	 Because
He wants to know the theory behind what he's doing. " Tarwater won the 2005 NCAA championship in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Zuel reviewed two of Powderfinger's more recent albums, he described Vulture Street as " a rawer, louder	louder	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
During this time, it maintained good relations with the Nedić administration. While guarding facilities, members of the	the	DET	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
" Reimer's strong performance was recognized by the league when he was named the NHL's Rookie of the	the	DET	Month	PROPN	 Month
Comparing Richards to Lemon, Bannister said, " He'd post the lineups 10 minutes before the game,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Steven Travers, in his history of the Raiders, noted: That Sunday evening at 7: 00 p.m.	p.m.	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Field focused on the meaning of the subject to the jurisdiction thereof phrase of the Citizenship Clause, held that	that	SCONJ	Look	PROPN	 Look
Possibly alerted by allied air and road movements, the communists seemed to be avoiding open combat. Late on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2012, singer Ericka Lee filed a lawsuit against Drake for the usage of her voice on " Marvins	Marvins	PROPN	Room	PROPN	 Room
Approximately 7,000 to 8,000 people protested in about 100 cities worldwide. The protests took place in locations in Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Richard appears to have started to recognise John as his heir presumptive in the final years before his death,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
, which was designed to introduce audiences to the symphony orchestra. In 1994 he directed the " Solti Orchestral	Orchestral	PROPN	Project	PROPN	 Project
Although one of the poorer major network ratings of the night, it constituted a slight increase over the previous	previous	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
Kaplan characterises the sentence as Elizabeth's " most important ", and believes its deletion " violates not only	only	ADV	the	DET	 the
In the North Pacific, it ranges from 20° N to 23° N latitude in the winter,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
For women who subscribed to this philosophy — dubbing themselves lesbian feminists — lesbian was a term chosen by women	women	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Housing damage was estimated at P1.2 billion (PHP, $22 million USD), most of which in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Digital Spy editor Nick Levine gave the single a four out of five stars rating, writing that " on	on	ADP	first	ADJ	 first
I really enjoyed having something... that I had wanted and gone out and taken. " Possession proved to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The road then turns eastward on Avoca Road near Tackaberry Airport and heads toward Avoca. The trunkline continues in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
The session took place at Electric Lady Studios, the recording studio originally built by influential rock musician Jimi Hendrix	Hendrix	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Released three weeks later with DuBois and Powell as producers, Diamond Rio was met with positive critical reception from	from	ADP	critics	NOUN	 critics
However, the portion between NY 362 and NY 19 was in the process of being built. NY 78	78	NUM	's	PART	's
Among living Triaenops species, it is smaller than T. persicus and T. afer, but somewhat larger than T.	T.	PROPN	parvus	NOUN	 parvus
Grayling, small heath and common blue butterflies can be found in the dunes, where there is also a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
Their best away win was on 22 October 1921, when they beat Durham City 7 – 3 in the	the	DET	Third	PROPN	 Third
" The record figured in several publications ' end of year best album lists for 2008 — notably, at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
The personal rivalry between McClernand and Grant continued after Vicksburg, until Grant removed McClernand from command when he contravened	contravened	VERB	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
Critics noted that both videos were filmed in the United Kingdom and caused controversy there, both contain scenes of	of	ADP	sex	NOUN	 sex
The Book of the Dead first developed in Thebes towards the beginning of the Second Intermediate Period, around 1700	1700	NUM	BCE	PROPN	 BCE
Catherine and Frederick declared their support for the szlachta and their " liberties ", and by October 1767 Russian	Russian	ADJ	troops	NOUN	 troops
The sprint was won by Dan Martin, putting him just one second off the overall podium. After another	another	DET	50	NUM	 50
In the storyline's conclusion, an alternate timeline is created where Ianto did not die in the events of	of	ADP	Children	NOUN	 Children
Another public library named " Ling Zi Ming Cultural centre " (林子明文化館) was established by the local Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	community	NOUN	 community
South of Jackson Lake Dam, the Signal Mountain Lodge is managed by Forever Resorts and provides cabins, a	a	DET	marina	NOUN	 marina
The two carriers departed Gibraltar on 4 June and flew off 44 of the 48 fighters. Furious returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
When scale permits, Geographic maps show the alternative name East Sea in parentheses after Sea of Japan. "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Courage did not run their car again, whilst Pescarolo's Boullion and Lagorce took third at the 2 Hours	Hours	NOUN	30	NUM	 30
The British fleet did not lose a single ship, but the cost of the victory was severe: Lord	Lord	PROPN	Nelson	PROPN	 Nelson
" Q called the album " a barrelling, hugely confident record that should see Fall Out Boy swiftly elevated	elevated	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Some criticism was leveled on composer Nobuo Uematsu who reused some tracks from past iterations of the series. Still	Still	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
... For a new body plan — a new phylum — to spring into existence, what actually has to	to	PART	happen	VERB	 happen
The new county road was redesignated County Route 10A (CR 10A). NY 319 began at an intersection	intersection	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The World Bank Treasury is the division of the IBRD that manages the Bank's debt portfolio of over $	$	SYM	100	NUM	100
It is not clear if this was planned or if he had simply had enough. Jardine never provided an	an	DET	explanation	NOUN	 explanation
District Judge Lloyd Francis MacMahon wrote: " Misled into an initial interest, a potential Steinway buyer may satisfy	satisfy	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
The new owner, Sir George Mainwaring, sold the property on again in 1620, via a consortium of	of	ADP	investors	NOUN	 investors
Generally, they should be drowned, but the law code allowed for, in particularly severe cases, that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The group split up in 1995 after a final farewell tour of Australia. Rumours of a falling out among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
He returned to geology while continuing to pursue jazz as an avocation. Around 1975 he began working on his	his	PRON	doctoral	ADJ	 doctoral
Although the territorial gains produced by his defeat of the Persians were lost to the advance of the Muslims,	,	PUNCT	Heraclius	PROPN	 Heraclius
In her review for Hindustan Times, Sweta Kaushal wrote that director Ravi Kumar " should be congratulated for picking	picking	VERB	a	DET	 a
You want people to be a little bit off balance afterwards, " he said. In February 2011,	,	PUNCT	FX	PROPN	 FX
It makes wild Cucurbita and most ornamental gourds, with the exception of an occasional C. fraterna and C. sororia	sororia	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the 2012 season, Kevin Youkilis, who the Red Sox traded to the Chicago White Sox earlier in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Galileo mission, launched in 1989, provided the bulk of current data on Europa. No spacecraft has	has	AUX	yet	ADV	 yet
Ford Road ends at Wyoming Avenue. M 153 turns south along Wyoming Avenue to cross I 94 at exit	exit	NOUN	210	NUM	 210
Concept art and a separate level was created for this section, but it never materialised into the game.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He has studied at Northern Michigan University. As a high school senior at the 2009 Illinois High School Association	Association	PROPN	Class	PROPN	 Class
One week before Greed's release the New York State Motion Picture Committee (which censored films) demanded several	several	ADJ	more	ADJ	 more
The collection focuses exclusively on architecture, art, design, and history of the Western World from 1885 to	to	ADP	1945	NUM	 1945
She spoke highly of the remix, complimenting Puffy and O.D.B, " He's so known in the street	street	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Slashdot uses a system of " tags " where users can categorize a story to group them together and sorting	sorting	VERB	them	PRON	 them
To add to the confusion, some authors call these " active " devices, since they can amplify.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
If it met with his approval, I would do the film; and if it didn't, I	I	PRON	would	AUX	 would
In September 2015, in the context of the European migrant crisis, Labour Party leadership candidate Yvette Cooper called	called	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Kasey Kahne clinched his eighteenth career pole position, with a time of 38.465. After his qualifying run,	,	PUNCT	Kahne	PROPN	 Kahne
She failed to encounter any vessels, however, and returned to Wilhelmshaven, arriving there on 4 May.	.	PUNCT	U	NOUN	 U
For example, one scenario the player is presented with is to either pull a valve and get a spray	spray	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As part of the agreement, Briskin was issued stock options on 10,000 shares of Columbia stock, with a	a	DET	value	NOUN	 value
The family includes his brother, the god of war, Kartikeya, who is also called Skanda and Murugan	Murugan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Salisbury continued using the shortened name anyway. The Rhodesian government, which remained predominantly white, contended that it	it	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Robert Marlowe, a seasoned account veteran, takes Homer under his wing and shows Homer what the high life	life	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Diefenbaker continued to run the provincial party out of his law office, and paid the party's debts from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Azalea later included the song for her sets during the Jingle Ball Tour 2014. In 2015, Azalea performed	performed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
A hunting party led by the Cherokee chief Slave Catcher met the Timberlake expedition near the mouth of the Little	Little	PROPN	Tennessee	PROPN	 Tennessee
It was constructed with Flemish bond brickwork and decorative limestone elements. It was also constructed to minimize noise and	and	CCONJ	ash	NOUN	 ash
" He believes that " music allows a person to express their deepest thoughts, thoughts that can not be	be	AUX	expressed	VERB	 expressed
Josh Duboff from Vanity Fair highlighted the titles of " By the Grace of God " and deluxe edition song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The commanding officer of the 1st Essex reported that the position was well prepared and he was confident of repelling	repelling	VERB	any	DET	 any
In September 2008, Slate published an article which interpreted The Big Lebowski as a political critique. The center	center	NOUN	piece	NOUN	 piece
His military service forms a major element of his public persona as portrayed by Scientologists. The Church of Scientology	Scientology	PROPN	presents	VERB	 presents
The film has reportedly earned over $160 million from promotional tie ins. Viral marketing campaigns for the film	film	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Lady Stanley is seated in the middle with their four surviving sons on her right, five surviving daughters on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Major threats to their survival include the cane toad, predators, urban development, and poison baiting. Conservation	Conservation	NOUN	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
Alessandro Petacchi won the next stage by means of a bunch sprint, while the general classification remained largely unaltered	unaltered	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
" Paul's relationship with his children is often non conventional, however he has a close bond with his	his	PRON	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
The act also gave the Mint Director the authority to suspend production of any denomination if additional coins were not	not	PART	needed	VERB	 needed
All that remains of the buildings contained within the castle are the foundations. If Caernarfon been completed as intended	intended	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The album was released on September 12, 2011 internationally, and on September 13 in the United States.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
With the growth of the Church in the city, issues of safety developed in the 12 de Octubre street	street	NOUN	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
Baseball writer scorers usually worked at the games played at the home stadium of the team which they covered for	for	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Several hours later, Norbert was upgraded to a major hurricane (Category 3 or higher). While maintaining	maintaining	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Since the last order, the tracks had been relaid farther from one another, so the tramway could operate	operate	VERB	2.5	NUM	 2.5
It is the only nocturnal primate found in the northeast Indian states, which include Assam, Arunachal Pradesh,	,	PUNCT	Mizoram	PROPN	 Mizoram
Shooting of the video took place on February 29, 2012, at the desert around the Los Angeles area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Instead of tightening them to reduce the recoil upon firing, he loosened them so that both guns struck the	the	DET	back	NOUN	 back
The dossier, finalised for the group's trip to Lebanon in mid December, contained the following: An	An	DET	introduction	NOUN	 introduction
Despite the war with the Western Xia, the Song also settled land disputes with them by referring to prior	prior	ADJ	agreements	NOUN	 agreements
It was written by Adam Levine together with Ryan Tedder and Noel Zancanella who also served as producers of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
George John, 2nd Earl Spencer, who owned Althorp between 1783 and his death in 1834, developed one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The bushbuck, that includes both imbabala (T. sylvaticus) and kéwel, and sitatunga are genetically similar enough	enough	ADV	to	PART	 to
Ship camouflage was occasionally used in ancient times. Vegetius wrote in the 4th century that " Venetian blue "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
(2011). Featuring American rapper Pitbull, it was released by Island Records on February 8, 2011	2011	NUM	as	ADP	 as
A landing in a region southwest of Mare Crisium was also considered, but rejected on the grounds that a	a	DET	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
At the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards, the performance was part of a three way tie for Outstanding Choreography with	with	ADP	a	PRON	 a
In the course of his work abroad, Philip Morris of Television International Enterprises Archives had discovered episodes 1 6	6	NUM	of	ADP	 of
When the Great Depression hit in the 1930s there were no easily available jobs in the US and Canada,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The word schizophrenia — which translates roughly as " splitting of the mind " and comes from the Greek roots	roots	NOUN	schizein	NOUN	 schizein
However, as the last year of the war dawned, the Germans regained some ground in the technology battle	battle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the wintering grounds, Hymenoptera, especially flying ants, are important food items. When egg laying,	,	PUNCT	barn	PROPN	 barn
She ceased fire at 19: 30 to allow the cruisers to close on Scharnhorst. Ten 14 inch shells	shells	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
A hearing was held before the House Committee on Industrial Arts and Expositions two days later, at which Congressman	Congressman	PROPN	Darrow	PROPN	 Darrow
Investigations are much broader in scope than other areas of forensic analysis (where the usual aim is to provide	provide	VERB	answers	NOUN	 answers
That year, he had become involved with the German nationalist sporting association Deutsch Völkischen Turnvereins and was made a	a	DET	leader	NOUN	 leader
It heads north from there, passing through unincorporated Cato before crossing into Garfield County. Approximately 4.5 miles (	(	PUNCT	7.2	NUM	7.2
The trilogy also includes the Ing, antagonists of Echoes, whose warrior forms resemble spiders, albeit with five	five	NUM	legs	NOUN	 legs
I had considered using Japanese anime for the digital art chapter of the book, but it lacked the overwhelming	overwhelming	ADJ	operatic	ADJ	 operatic
Inter Sultanate marriages normalised relations and Ali I (1557 – 1580) joined a confederacy of Sultanates who eventually	eventually	ADV	inflicted	VERB	 inflicted
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 5, 1995. In the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For the new character Hakari Mikagami, Iwamoto used a female saint as the main image for her design,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The city's golf course lies in the park along with camping and outdoor activities. There are over 30	30	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Saint Just was interrupted frequently by bursts of applause and towards the end of his speech he uttered his eerily	eerily	ADV	universal	ADJ	 universal
The boulders of the Midway Crevasse, which the Highland Trail passes through, are Pocono Formation sandstone. The	The	DET	third	NOUN	 third
Radiative emissions from the filament can be correlated with filament temperature. Filaments are SiC fibers with a diameter of	of	ADP	15	NUM	 15
Attempts to reconcile the molecular and fossil evidence have proved controversial, but recent results show that all the extant	extant	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
That year, there were ten senior women's teams, a school based competition and a regional competition established	established	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Shankly summed up the essential criteria for success in football management when he said: " I could speak common	common	ADJ	sense	NOUN	 sense
The road travels through a mainly residential area of the town before intersects NC 39 in the center of town	town	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sometimes you get lost through drug addiction or you break up with up your partner or remission from cancer etc	etc	X	.	PUNCT	.
Netley was founded in 1239 by Peter des Roches, a powerful politician, government official, and Bishop of	of	ADP	Winchester	PROPN	 Winchester
According to estimates by the Institute of National Remembrance (IPN), roughly 320,000 Polish citizens were deported to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Vincent calls him a " happy " person and liked playing this version more because he has been playing the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The music video for the song was released in March 1998. It shows many scenes of Carey laying on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
During her stay off the Okinawa beaches, the ship lost none of her boats and suffered three casualties:	:	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
MTV ranked Metallica the third " Greatest Heavy Metal Band in History ", was listed fifth on VH1's	's	PART	100	NUM	 100
The action and line are good. It took time and practice and effort to get it, but it	it	PRON	's	AUX	's
According to Davis & Le Roux (2009), a group of liberal judges that included Goldstone, Gerald	Gerald	PROPN	Friedman	PROPN	 Friedman
She wrestled under the ring name Head Bitch In Charge (HBIC), and appeared in a cheerleading outfit	outfit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Melee also features tracks composed by Tadashi Ikegami, Shougo Sakai, and Takuto Kitsuta. Brawl features the collaboration	collaboration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A second, smaller cusp, the hypoconulid, is present on the lingual side of the talonid, connected	connected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It is apparent that it prospered from the production of cacao and from the trade routes that crossed the region	region	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Green's influence extended overseas to cartoonists such as the Dutch Peter Pontiac, who drew inspiration from Binky Brown	Brown	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
I felt like I was just like the sheriff, y ' know, and that everyone loved me.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Under the Oslo Peace Accords, Israel undertook to deposit the VAT tax receipts on goods purchased by Palestinians	Palestinians	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
They range from stocky with sturdy limbs in the Anatolian, Balkan and the southern crested newt as well as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
" sign. As Owen Hart entered the steel cage for his championship match with his brother Bret, he	he	PRON	immediately	ADV	 immediately
The construction industry, spurred on by the city's growth, further expanded with the development of Sun City	City	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His concerns fell on deaf ears. Some in the media even interpreted these complaints as whining or malingering,	,	PUNCT	citing	VERB	 citing
first announced in a January 7, 2016 interview with The Boston Globe that an extended play titled Crime Cutz	Cutz	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Khan bought the rights of Aurat from the production company National Studios for ₹ 35,000 (valued at about US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
Woods completed his " Tiger Slam " by winning his fourth straight major championship at the Masters in 2001.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
James Yoshimura, one of the Homicide: Life on the Street writers and supervising producers, first conceived the	the	DET	story	NOUN	 story
Manager Charlie Manuel and general manager Pat Gillick were also named Manager of the Year (distinct from Major League	League	PROPN	Baseball	PROPN	 Baseball
Lindwall and Miller were unable to play in the Fifth Test, and in their absence, the South Africans	Africans	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The only building remaining from the college is a great hall and attached dwelling, dating from the late 15th	15th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Hyperuricemia is defined as a plasma urate level greater than 420 μmol / l (7.0 mg / dl)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" Charness also stated that the film's cinematography " moves the audience perspective along with the dance. "	"	PUNCT	Charness	PROPN	 Charness
The Story of the Kelly Gang (1906), the world's first feature length film, spurred a	a	DET	boom	NOUN	 boom
Mr. Burns - (Boss Character) Waylon Smithers fights on Mr. Burn's behalf while Burns stands outside of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As she waves the pieces, the sand around her stirs. She then lays the two pieces on the	the	DET	sand	NOUN	 sand
China Digital Times offered the interpretation that ' crane ' in Chinese (he) is a homonym for '	'	PUNCT	congratulations	NOUN	 congratulations
Rogen also received favourable reviews. Later that year he played a supporting part as an irresponsible police officer in	in	ADP	Superbad	PROPN	 Superbad
" In a press release, Nickelodeon officially announced the special " event " on October 13, 2009.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
He was accused of speculatively buying 2000 bushels of corn and when his house was attacked, almost all the	the	DET	windows	NOUN	 windows
Although he was hired by the creative crew, New Line did not officially cast Kirzinger until first seeing him	him	PRON	on	ADP	 on
While crawling on the harbor bottom, it became snagged on the wreckage and its crew nearly suffocated before they	they	PRON	managed	VERB	 managed
In addition to Hanneken's report of sizable Japanese forces at Koli Point, Vandegrift's staff also possessed a	a	DET	captured	VERB	 captured
The area was closed to the public when these bases were established. I 80 and US 93 are the	the	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
The single charted on Hot 100 for 25 weeks. " What Goes Around... /... Comes Around "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The period between the 16th and the end of the 18th century was characterized by the existence of self sufficient	sufficient	ADJ	regional	ADJ	 regional
Larwood dismissed him for scores of two and six in the first Test, and fractured a bone in Ponsford	Ponsford	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Hays ' body was recovered from the waters of the North Atlantic by the Minia, and he was	was	AUX	buried	VERB	 buried
Paoli continued to perform around the world with performances in Greece, Palestine, Poland, Egypt, Spain and	and	CCONJ	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
He was proud of the work with insensitive high explosive that made nuclear weapons safer to handle. Support from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two lane connector route travels primarily amidst farmland, passing a small group of trees and a couple of	of	ADP	homes	NOUN	 homes
Meanwhile, third placed Kimi Räikkönen moved to an ambitious strategy that would see him attempt to force Maldonado and	and	CCONJ	Alonso	PROPN	 Alonso
Nevertheless Collins went ahead with the construction of an even larger ship, the SS Adriatic, which, after	after	ADP	a	DET	 a
Most of those with medically serious bites, such as recluse spiders and widow spiders, would rather flee and	and	CCONJ	bite	VERB	 bite
In 1949, Russian microbiologist Nikolai Krasilnikov identified the species of Azotobacter nigricans Krasil ' nikov, 1949 which was	was	AUX	divided	VERB	 divided
In the meantime, Alexios III, who resided in the Blachernae Palace in the city's northwestern corner,	,	PUNCT	rallied	VERB	 rallied
The relationship has been characterised by Keeler as an unromantic relationship without expectations, a " screw of convenience "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
For Hallowe ' en 2014, ezine Den of Geek listed " 31 scary TV episodes that truly terrified us	us	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Amherst went ashore with his party, instructing Maxwell to meet him at Canton once his diplomatic mission was complete	complete	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Bakshi states that Paramount Pictures " bought the idea in ten seconds ". As the sets were being built	built	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The legislation was sent to the House of Councilors on July 28 and was passed on August 9. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Ahead of the 2010 – 11 season, Odubade scored in a pre season friendly against Histon, in a	a	DET	2	NUM	 2
Hill said of her connection to Simone: " Because I fed on this music... I believed I always	always	ADV	had	VERB	 had
From 1984 until 1990, the NED and the AFL – CIO channeled equipment and support worth $4 million	million	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Duque fell from his horse after suffering a wound in his thigh and was almost trampled by his own men	men	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She considered the script " beautifully written " and the character " very touching ", but did not read	read	VERB	the	DET	 the
Jim Abbott of the Orlando Sentinel said that " Musically, songs such as ' Piece of Me, '	'	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
" Rosell ultimately concluded that the reason the episode was a success was due to Mulder and Scully's kiss	kiss	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dances are performed at multicultural festivals. One of the popular traditional dances of the Cook Islands is the Maori	Maori	PROPN	Ura	PROPN	 Ura
Musician Dwight Yoakam was approached for the roles of either the manager or a corrupt cop, but he chose	chose	VERB	instead	ADV	 instead
Jacks and director Stephen Sommers were impressed with the money that George of the Jungle was making at the box	box	PROPN	office	NOUN	 office
The second exercise, held on March 15 [O.S. March 3], ended in disaster when the rear	rear	ADJ	turret	NOUN	 turret
Kajal said in an interview to IANS that her character would become the reason for the transformation in the protagonist	protagonist	NOUN	's	PART	's
UBS also ranked No.1 on the 2010 M & A league tables in Australia, ahead of Macquarie Bank and	and	CCONJ	Goldman	PROPN	 Goldman
Due to his poor eyesight, Polyphemus mistakes Grover for a female Cyclops. He is rescued by his friends	friends	NOUN	Percy	PROPN	 Percy
German sports journalist Gunter Bork specified that the interruption resulting from Chamberlain's 100th point lasted for nine minutes,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
In 1965, the Australian Army's experiment with the Pentropic structure was abandoned and the CMF was once again	again	ADV	reorganised	VERB	 reorganised
These figures exclude the contribution of Airbus UK. After its creation BAE Systems had a difficult relationship with the	the	DET	MoD.	NOUN	 MoD.
Motifs taken from the Aesthetic Movement can be found in both the exterior and the interior of their new wing	wing	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Mulch Diggums – A kleptomaniac dwarf whom the LEP recruits use to gain access to Fowl Manor during the siege	siege	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In April 1912, the Naval Supreme Council accepted the latter design, unless the quadruple turret could be readied	readied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In 1726, Swift sent Motte a copy of Gulliver's Travels to be printed anonymously. Motte took great	great	ADJ	care	NOUN	 care
When caregiver does not respond in a similar manner, child exhibits a series of responses that were first studied	studied	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Patton, observing derelict cars along the side of the road, spoke as the car crossed the railroad track	track	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Their breasts are large and the nipples and areolae can be seen through their thin clothing. The one on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" ELECTRONIC GAMING MONTHLY -Magazine (The 1991 Video Game Buyer's Guide) Rated at 6 out of 10	10	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
When Woolley resigned on July 15 to become director of publicity for the Wilson reelection campaign (a function he	he	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Describing Doggystyle in 1993, Snoop Dogg likewise points to the album's realism, and the extent to which	which	PRON	it	PRON	 it
Located within City 17, the Citadel serves as the primary headquarters of the Combine, housing both Combine Advisors	Advisors	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He made his senior debut and played one match in Serie B during the 1996 – 97 season against Salernitana	Salernitana	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Lippert rightly claimed Hurricanme at 09.15 in Canterbury area (OKL + JFV d. Dt. Lw. 4 /	/	SYM	I	PRON	 I
The ground layer in the cloud forest is rich, and moss and lichen drape the branches of the trees	trees	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This trend continues down to 100 K, below which resistivity rapidly decreases for fresh samples. Resistivity then begins	begins	VERB	to	PART	 to
Indira Gandhi, then Prime Minister of India, presented the five gold medals, along with the Chalvaijayanti trophy	trophy	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The daily strip was short lived, but the Sundays edition lasted three years. From August 1925 until September	September	PROPN	1929	NUM	 1929
He then joined the United States Navy, and while he was stationed in San Francisco, she resumed work	work	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 1945, when Moser was 21 years old and still carrying out active military service, he was captured	captured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Holmes survived. Directly over the target, Bader's Duxford Wing arrived and attacked while the Germans were on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Australian prospector Edward Hargraves, noting similarities between the geography of California and his home country, returned to Australia	Australia	PROPN	to	PART	 to
She described it as " an upbeat song. It's really different, that's why I like it	it	PRON	so	ADV	 so
Groening has also said that he found the premise of Dennis the Menace disappointing and was inspired to create a	a	DET	character	NOUN	 character
Nigel was a witness to Stephen's charter that left England to Matilda's son, Henry of Anjou.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
In one of the tour matches before the Tests, Fingleton scored a defiant 119 *, carrying his bat	bat	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Blacklist has platform specific features, including voice integration with Xbox 360's Kinect peripheral which allows players to distract	distract	VERB	enemies	NOUN	 enemies
In addition to Barker and the regular cast, actor Jeff Bergman, voice actor Chris Cox, actor Michael	Michael	PROPN	Clarke	PROPN	 Clarke
This call is monosyllabic, unlike the house sparrow's chirrup call, and is softer than that of the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Precious received dozens of nominations in award categories, including six Academy Award nominations, not only for the film	film	NOUN	itself	PRON	 itself
Musser and colleagues agreed, but noted that Colombian animals appeared to have larger skulls. The zygomatic plates are	are	AUX	broad	ADJ	 broad
The colliery closed for good in 2005, leading to problems with coastal defence again, threatening the station's	's	PART	coal	NOUN	 coal
In 2000 electric multiple units were put into service with the Class 73 tilting trains, branded as Signatur and	and	CCONJ	capable	ADJ	 capable
In 1261 King Henry III held parliament in the county. In 1295, another parliament was held in St	St	PROPN	Albans	PROPN	 Albans
They stripped paint additions from the mountain peaks, Leo's robe and in the area around Francis's tonsure	tonsure	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite the mirror Enterprise being destroyed in the first installment, during the second episode the standing sets were reused	reused	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Lasseter commended that Chris Buck's latest version was fun and very light hearted, but the characters were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
In January 2007 Siemens announced that the issues had been resolved and that screens would start appearing at 158 stations	stations	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
As they passed The Doves pub, Oxford slowly began to gain, rating marginally higher. Cavenagh pushed on	on	ADP	again	ADV	 again
In 1992 a group of liberal deputies of the Moscow City Council proposed Bukovsky's candidacy for elections of the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
After their defeat, the Social Democratic Party was outlawed entirely. This, in tandem with a continued a	a	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
As of February 2007, 100,000 copies had been shipped in North America, which Capcom's vice president of	of	ADP	marketing	NOUN	 marketing
The road then crosses into the town of Patterson and meets I 84 by way of an interchange. Construction	Construction	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In a press statement early in November 2011, Couric commented that the special's story will amaze viewers and	and	CCONJ	show	VERB	 show
The boilers had an operating pressure of 11.25 kg / cm2 (1,103 kPa; 160 psi) and they	they	PRON	required	VERB	 required
He was replaced in 1962 by his brother, Albert, who was defeated by Siaka Stevens in the 1967	1967	NUM	general	ADJ	 general
Only three contemporary or near contemporary accounts of the games survive. The works of Suetonius and Cassius Dio focus	focus	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Three Fat Man high explosive pre assemblies, designated F31, F32, and F33, were picked up at	at	ADP	Kirtland	PROPN	 Kirtland
The film's animators were never given a screenplay, and were instead told by Bakshi to " Do a	a	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
He may have taken an active part in trying to calm the rebellions in the north in 1068 and 1069	1069	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Henry called for changes to Arsenal's forward line and felt the team would benefit from a " fox in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In particular, he complimented the performances of " Don't Speak ", " Hey Baby " and "	"	PUNCT	Just	ADV	 Just
The plot concerns two villains intent on destroying Washington, D.C.. The player must use the helicopter and occasionally	occasionally	ADV	other	ADJ	 other
At the end of the appeals process, the case was heard by the Supreme Court of India; the	the	DET	court	NOUN	 court
Just as Mercer (Ryan Devlin) (the actual rapist) is about to rape his next victim,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
To alleviate the Mormon population's concerns over religious freedom, Taylor promised they would have relative independence from Congress	Congress	PROPN	despite	SCONJ	 despite
The heavier versions of the Selay heads were worn by actors in the background of the scenes, although Westmore	Westmore	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
1997) Decreased oceanic salinity, due to the influx of fresh water Decreased sea surface temperature estimates off the	the	DET	West	ADJ	 West
The Andriyivskyy Descent also has a number of monuments. One of them is the monument to Yaroslav the Wise	Wise	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The initiative became known for its Stamp Plan, a philatelic programme that raised funds through United Nations member countries	countries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1877, he outlawed the enslavement of the Makoa community. Rainilaiarivony expanded the public education system, declaring	declaring	VERB	school	NOUN	 school
Players on the Xbox 360 can delete individual songs after downloading the pack. Some songs are not transferable because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
The origins of Typhoon Gay were from a tropical disturbance east of the International Date Line along a monsoon trough	trough	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Thank you for coming to our show. The night is young, and the show has just begun.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
) She also admits to having aborted a pregnancy that she claims was the result of the rape; it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
These latter cells are terminal or in short, terminal chains, and are borne on moderately abundant, thin	thin	ADJ	walled	VERB	 walled
By midday, the two squadrons were reduced to one Sherman and three Grants and the commanding officer had been	been	AUX	badly	ADV	 badly
This was confirmed by Roosevelt, as the private shipyards ' bids were seen as unjustly inflated. The contracts	contracts	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Convection continued to diminish, and on March 14 Jokwe weakened to tropical depression status as the center became almost	almost	ADV	fully	ADV	 fully
He is the son of Three Dog Night's Danny Hutton and knew Este socially after she had seen his	his	PRON	old	ADJ	 old
" If we see that Germany is winning we ought to help Russia, and if Russia is winning we	we	PRON	ought	AUX	 ought
The Miami blue was feared to be extinct after Hurricane Andrew in 1992, but a population was found in	in	ADP	1999	NUM	 1999
The mission also received criticism from politicians and anti torture charity groups. The game became subject to widespread online	online	ADJ	debate	NOUN	 debate
, Kendrick and London lost a tag team match to the pair. As a result, they were scheduled	scheduled	VERB	to	PART	 to
Sakura learns that Fei Wang was responsible for scattering her memories and set up the journey to recover them for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
When the Great Central Railway (GCR) from the north of England opened, Quainton Road became a significant	significant	ADJ	junction	NOUN	 junction
According to some press reports he sat up in hospital and asked visitors for their impressions of his ordeal in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The idea for " Homer's Enemy " was first conceived by Oakley, who thought that Homer should	should	AUX	have	VERB	 have
There have historically been elite invite only societies such as the Bullingdon Club. Sports teams, but also other	other	ADJ	societies	NOUN	 societies
; these conflicts are further deepened in the ensuing slow movements. Once these contrasts are resolved at the finale	finale	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Reunited with his daughter, Victor asks the Alchemist Army to turn him into a homunculus and tells them that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
It is sometimes sung without the " Fenian " line but has also been sung in its original form.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
" Titanic was subjected to extreme opposing forces – the flooded bow pulling her down while the air in the	the	DET	stern	NOUN	 stern
All players were allowed to wear the numbers they use in their respective teams. For Team Lidstrom, Henrik	Henrik	PROPN	Sedin	PROPN	 Sedin
It was constructed and renovated between 1882 and 1915 to protect the Russian Empire's western borders, and was	was	AUX	designated	VERB	 designated
Although many intracellular proteins are synthesized in the cytoplasm and membrane bound or secreted proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The act also received support from mining interests because such large purchases would cause the price of silver to rise	rise	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
For the dissent, even if the dismissal was for the wrong reason and harm was suffered, the dismissal	dismissal	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
This has been seen as " a major turning point in the history of the discipline ", allowing archaeologists	archaeologists	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The station building is on the down side. Wadhurst Wadhurst station is 39 miles 23 chains (63.23 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Halas and his coaches, primarily Clark Shaughnessy, invented a rather complex scheme building on the traditional T formation	formation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In May, he finished second to Ronaldo for the FWA Footballer of the Year award. On 4 May	May	PROPN	2008	NUM	 2008
The castle was almost destroyed during the construction of the London and Birmingham Railway in the 1830s. As a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
The route begins at the mouth of Parley's Canyon at the junction of I 80 and heads south through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Production of Valkyrie was then estimated to have a budget of US $80 million, with two thirds to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Chagatai's khan, Qara Hülëgü, had recently died. Alghu fought and killed Abishkha, a rival claimant	claimant	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Tourists could contact the Nevada Commission on Tourism to receive a traveler's kit containing information about the highway,	,	PUNCT	nearby	ADJ	 nearby
Tryon's force forded the Saugatuck River well above Arnold's position. This prompted Arnold and the chasing militia	militia	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In early 1911, Margaret J. Anderson, a wealthy widow, and her son, Stanley S. Anderson,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Males and female plumages are similar in appearance, as is that of the juvenile, for those species for	for	ADP	which	PRON	 which
" It was the second single of the bands Forever 7 album. Also in 2012, American alternative rock	rock	NOUN	band	NOUN	 band
Apple had dropped the term " Power " from the other machines in their lineup, and started using "	"	PUNCT	Pro	NOUN	 Pro
In Japan, the original opening credit sequences were replaced with a montage of action clips from various episodes,	,	PUNCT	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
Ebert called the film " the year's most slashing political commentary ", but also said, " It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
President Barack Obama later said he was " grateful to the Marines who pursued the information that led to Captain	Captain	PROPN	Speicher	PROPN	 Speicher
Lee stated the song was inspired by and talked about her relationship with the band's fans, and the	the	DET	realization	NOUN	 realization
) Thus, about 90% of the observed stars above 0.5 M ☉ will be on the main sequence	sequence	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Leading collectors, including the King, tended to keep nudes, many mythological, in relatively private rooms;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
They were also used in an indirect fire support role, in which they fired over the heads and from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
There have been attempts to provide empirical support for the view that Jewish food laws have an overarching health benefit	benefit	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The rector of St James ' is assisted by associate rectors (it was not until the 1890s that the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
When a Bludger, one of the balls involved in Quidditch, chases after Harry instead of zigzagging toward any	any	DET	player	NOUN	 player
The panorama format consisted of " long strips of paper, on which the individual pages of pictures and text	text	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" According to an MTV News staff report, as of July 2006, more than two thousand people had	had	AUX	signed	VERB	 signed
At Second Bull Run, he concentrated his attention on attacking Jackson while the other Confederate corps attacked his flank	flank	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As such, it was liable to cause a cutaneous erythema in the course of its excretion by the skin	skin	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In an initial deposition, the Embraer flight crew testified that they were cleared to flight level 370, approximately	approximately	ADV	37,000	NUM	 37,000
It first aired in the United States on February 10, 2009 on the Fox network to an estimated 9.83	9.83	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Dikshit praises the aesthetics of the work Śrīsītārāmakelikaumudī saying that it represents all the six Sampradāyas of Indian literature (	(	PUNCT	Rīti	PROPN	Rīti
Australian troops arrived in Greece during March and manned defensive positions in the north of the country alongside British,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
After talking to Sutcliffe one night at the Casbah Coffee Club (owned by Pete Best's mother, Mona	Mona	PROPN	Best	PROPN	 Best
" He noted, " In terms of its mood, ' Love Is Blindness ' had the dark,	,	PUNCT	sensual	ADJ	 sensual
After intense lobbying by Supervisors Milk and Silver, as well as State Assemblyman Willie Brown, Moscone announced on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
This same day, Nelson — who was apparently exhausted and / or sick — was replaced as commander of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This model was the standard Japanese light anti aircraft gun during World War II, but it suffered from severe	severe	ADJ	design	NOUN	 design
Although Rossier failed even to embark on the mission he had been hired to document, he remained in East	East	PROPN	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
On August 25, 2011, Malda resigned as Editor in Chief with immediate effect. He did not mention	mention	VERB	any	DET	 any
Throughout this period, she also championed Percy Shelley's poetry, promoting its publication and quoting it in her	her	PRON	writing	NOUN	 writing
Game Revolution writer Nick Tan enjoyed the game greatly, but admitted that its lack of depth reduced the score	score	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The partitioning powers (in particular, Russia) demanded that the Sejm pass further reforms, with the intent	intent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There are two doctors ' surgeries in Shepton Mallet, a National Health Service community hospital formerly operated by Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	Primary	PROPN	 Primary
The length of the time step chosen within the model is related to the distance between the points on the	the	DET	computational	ADJ	 computational
A bidding process was enacted, multimillion dollar luxury apartment complexes were built in the suburb of Kingston, driving	driving	VERB	property	NOUN	 property
Ewald and a few of his jägers were in the vanguard of Grant's column and engaged the American sentries	sentries	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
As the senior member of the Hamdanid dynasty, he inherited the family power base around Mosul from his father	father	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Polish language books were burned even in the primary schools. Polish teachers were not allowed in the schools,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This particular pattern of expansion into the lands of Poland and then Germany (another, more southern 6th century	century	NOUN	route	NOUN	 route
Later in the same year, he decided to return to Bucharest, but his stay was cut short when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Panorama was an area of chert production while Municipal is associated with the ritual complex of the city. The	The	DET	acropolis	NOUN	 acropolis
The next destination was Tonga where Delahaye collected breadfruit for transport to the Isle de France (now Mauritius)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
If magazine described Ratatoing, a 2007 Brazilian computer graphics cartoon by Vídeo Brinquedo, as a " ripoff "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
At that time, the Yangmacheng tower, the Zhalou sluice tower, the Kuixinglou dipper tower, the Jiaolou	Jiaolou	PROPN	corner	NOUN	 corner
Dew formed on the limestone pieces and collected in a reservoir below ground level. The amount of water obtained	obtained	VERB	varied	ADJ	 varied
After his acquittal, he worked as a logger along the Texas Louisiana border, apparently unhindered by his lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They had previously won the European Cup on four occasions in 1977, 1978, 1981 and 1984. The	The	DET	match	NOUN	 match
Wales contributed more players than any other team to the British and Irish Lions that toured New Zealand that year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 31 May 1941, a joint army and air force memorandum was approved by the Chiefs of Staff and	and	CCONJ	Winston	PROPN	 Winston
With the discovery that the disk of the Andromeda Galaxy (M31) extends much further than previously thought,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In fact, Johnson quit amicably Girlschool in 1999, followed by Lamb in 2000. They were replaced by	by	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
" Redemption Song " draws influence from a speech given by Marcus Garvey in Nova Scotia, 1937. Marley	Marley	PROPN	held	VERB	 held
If the quadratic form takes only non negative (respectively only non positive) values, the symmetric matrix is	is	AUX	called	VERB	 called
After a long battle, Chris and Jill defeat him and broadcast the video, exposing Lansdale. As a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
It garnered a 3.0 / 8 Nielsen rating / share in the 18 – 49 demographic, and received 7.47	7.47	NUM	million	NUM	 million
One gun platform and its equipment was rebuilt in 1997 using money raised by Fort Glanville Historical Association volunteers working	working	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" Digital Spy's Nick Levine also gave Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded four out of five stars,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
If the train passed any large group of homes and did not stop for Bryan to speak, it would	would	AUX	at	ADP	 at
While they waited for the committees to finish their work, the delegates listened to speeches by several prominent Greenbackers	Greenbackers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1987 he had a below average season by his standards, fueling criticism from the New York media,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Some attempted to dissuade potential RNR recruits from signing up, including a black man in Bulawayo who was fined	fined	VERB	£	SYM	 £
" Deane Malott, who became president of Cornell in 1951, was much less sympathetic, and instructed Morrison	Morrison	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Belgium was declared fully liberated in February 1945. In total, 40,690 Belgians, over half of them Jews	Jews	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The episode has been included in three DVD box sets. The first was the Season Two set, released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During the filming of Il bell ' Antonio, her co star Marcello Mastroianni fell in love with her,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Retro Hugos were created in the mid 1990s, and were first awarded in 1996. In 2003,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On 16 June 1992 Guns N ' Roses, supported by Soundgarden and Faith No More, performed at the	the	DET	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
Strupper and team captain Walker Carpenter were the first players from the Deep South selected for an All America first	first	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
By the Mile Post, and despite pushes from Oxford, the Light Blues were about half a length ahead	ahead	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The social environment created by the publicity of the Payne Fund Studies and religious protests reached such a fever pitch	pitch	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
While watching the Dumbass recordings, Doggett notices that Dylan was at each of the stunts and decides to question	question	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The crops grown by the Japanese were not popular with the Brazilians, and the Japanese investors eventually gave up	up	ADP	on	ADP	 on
Many cultivars of the Freeman maple are also grown widely. Below is a partial list of cultivars: '	'	PUNCT	Armstrong	PROPN	 Armstrong
Most teams did not believe him, but the Kansas City Royals, although they were unsure enough that they	they	PRON	waited	VERB	 waited
He went 0 – 3 with a 5.24 ERA in eight starts. His final start of 2004 came on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Mihailović and Ostojić realised that the large concentrations of Chetnik troops in and around Mostar and the nearby bauxite mines	mines	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
This will require the stadium's movable stands to be permanently locked into position for baseball, making it impossible	impossible	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Following this move, the newly created fictitious 80th Infantry Division was assigned to the imaginary Corps. To aid	aid	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The first six books have been published in Korea, Italy and Latin America, and the first five series	series	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The last shipment of Alpha product was on made 11 May 1944. On 7 June 1944, Y 12	12	NUM	made	VERB	 made
The situation was particularly problematic for Plymouth Colony, as it had existed without a formal charter since its founding	founding	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Traditionally, these four families have been taken to together comprise the order Beloniformes. The halfbeaks and flyingfishes are	are	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
She meets Waterston's daughter, Maggie (Stacy Haiduk), who is extremely resentful of Scully for the	the	DET	effect	NOUN	 effect
On July 14, Harlem taxidermist and Barnum and Bailey lion tamer Michael Schleisser caught a 7.5 foot (2.3	2.3	NUM	m	NUM	 m
They are more advanced than both the Initiate and the Warrior classes in that they spend the vast majority of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
During the afternoon, satellites revealed that Laura had developed a deep warm core, a characteristic of a tropical	tropical	ADJ	cyclone	NOUN	 cyclone
It has been suggested that life could exist in the lakes of liquid methane on Titan, just as organisms	organisms	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Early Japanese settlers taught their children to speak Japanese. Some, like traders and settlers with Micronesian wives,	,	PUNCT	learned	VERB	 learned
" JOP Bland, though deeming Townsend's conclusions " as a whole... unconvincing ", at least found	found	VERB	the	DET	 the
When Dugard and her daughters were eventually allowed to come into contact with other people, they continued this fiction	fiction	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In December 2014, the IATA task force recommended that, within 12 months, airlines track commercial aircraft in	in	ADP	no	ADV	 no
As Guildenstern leaves for the Grand Cathedral, Rosencrantz searches for Ashley and Sydney. Finding them, Rosencrantz,	,	PUNCT	confident	ADJ	 confident
Cut scenes are added in before and after matches as the main story telling device, and utilize the same	same	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
Under the command of General Mark Jamison Sheppard, the player completes missions that range from securing a beach,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
The song typifies Harrison's ideal for a world unencumbered by national, religious or cultural delineation. In 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It reached number thirty six on the US Adult Pop Songs chart, becoming their first song other than a	a	DET	Christmas	PROPN	 Christmas
He improved his batting average in 1928, accumulating 517 runs at 25.85 with four more fifties. However,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
Demolition reached No.28 in the UK Album Chart in July 1980. In the same period, albums and singles	singles	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Another college rower, James Page, was appointed Secretary of the Amateur Rowing Association and coached both the Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After Zapata's taking of Cuautla, the federal government controlled only five states and some urban areas. Porfirio	Porfirio	PROPN	Díaz	PROPN	 Díaz
According to later Scandinavian sources, he helped another possible foster son, Hakon, son of Harald Fairhair,	,	PUNCT	king	NOUN	 king
On the Gulf side of Florida, the edge of the Floridian Plateau lies more than 160 kilometres (99	99	NUM	mi	NUM	 mi
To eliminate destruction of corals in their indigenous regions, projects have been started to grow corals in non tropical	tropical	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
One reviewer noted in 1901 that " It is a part of the progress of the day that the Nature	Nature	PROPN	study	NOUN	 study
The square lies within an area bound by Lisle Street, to the north; Charing Cross Road, to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four motorized companies from the Negev Brigade left Be ' er Tuvia. They set up a position of 4.2	4.2	NUM	inch	NOUN	 inch
They may also engage in play fighting, in which two marmots on their hind legs push each other with	with	ADP	their	PRON	 their
According to the singer, " She wanted to know, ' Who is this? Who produced it?	?	PUNCT	How	SCONJ	 How
During February and March 1942, the RAAF formed four transport units: Nos. 33, 34, 35	35	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Sitcom star Roseanne Barr also expressed an interest in guesting on The X Files, and Carter wrote the part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 1965 championship thus became the NFL's last before the Super Bowl era, which ushered in a new	new	ADJ	age	NOUN	 age
He had not, it seems, sufficient foresight to make it a perpetual motion. " Newton's position	position	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
During the presentation he was named Man of the Match by UEFA. Robben scored his first goals of the	the	DET	2013	NUM	 2013
Later, it was estimated that more than 500 Chinese were killed by the Australians and the American tanks that	that	PRON	supported	VERB	 supported
Alkan had few followers; however, he had important admirers, including Liszt, Anton Rubinstein, Franck,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The teams entering the race were: The starting peloton included Evgeni Berzin, the 1994 winner. Berzin's	's	PART	team	NOUN	 team
A BBC One repeat, two days later, gained an overnight figure of 1.8 million viewers. The special	special	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
In the study, Friday Night Lights tied for the 11th most watched show by affluent viewers. According to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jay Z said that recreating Reasonable Doubt would be challenging, as he was living a different lifestyle with a	a	DET	completely	ADV	 completely
The locations included Nottingham, Manchester, Glasgow, Birmingham and London. They then set out on a worldwide	worldwide	ADJ	tour	NOUN	 tour
EGM echoed Schneider's praise of the deep landscapes, which the magazine called " incredible ". Scott McCall	McCall	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Ismael rapidly weakened over land, and dissipated on September 16 over northwestern Mexico. The remnants entered the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
The Shrimp People, Singapore: Times Books International, 1991, ISBN 978 981 204 292 7 (pbk	pbk	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Most healthcare providers accept ADHD as a genuine disorder, at least in the small number of people with severe	severe	ADJ	symptoms	NOUN	 symptoms
Very few Americans remained on the ground in Vietnam, and the NVA made it a point to track particularly	particularly	ADV	valuable	ADJ	 valuable
His prototype was powered with a dry pile battery. It proved unreliable in timekeeping, however, because of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
He has focused on children's charities, supporting the Starlight Children's Foundation, World Vision and the SickKids	SickKids	PROPN	Foundation	PROPN	 Foundation
Meanwhile, in Italy a number of banks in Florence collapsed due to internal problems in Florence, contributed by	by	ADP	King	PROPN	 King
In the smelting process of using huge bellows driven by waterwheels, massive amounts of charcoal were used in the	the	DET	production	NOUN	 production
His 5 three pointers and 7 rebounds were career highs, earning him his third Big Ten Freshman of the	the	DET	Week	PROPN	 Week
His father, Bob, had no interest in football, but his mother, Cissie, played football with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
After Jaws ' car crashes he is rescued from the rubble by Dolly, and the two fall in love	love	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Political rivals expressed concern that special consideration allowed Burke to join the Reserve unit ahead of others, but an	an	DET	Army	PROPN	 Army
For casting Vanaja and Lacchi, he said that they met approximately 2500 children, interviewed about 260, and	and	CCONJ	finally	ADV	 finally
To perform a more direct measurement, he designed apparatus to measure the time interval between the arrival of a	a	DET	mesotron	NOUN	 mesotron
The Chamberlins and Petersons held the belief that the theory of evolution was compatible with religious views, and promoted	promoted	VERB	historical	ADJ	 historical
The Illini entered the Rose Bowl after a Cinderella season where they won nine games, including an upset victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
" Dave Simpson in The Guardian said the piece, " best experienced as a whole ", was "	"	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
The fast pace of the Queensland backs almost resulted in a try early in the first half but the ball	ball	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Among the ventures which he hoped to promote were a tobacco company, a scheme for selling to collectors postage	postage	NOUN	stamps	NOUN	 stamps
On May 15, the Convention instructed Virginia's congressional delegation " to propose to that respectable body to declare	declare	VERB	the	DET	 the
Between September 1 and 3, torrential rains affected much of South Korea, with the heaviest falling well ahead	ahead	ADV	of	ADP	 of
After 150 metres (490 ft), the highway enters the City of Bayswater LGA. East of the	the	DET	highway	NOUN	 highway
He had recently received divorce papers from his wife. His death, caused by choking on his own vomit	vomit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jerko Doko, the Bosnian defence minister, gave the HVO priority in the acquisition of military weapons. In	In	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
In 2010, the team reformed on the independent circuit, and began competing regularly for Ring of Honor (	(	PUNCT	ROH	PROPN	ROH
Davidson's cause was severely damaged, however, when Oliver produced a photograph of him, taken on 28	28	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
While most of the Bulgarian soldiers were dispersed to loot the countryside, the Byzantines attacked the Bulgarian camp and	and	CCONJ	slaughtered	VERB	 slaughtered
Below the sand are Paleozoic rocks of the Perth Basin. The sand contains an unconfined aquifer with large supplies	supplies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is a long term plan to have an endangered species, the Eurasian bittern, breeding here by 2014	2014	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
His advance was significantly slowed by defensive skirmishing by American riflemen under the command of Edward Hand, and the	the	DET	advance	NOUN	 advance
In protest Roddenberry resigned as producer and reduced his direct involvement in Star Trek, which led to Fred Freiberger	Freiberger	PROPN	becoming	VERB	 becoming
Richard's time as archbishop was much less stormy than Becket's had been, and he seems to have	have	AUX	had	VERB	 had
All of the musicians and background vocalists were under the supervision of Walter Afanasieff, who played the piano and	and	CCONJ	guided	VERB	 guided
Consequently, " On the Floor " reached a new peak of number three on the Hot 100 and number	number	NOUN	five	NUM	 five
Already in 1953, Sorabji manifested a lack of interest in continuing to compose, when he described his Sequentia	Sequentia	PROPN	cyclica	PROPN	 cyclica
Examples of components with this function include irises, stubs, and posts, all described later in this article	article	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
Director Judd Apatow explained that he originally tried to use " Toxic " in the 2005 film The 40 Year	Year	PROPN	Old	PROPN	 Old
In the weeks preceding the album's release, the band promoted a Twitter hashtag, namely # MARSmay21st,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
At 03: 00 on 16 March 1806, lookouts on HMS London reported sails to the northeast and Captain	Captain	PROPN	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
Audoin had reached an agreement with Justinian by which the Byzantines promised to send him military support in exchange for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rest of the synth sounds came from the Virus, and I use the V ‑ synth and the	the	DET	MicroKorg	PROPN	 MicroKorg
In mid September 2008, after protracted negotiations overseen by the leaders of South Africa and Mozambique, Mugabe and	and	CCONJ	Tsvangirai	PROPN	 Tsvangirai
His One Hundred Aspects of the Moon (1885 – 1892) depicts a variety of fantastic and mundane themes	themes	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The relay began March 24, 2008, in Olympia, Greece. From there, it traveled across Greece	Greece	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
He moved on to coach the Denver Falcons, also of the USHL, in 1950 – 51 then the	the	DET	Saskatoon	PROPN	 Saskatoon
He served on the boards of the Electricity Trust and the Housing Trust, among others. Here, unused	unused	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In 2000 Cherry Springs was officially named a " Dark Sky Park " by the DCNR, and that same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
At dawn Turkish artillery targeted the hill, and at 09: 30 the Turks counter attacked the New Zealanders	Zealanders	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
We feel the fan base itself creates that kind of excitement. " " Mysterious Ways " was released as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is played in common time at a tempo of 120 beats per minute. " Exit " portrays the	the	DET	mind	NOUN	 mind
In 1787 Dennie was admitted to the sophomore class of Harvard College, where he was very popular with his	his	PRON	peers	NOUN	 peers
The episode won an Emmy Award for best make up for a series. A damaged, unidentified vessel from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Overall damage was $594 million due to Gordon (1994 USD, $948 million 2016 USD).	.	PUNCT	International	ADJ	 International
Singleton Brook, to the north of the moor, denotes the boundary between Salford and Prestwich. Flint scrapers	scrapers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Benson analysed Fleming's writing style and identified what he described as the " Fleming Sweep ": a stylistic	stylistic	ADJ	point	NOUN	 point
Mr. Daly is a U.S. Army veteran of World War II who received the Congressional Medal of Honor for extreme	extreme	ADJ	heroism	NOUN	 heroism
Growing up poor during the depression, Bouchard did not begin skating until he was 16 and had to learn	learn	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In February 2015, UBS along with Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Group agreed to a $235 million settlement stemming	stemming	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Bachelder believed that her role in the development of the atomic bomb, and the subsequent use of atomic weapons	weapons	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Isotachs are particularly useful in diagnosing the location of the jet stream on upper level constant pressure charts, and	and	CCONJ	are	AUX	 are
However Hansell also argued that ignorance of radar was fortuitous in the long run. He surmised that had radar	radar	NOUN	been	AUX	 been
In chapter twelve of Ethics, Rothbard turns his attention to suspects arrested by the police. He argues that	that	SCONJ	police	NOUN	 police
The 1884 game, which was played entirely under the rules of rugby, was a rematch with Johns Hopkins	Hopkins	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One commentator wrote that the " Boston idiots " had been treated " in delightful fashion ". The Guardian	Guardian	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
The Browns won that game, touching off a period of dominance. The team won each of the AAFC	AAFC	PROPN	's	PART	's
Brosnan was signed for a three film Bond deal with the option of a fourth. The first, 1995	1995	NUM	's	PART	's
The college has 700 undergraduates and is currently the most over subscribed college of the University. In 1987 it	it	PRON	admitted	VERB	 admitted
After an absence of nearly 40 years the osprey successfully re colonised Scotland in the early 1950s. In 1899	1899	NUM	they	PRON	 they
Efforts to revive economic growth were unsuccessful and further hampered by the global slowdown in 2000. The economy recovered	recovered	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Established in the early afternoon, within this line, the 2 / 4th's ' A ' Company was	was	AUX	positioned	VERB	 positioned
The pencil sketch depicts the crest as a tuft of rounded feathers attached to the front of the head at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
But in point of epistemological footing, the physical objects and the gods differ only in degree and not in	in	ADP	kind	NOUN	 kind
New composite rotor blades, which successfully completed testing in 2004, increase cruise speed, climb rate, and	and	CCONJ	payload	NOUN	 payload
Swift, as vicar of Laracor spoke during a synod to defend himself, his sermons, and his politics	politics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The following night on Raw, believing he should not have lost the match, Khali challenged Cena to a	a	DET	Pinfalls	PROPN	 Pinfalls
He occasionally sang lead vocals, usually for one song on an album, including " With a Little Help	Help	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Although Mars has no evidence of a structured global magnetic field, observations show that parts of the planet's	's	PART	crust	NOUN	 crust
The outer wall was a formidable defensive edifice in its own right: in the sieges of 1422 and 1453	1453	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The study concluded that compared to 11 consecutive months of data prior to the storm, the swash zone experienced	experienced	VERB	a	DET	 a
On the July 11 episode of ECW, the villainous Candice appeared as Kelly Kelly's dance partner on that	that	DET	night	NOUN	 night
He sold the company for £100,000 at the end of 1971 to British businessman Bernie Ecclestone, Jochen Rindt	Rindt	PROPN	's	PART	's
Advanced and more specialist collectors have used the David Feldman, later called MacDonnell / Feldman, and later again	again	ADV	called	VERB	 called
The critic Harold Conway wrote that while Robey had reached the pinnacle of his career as a variety star,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
This is hinted at in the album's liner booklet, which notes " Nick Cave and the Dirty Three	Three	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
The two men were also motivated to find new jobs by their deteriorating relationship with Mary Lincoln, who sought	sought	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Pye Records had major artists of the period under contract. The Searchers, The Kinks, Donovan, Mungo	Mungo	PROPN	Jerry	PROPN	 Jerry
He was sentenced to be suspended from rank and duty for three years with an official reprimand from the Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Costanoan comprises eight dialects or separate languages: Awaswas, Chalon, Chochenyo (aka Chocheño), Karkin,	,	PUNCT	Mutsun	PROPN	 Mutsun
In addition to the National Weather Service Reports, the South Florida Water Management District reported higher wind gusts near	near	ADP	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
Into the Light was released in September 2012. He will be going on an Into the Light Tour in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
During the match against Surrey, which was held at the Oval, Crossland was heckled by the crowd,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Approximately one third of the homes on Ebeye were destroyed by the storm. One person was killed and damage	damage	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
These fruit bodies will — like a sponge — resume their original shape if water is squeezed out. The	The	DET	origin	NOUN	 origin
The song, which features DJ Khaled, was made available for purchase on the iTunes Store on April 17	17	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Religiously, he was orthodox, and particularly towards the end of his reign he became a strong opponent of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Stephen Tomašević's father died in the summer of 1461. The 16th century Croatian chronicler Ivan Tomašić wrote that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Following his term as governor, he served on various state boards and commissions, but failed in his only	only	ADJ	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
The infant's actions become less reflexive and intentionality emerges. 4 – 8 months: Secondary Circular Reactions –	–	PUNCT	Babies	NOUN	 Babies
SHM results in approximately one nucleotide change per variable gene, per cell division. As a consequence, any	any	DET	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
Anggun re recorded her debut international single as a French Portuguese duet with Tony Carreira, retitled " La neige	neige	VERB	au	ADV	 au
Trautmann made his first team debut on 19 November against Bolton Wanderers, and after a competent display in his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
The rhino makes three distinct noises: eeps, whales, and whistle blows. The eep, a short	short	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The graphics were given a simple appearance to avoid a cluttered game screen, and object designs were made distinct	distinct	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
On November 12, 2006, upon surpassing Ronald Reagan's lifespan, Ford released his last public statement:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The unbeaten run continued until the end of the season, and City secured their first league championship with a	a	DET	4	NUM	 4
Obama was born on August 4, 1961, at Kapiʻolani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital (now Kapiʻolani Medical Center	Center	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Cimarron (1931), produced by LeBaron himself, would become the only RKO production to win the Academy	Academy	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
Tea is also a widely consumed beverage and is served at cafés and drunk at home. Tea is prepared	prepared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
As well, One Hundred Years of Solitude takes place in Macondo and tells the complete history of the fictional	fictional	ADJ	town	NOUN	 town
Peter learned to sail the ship on waters near Moscow. In 1701, Peter had the botik stored in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
She added that the idea of the cat licking the milk and then pour it over, was the director	director	NOUN	's	PART	's
/ For me for me I like am like that, eh. " He subsequently describes major intersections throughout	throughout	ADP	Lagos	PROPN	 Lagos
Thus, they split into three pairs: Jack and administrator Ianto Jones (Gareth David Lloyd) search an	an	DET	office	NOUN	 office
Kramer, working under the name " Kramerica Industries ", conceptualizes building " a pizza place where you make	make	VERB	your	PRON	 your
He was a king who loved peace, an assiduous manager of public affairs, and above all a fosterer	fosterer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The auction took place around the day of the film's release. A Karaoke app developed by Singbox —	—	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
According to Smith, the angel Moroni took back the plates once Smith finished using them. The completed work	work	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, these animals are demanding to care for properly over their lifetime, and many die within a few	few	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
In the video, Ziegler and LaBeouf wear nude and dirt smeared outfits. Justine Harman from Elle likened the	the	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
Lecourbe made several feints on the bridge at Dillingheim, but his reconnaissance suggested instead that he focus on the	the	DET	bridges	NOUN	 bridges
Annual events on campus celebrate Georgetown traditions, culture, alumni, sports, and politics. In late April	April	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The population consisted of 2,500 whites, 2,500 freed blacks, and 77,000 slaves. Ethnically, there were 34,462	34,462	NUM	African	PROPN	 African
It was the first Mega Man game for the 16 bit console and the first game in the Mega Man	Man	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
" Those closest to him are mostly absent from his portraits; he rarely painted Theo, van Rappard or	or	CCONJ	Bernard	PROPN	 Bernard
The third match was between CM Punk and Johnny Nitro, who subbed in for the absent Chris Benoit (	(	PUNCT	unknown	ADJ	unknown
Two pagans, Asma bint Marwan of the Aws Manat tribe and Abu ' Afak of the ' Amr b.	b.	NOUN	'	PART	 '
The word is first recorded in English in the Encyclopædia Britannica of 1880, in which it is spelled battik	battik	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Adult mayflies are collected and eaten in many parts of China and Japan. Near Lake Victoria, Povilla mayflies	mayflies	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Some Ediacaran fossils, especially discs, have been interpreted tentatively as trace fossils but this hypothesis has not gained	gained	VERB	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
The polar easterlies, also known as Polar Hadley cells, are dry, cold prevailing winds that blow from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was happy, however, that he had always been at the front of the race and had not	not	PART	crashed	VERB	 crashed
9 Voyage up the Tapajos Bates hires a boat made of stonewood for a three month trip up the Tapajos	Tapajos	PROPN	river	NOUN	 river
Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 122 (1): 1 – 54. doi: 10.1111 / j.1469	j.1469	PROPN	7998.1952.tb06312.x	PROPN	 7998.1952.tb06312.x
There is a wide range of small machines designed to be used in offices that produce a few litres of	of	ADP	drinking	NOUN	 drinking
Grampa is forced to hold it in for hours and as a result, his kidneys explode. Homer ignored	ignored	VERB	this	PRON	 this
In October 2011, Carey announced that she re recorded " All I Want for Christmas Is You " with	with	ADP	Justin	PROPN	 Justin
Best known is mercury (II) chloride, an easily sublimating white solid. HgCl2 forms coordination complexes that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Sturdee retired in April 1950 and Rowell became the first Duntroon graduate to become Chief of the General Staff,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Red Ensign was lowered at the stroke of noon and the new maple leaf flag was raised. The	The	DET	crowd	NOUN	 crowd
Special features include an audio commentary by director Chris Weitz and editor Peter Lambert, a behind the scenes documentary	documentary	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Furthering his goal of promoting healthier food choices and working with the endorsement of the Washington State Potato Commission,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Boxleiter and Wohlwend worked on several additional games that were put on hiatus. They later became Mikengreg in 2010	2010	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Remote afterloading systems provide protection from radiation exposure to healthcare professionals by securing the radiation source in a shielded safe	safe	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
On May 14, Hansen started the second game of a doubleheader against Philadelphia, pitching 4 1 ⁄ 3	3	NUM	innings	NOUN	 innings
Through a friend, Consuelo Thaw, Wallis met Consuelo's sister Thelma, Lady Furness, the then mistress	mistress	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mary was eloquent and especially tall by sixteenth century standards (she attained an adult height of 5 feet 11	11	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
Jason Lipshut of Billboard wrote that " The production is so buttery that the listener can't help but get	get	VERB	another	DET	 another
On the way back to Paris, Tony learns Jo has cracked under the pressure and agreed to meet Grutter	Grutter	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The accession was made on the condition that Portugal was ruled as a separate, autonomous state, not as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Reception for the Nomad is mixed between its uniqueness and its poor timing into the market. Blake Snow of	of	ADP	GamePro	PROPN	 GamePro
Despite their losses the French survivors returned to the remaining guns, although most of their first broadside scattered into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was alleged the companies were waiting for the lakes to freeze over before sending cars so that the grain	grain	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The Blues eventually closed the season with a 54 – 82 record, placing seventh in the eight team American	American	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
In February 2014, it was reported that the Mint was conducting experiments to use copper plated zinc (the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The accompanying music video premiered on August 28, 2009 through Disney Channel. The video featured Gomez and her	her	PRON	band	NOUN	 band
This consists of a shared core inventory and, when accounting for contrasts not made by all dialects (whether	whether	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
In 2009, Dixon climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania for Comic Relief with Girls Aloud members Cheryl Cole and Kimberley	Kimberley	PROPN	Walsh	PROPN	 Walsh
Leg 3 began early Saturday morning. Following Friday's stages, Loeb was 25 seconds ahead of Sordo,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Georgetown alumni have a median starting salary of $55,000 with a median mid career salary of $110,000,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
Between 2003 and 2008, Reporters Without Borders consistently ranked New Zealand's press freedom in the top twenty.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
After the public release of video material depicting Smith's treatment while incarcerated, interim leader of the federal Liberal	Liberal	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
Following this intersection, DE 896 continues northwest as South College Avenue, coming to a southbound ramp that provides	provides	VERB	access	NOUN	 access
Western sources claim that Theodore offered to recognize the primacy of the Catholic Church and the suzerainty of the Latin	Latin	PROPN	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
In April 1917, Speirs took part in the Second Battle of Arras, for which he was awarded the	the	DET	Military	PROPN	 Military
... The doctrine of legitimate expectation is rooted in fairness. The Court of Appeal emphasized that the approach taken	taken	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The redesign work necessary to create the Jaguar / TWR JV6 engine was undertaken by Andrew Barnes, TWR's	's	PART	Powertrain	PROPN	 Powertrain
Sonic's side of the story picks up immediately after the events of Sonic the Hedgehog 3, where Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Robotnik	PROPN	 Robotnik
I felt part of this idea for " Superpower " was to have stuff be in contrast to each other	other	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
However, he roundly criticises the 1983 Arlon House facsimile reprint of the 16th edition for deliberately omitting recipes including	including	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The natural environment of Palm Island and adjacent Halifax Bay is ideal for the aquaculture of oysters, shrimp,	,	PUNCT	prawns	NOUN	 prawns
The Australian fossils were originally described as a type of jellyfish, but this is inconsistent with the bilateral symmetry	symmetry	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
DPB is associated with progressive respiratory failure, hypercapnia (increased levels of carbon dioxide in the blood),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Prior to the release of the extended play, Beyoncé organised a remix competition for her then upcoming single "	"	PUNCT	End	NOUN	 End
The number of eggs increases with carapace width according to a power law; extrapolation of the power law suggests	suggests	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
When the Warhead project was launched in the late 1970s, a number of actors were mentioned in the trade	trade	NOUN	press	NOUN	 press
According to the producer, few days after he had finished the composition, Madonna completed writing the lyrics of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In these roles, he had more freedom to add " gags " than Gilbert had given him at the	the	DET	Savoy	PROPN	 Savoy
ISBN 978 0 5676 5803 6. Schick, Alexander (2015). Tischendorf und die älteste Bibel der	der	NOUN	Welt	PROPN	 Welt
The area affected by the flood was declared a state disaster area, making residents whose homes were flooded eligible	eligible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The Bakerloo Tube announced its own bill to make the necessary changes to its existing plans. The GWR objected	objected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The next year, the streets downtown Pontiac were reconfigured and a loop called Wide Track Drive was created to	to	PART	route	VERB	 route
On February 16, 2010 it was announced that 358 / 2 Days won all seven of the awards that	that	PRON	it	PRON	 it
" He read everything sure. All the new fiction. What he didn't like was Bellow, Updike	Updike	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Different methods of preparation for consumption affect the leaching rate of cadmium, lead, and mercury. After the	the	DET	1986	NUM	 1986
" In 2003, executive producer Al Jean listed the episode as one of his favorites. Niel Harvey of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
Additionally, Mitchell had problems dealing with Alston, who openly expressed his unhappiness with Mitchell in a post game	game	NOUN	interview	NOUN	 interview
When Emperor Romanos IV was conducted into the presence of Alp Arslan, the Sultan refused to believe that the	the	DET	bloodied	ADJ	 bloodied
Designated C.12, the aircraft were retired in 1989. At the same time, the air arm received a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
The 21st Infantry Regiment was identified as the most combat ready of the 24th Infantry Division's three regiments,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
An additional 2,000 minibuses managed by the Ministry of Transportation run along eight lines into the neighboring suburbs. These	These	DET	interlinked	ADJ	 interlinked
The explosion tore a hole 40 feet long by 13 feet wide (12 m × 4.0 m),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
20 February 1987: 47089 Amazon was hauling a freight train that ran away and was derailed by trap points	points	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Kelly had approached Donen with this project as their next collaboration and at first Donen was reluctant to accept due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Because much of Tolkien's writings on the Elvish languages remain unpublished it is difficult to know how large a	a	DET	vocabulary	NOUN	 vocabulary
" While reviewing the alternate version of the video in July 2011, Becky Bain of Idolator stated that "	"	PUNCT	Spears	PROPN	 Spears
He made his first appearance of the season in October 2006, coming on as a second half substitute in	in	ADP	Millwall	PROPN	 Millwall
However, another comparison in 2008 of 150 genes in each of 21 genera, ranging from fungi to humans	humans	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
The high radioactivity of einsteinium has a potential use in radiation therapy, and organometallic complexes have been synthesized in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
The site is now being cleared of all buildings and tested for contamination to prepare for redevelopment. In winter	winter	NOUN	months	NOUN	 months
The ancient chronicles mention two tests that Dutthagamani planned to find out these warriors ' skill before the battle.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
In the second half of 2006, Higgins moved to Los Angeles to record On a Clear Night with American	American	ADJ	musician	NOUN	 musician
On September 4, 2014, a 14 year old girl in Port Richey, Florida, allegedly set her	her	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
Amid wild weather, the Australians were asked to follow on. A determined batting performance was not enough to	to	PART	prevent	VERB	 prevent
Other aggressive vocalizations given by females include the " squeal ", the " belch ", and the "	"	PUNCT	growl	NOUN	 growl
Henry's burial at Reading Abbey is marked by a local cross, but Reading Abbey was slowly demolished during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by J. L. Carr, and stars Colin	Colin	PROPN	Firth	PROPN	 Firth
The landlocked city was called by the Romans Hippinos, " of the horsemen ", and by the Greeks	Greeks	PROPN	until	ADP	 until
The album artwork was created by artist Ed Repka, who previously had done the cover for Peace Sells...	...	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
I said to myself, " What have you done, Hamming, you are involved in risking all of	of	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
" I Saw the Light " was placed at the start of album, as it was felt to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
If you vomit and make ice cream out of it, are you a star? " Tony Naylor of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
No names were assigned, and they were known by their contract names: ' O', ' P	P	NOUN	'	NUM	 '
They always observed a small amount of a dark, insoluble residue. Joseph Louis Proust thought that the residue	residue	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Stacy Slobodnik Stoll coaches the women's team. In the last ten seasons, she has brought the Spartans	Spartans	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
However, they eventually lost to Kuwait in the second stage. In the national team's 2013 season,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Spanish language magazine Vistazo called Crespo the new sensation of merengue music, and his album a favorite of listeners	listeners	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
In the bone marrow, each developing B cell will assemble an immunoglobulin variable region by randomly selecting and combining	combining	VERB	one	NUM	 one
The episode was the only episode filmed in color during the Ruth Martin seasons. Ratings skyrocketed. As filming	filming	VERB	for	ADP	 for
He signed a contract at the end of his scholarship, but after failing to break into the first team	team	NOUN	squad	NOUN	 squad
Holst made some recordings, conducting his own music. For the Columbia company he recorded Beni Mora, the	the	DET	Marching	PROPN	 Marching
A six track bonus CD, 1967: The First Three Singles, was given away alongside the 1997 30th	30th	ADJ	anniversary	NOUN	 anniversary
It favors the boundaries between different terrain, such as sand and reef. Its periscopic eyes give it a	a	DET	360	NUM	 360
When confronted on a kill by lions, spotted hyenas will either leave or wait patiently at a distance of	of	ADP	30	NUM	 30
A clip of the song " Popular " also plays in the 2009 movie Zombieland. Entertainer John Barrowman sang	sang	VERB	a	DET	 a
The RAN operates just under 50 commissioned warships, including frigates, submarines, patrol boats and auxiliary ships,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
The trailer used a motion capture that was altered in the final film. Advent Children was initially scheduled for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
When the first section opened, construction on a second stretch of the A5, reaching 32.5 kilometre (20.2	20.2	NUM	mi	NOUN	 mi
Jane became Hogg's common law wife and they had two children together. The family settled in London,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
In order to change the notion of manhood so that men could oppose slavery without jeopardizing their self image or	or	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
This continues until (5: 09), after all instruments have faded out except for the tremolo laden	laden	ADJ	feedback	NOUN	 feedback
Though sometimes shifting abruptly in time, Vanaja is an arresting story of modern day hardship and class exploitation,	,	PUNCT	recalling	VERB	 recalling
Georges Vezina collapsed during the first game of the 1925 – 26 season. He was diagnosed with tuberculosis and	and	CCONJ	never	ADV	 never
But the real importance, to my mind, lay in the effect they had on our own people,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Fifteen life size statues of kings were placed in niches on the walls, and the hammer beam roof by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
A study performed in California found that removal of thiomersal from vaccines did not decrease the rates of autism,	,	PUNCT	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
She was later consulted by the producers of the long running radio soap opera The Archers and the Cullompton farmers	farmers	NOUN	'	PART	 '
His band played a mixture of pop standards and bebop originals by Charlie Parker, Thelonious Monk, Dizzy Gillespie	Gillespie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
People who have autonomic instability such as low blood pressure require treatment with direct acting sympathomimetics such as epinephrine,	,	PUNCT	norepinephrine	NOUN	 norepinephrine
Percussive tracks were recorded through a thirty year old Roger Meyer compressor to color the sound (Vig: "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The game includes a phone that could be used to manually dial any number, which is needed to contact	contact	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The Australians put on 255 for the second wicket, through Hassett and Barnes, who was replaced by Harvey	Harvey	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
It corresponds to the coronations that formerly took place in other European monarchies, all of which have abandoned coronations	coronations	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Daniel Shulman plays bass on all four tracks. On October 14, 1998, Garbage, Electronic Arts,	,	PUNCT	AT	PROPN	 AT
By the end of 1899, construction had started on shoplots, a pier and government buildings. This new	new	ADJ	administrative	ADJ	 administrative
He likewise spoke against what would become the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution. Although he opposed the amendment,	,	PUNCT	Randall	PROPN	 Randall
Aguilar then appealed his conviction, arguing that the AUUF statute violated the Second Amendment and was unconstitutional. The	The	DET	Court	PROPN	 Court
Around 3: 10 a.m. EST, the first of two killer tornadoes touched down near Kenly, North Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Three storms developed in October, including Hurricane Paul. Tropical activity within the basin in November 2006 was the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
The Kid Line was finally broken up. While they remain consistent offensive performers, they lacked defensive ability and	and	CCONJ	opposing	VERB	 opposing
Later, they return home after Parvati rejoins her head. The other version, from the Pranotasani Tantra and	and	CCONJ	attributed	VERB	 attributed
She died on 23 April 1989, after suffering a stroke. Hu Die had an illegitimate daughter named Hu	Hu	PROPN	Ruomei	PROPN	 Ruomei
The ship had a range of 2,100 nautical miles (3,900 km; 2,400 mi) at a speed of	of	ADP	12	NUM	 12
" In the end, many of the moderate Finnish conservatives followed the thinking of Lauri Ingman, who wrote	wrote	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Increasingly interested in socialism, he read the works of Marxism's founders Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
It has been assumed that the eyes were all compound, like arthropods ' lateral eyes, but this reconstruction	reconstruction	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Stainforth lock, which connected the canal to the River Don, was closed in 1939. The winter of	of	ADP	1947	NUM	 1947
" Even long time players of the Myst games, such as Heidi Fournier of Adventure Gamers, felt that	that	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
C.J. Lee and David Merritt served as team co captains, and Manny Harris and DeShawn Sims shared team MVP	MVP	PROPN	honors	NOUN	 honors
The analysis showed that the woolly mammoth and the African elephant are 98.55% to 99.40% identical. The	The	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Spin's Joe Levy named the song the only " great " dance record on Like a Prayer, and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
In one episode, McDermott performed the self penned " Shut Up / Kiss Me " as a duet with	with	ADP	Fiona	PROPN	 Fiona
He was also interviewed by Rainn Wilson for SoulPancake. Carlsen was selected as one of the " sexiest men	men	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Rutland suggested that the two men were alike in their intolerance of opponents and suspicion of their motives. Mason	Mason	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
However, his family succeeded in reconstructing much of this from his notes and volume II of Theorie der linearen	linearen	PROPN	Wechselstromschaltungen	PROPN	 Wechselstromschaltungen
Bayliss questions Larry Biedron (Bruce MacVittie), who was involved with the altercation that led to Lange's	's	PART	fall	NOUN	 fall
Advanced technology and the Al Bhed are now embraced by the population as a whole, and most have begun	begun	VERB	to	PART	 to
Second, the Court held that a conditional intention (for example, an intention to so arm the vessel	vessel	NOUN	only	ADV	 only
After fighting their way through the Darkspawn horde, and a final battle against the Archdemon atop Denerim's highest	highest	ADJ	tower	NOUN	 tower
In its second weekend X Men: First Class dropped 56.2 percent, the second smallest second weekend drop in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rita Crews for The Studio Quarterly Magazine described his style as " free flowing, with an underlying romantic character	character	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was released in June 2009 in Europe, Middle East, Australia and New Zealand. Initial anticipation when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The two ships were ultimately raised and broken up for scrap after the end of the war. Lemnos was	was	AUX	382	NUM	 382
In children additional tests may be required such as urine biochemistry and blood testing looking for metabolic disorders. A	A	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Thus, by reproducing the number five, which in medieval number symbolism signified incorruptibility, Gawain's pentangle represents	represents	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Issues included difficulties with collision detection, unpredictable movements that led to glitches, and troubles with the firing mechanism	mechanism	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Other industries in the area included a corn mill, which collapsed some time during the First World War,	,	PUNCT	located	VERB	 located
In its second week of release, the film's gross suffered due to the competition from the release of	of	ADP	Seethamma	PROPN	 Seethamma
Disregarding this new order, Sharon division mounted a major brigade sized attack the following day. Despite initial successes	successes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ulam's idea seems to have been to use mechanical shock from the primary to encourage fusion in the secondary	secondary	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He also had political experience as a governor, together with a political pedigree courtesy of his father (as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
" Simon & Marcy " was storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar, from a story by Patrick McHale	McHale	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 14 months that he spent in China were largely seen as beneficial for U.S.-China relations. After Ford's	's	PART	accession	NOUN	 accession
There is just enough energy and resources left for a final re evolution. Prior to the initial events of	of	ADP	Rewrite	PROPN	 Rewrite
In the second preview, she wears the same outfit and dances seductively in front of a chair in an	an	DET	office	NOUN	 office
In January, a Chetnik force led by Lašić conducted successful operations against the Partisans in the Andrijevica district,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
This bridge was washed away by a flash flood in 1957. In 2006, work started on a new	new	ADJ	wooden	ADJ	 wooden
The lake has no outlet. Water is lost through sublimation and ablation of the ice cover. The lake	lake	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The reading was accompanied by persistent jeers, but Andrade persevered, and later discovered that a large part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Also, the cement that was used on the bridges had to be sourced from seven different sources, which	which	PRON	led	VERB	 led
For example, Germany refused to share their formula for synthetic oil from coal until late in the war.	.	PUNCT	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
It is the fourth book in The Keys to the Kingdom series, and was released in March 2006.	.	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
The funds for this equipment, however, were not provided for by the government and was a cost that	that	PRON	the	DET	 the
Its Hartford City manufacturing plant continued to be a major employer until the 1980s, when Overhead Door cut back	back	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
Jones later removed former governor Wilkinson from the board of the University of Kentucky using the bill's provisions.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Papal sanction of the marriage appears to have required the founding of two monasteries in Caen – one by William	William	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Harold Godwinson's victory was short lived, as only a few weeks later he was defeated by William the	the	DET	Conqueror	PROPN	 Conqueror
But what probably most occupied his time was the welfare of his authors: at the most he fed and	and	CCONJ	housed	VERB	 housed
Nicholas Fish (1758 – 1833) was a leading Federalist politician and notable figure of the American Revolutionary War	War	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The tradition of royal portrait painting in Scotland was probably disrupted by the minorities and regencies it underwent for much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The nearby rapids in the Saint Lawrence required portage, making The Cedars a strategic landing point for anyone navigating	navigating	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although Calais is by far the largest city in Pas de Calais, the department's prefecture is its third	third	ADV	largest	ADJ	 largest
An active film maker from 1970, Kiarostami had been involved in over forty films, including shorts and documentaries	documentaries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In October 1996, the band released their second studio album, Ænima. The album was certified gold in	in	ADP	ten	NUM	 ten
Patrick soon announces he has a wife, Marion, although she is imaginary and nobody else other than him	him	PRON	can	AUX	 can
The song ends with interpolating electronic swirls and the orchestra fading out. Sterling Clover from The Village Voice explained	explained	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Peckinpah and his editors cut the film to satisfy the new, expansive R rating parameters which, for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The scoreline puts the match among the most one sided in Grand Slam finals history. Federer suffered from mononucleosis	mononucleosis	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Hill was the most successful Australian batsman in the series, scoring 327 runs at an average of 81.75.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It was re released on Microsoft Windows, OS X and iOS as a remastered edition in 2010 and on	on	ADP	Android	PROPN	 Android
" When I got home I said to Janet that I hoped it was not an hallucination. " The	The	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The clip was directed by Ethan Lader who took inspiration from fashion and the film Fight Club. In 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The goat population has been reduced to just a few animals, and there are ongoing efforts to control rodents	rodents	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1866, Austria called for Prussia to hand over administration of Schleswig Holstein, which had until that point	point	NOUN	been	AUX	 been
Slate's David Haglund notes that Hills ' version is the best known of the early recordings. It was	was	AUX	performed	VERB	 performed
While Silk Spectre was based partially on the Charlton character Nightshade, Moore was not impressed by the character and	and	CCONJ	drew	VERB	 drew
Torrential rains during a two hour span overnight triggered most of the flooding in the area, isolating many homes	homes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
These later accounts were more willing to present Constantine as a genuine convert to Christianity. Beginning with Norman H.	H.	PROPN	Baynes	PROPN	 Baynes
Although he has no formal training in Magick, he has an extraordinary amount of experience and understanding in the	the	DET	field	NOUN	 field
In the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, critic Alex Rayner stated that Homework tied the	the	DET	established	VERB	 established
At 14: 00 Meldrum reported he could now hold out until nightfall and at 22: 30 they were	were	AUX	relieved	VERB	 relieved
Some are well enough not to require immediate cortisol replacement; in this case, blood levels of cortisol are	are	AUX	determined	VERB	 determined
Nor are their songs dramatic. Charles Wharton Stork commented in his 1917 anthology of Swedish verse that " The	The	DET	anthologist	NOUN	 anthologist
Webber stated that he was expecting Singapore to be a tough weekend for him after he had retired from the	the	DET	event	NOUN	 event
The Soviet Air Force practice of harassing German ground forces using antiquated Polikarpov Po 2 and R 5 biplanes at	at	ADP	night	NOUN	 night
The video game was developed by Australian company Beam Software and first released in 1993 by Data East. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
On 11 July 1968, 26 year old Mardas married 22 year old Eufrosyne Doxiades (the daughter of a	a	DET	respected	ADJ	 respected
Yet secretly, Moreno supported the plan to dismiss the Viceroy. Mariano Moreno had several contacts with groups seeking	seeking	VERB	the	DET	 the
Hubert Schmundt relieved him and served as the ship's captain for the following year. In 1934, a	a	DET	pair	NOUN	 pair
The publicity surrounding the trial brought the pink film genre to the attention of the general public, and helped	helped	VERB	inspire	VERB	 inspire
The longest, lasting 12 years in the mid ‑ 19th century, reduced the river's flow to 20	20	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
Late in the afternoon of Sunday, July 22, 2007, 48 year old Jennifer Hawke Petit and her	her	PRON	11	NUM	 11
Meusel helped lead the team to their first World Series title, in their third consecutive matchup with the Giants	Giants	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Pam tells Jim that in his lottery fantasy " we're Stephen King characters ", due to his desire	desire	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Unlike most EU states, which usually operate parliamentary systems, there is a separation of powers between the executive	executive	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Where'd You Go ", its fourth single, peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot	Hot	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
Colin Greenwood explained the internet release as a way of avoiding the " regulated playlists " and " straitened formats	formats	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
From 1886 to 1973 the building was used as a meeting space by the Clinton Lodge of Ancient Free and	and	CCONJ	Accepted	PROPN	 Accepted
This suggestion was positively received by Nomura and Yoshinori Kitase, but at the time Tabata was busy developing Final	Final	PROPN	Fantasy	PROPN	 Fantasy
Townshend had been looking at way of progressing beyond the standard three minute pop single format since 1966. Co	Co	NOUN	manager	NOUN	 manager
In order to find out who, McGarrett and Danny turn to Chin Ho Kelly (Daniel Dae Kim)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the 1962 Marsh Chapel Experiment, which was run by Pahnke at the Harvard Divinity School under the supervision	supervision	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An additional extension from Bacoor to Imus and from there a further extension to Dasmariñas, both in Cavite,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
New Fletton was transferred from Huntingdonshire in 1868 and in 1918 the parliamentary borough was abolished and replaced with a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The transitional civilian government will rule up to two years before new elections will be held. National Assembly speaker	speaker	NOUN	Manuel	PROPN	 Manuel
The island fortifications were never tested against a major Union attack. However, they served a useful purpose in	in	ADP	dealing	VERB	 dealing
After leaving school, Macartney worked for a fruit and vegetable merchant near Sydney's Sussex Street docks, honing	honing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Young had identified the first determinative " divine female ", but Champollion now identified several others. He presented	presented	VERB	the	DET	 the
Capitalism was also considered to be a theme; consumer commodities were said to be signs of death, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The 1987 edition of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature changed the rules on the starting date and primary work	work	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
At his consecration, he managed to avoid giving a profession of obedience to Thomas the Archbishop of York,	,	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
At this time, the troops on the other side of the river in Gloucester also surrendered. The French	French	ADJ	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
It is common for extant castles to be the result of several phases of construction, and were adapted and	and	CCONJ	added	VERB	 added
Playwright Eugene O'Neill won the Nobel literature prize in 1936; other acclaimed U.S. dramatists include multiple Pulitzer Prize winners	winners	VERB	Tennessee	PROPN	 Tennessee
At ground level, the figures ' positions lead the viewer around the work, and subtly suggest their common	common	ADJ	movement	NOUN	 movement
He was joined by fellow NBA stars Steve Nash, Carmelo Anthony, and Baron Davis, and movie star	star	NOUN	Jackie	PROPN	 Jackie
Timbaland also used the Turkish oud to mellow out the guitar riff. The chord series follows the Am C	C	PROPN	G	NOUN	 G
During her first patrol, she circumnavigated the British Isles and entered the Bay of Biscay. It was here	here	ADV	that	PRON	 that
An agreement regarding financing was made between A / S Sotrabrua and the Ministry of Transport and Communications on 1	1	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
In the 1950s, DE 141 became concurrent with the route from New Castle to north of Newport. DE	DE	PROPN	41	NUM	 41
Implementation was planned in six phases, numbered zero through five. Between phases zero and one, an evaluation	evaluation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Timberlake distanced himself from the controversy while Jackson faced much criticism and backlash. He later commented that " America	America	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Italians were supported by German paratroopers of the 1st Parachute Division, who were ordered to move to Sicily	Sicily	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
In the prequel Soulcalibur Legends a similar prototype golem, Astaroth α, is discovered by game protagonist Siegfried.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
The total force would number about 5,300. The 9th Division would be limited to taking 15 days ' supplies	supplies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Within a few minutes, North Korean artillery was attacking all front line rifle companies of the regiment from the	the	DET	Namji	PROPN	 Namji
She justified her involvement saying, " It is a woman's business to be interested in the environment.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On 24 March 1938, Black Osprey was sailing in a dense fog off St. Catherine's Point on the	the	DET	Isle	PROPN	 Isle
Bevan left at the same time, and Gillan remarked that he and Bevan were made to feel like "	"	PUNCT	hired	VERB	 hired
There were now two militias marching and singing through Little Rock as the city became a battle ground. Commanding	Commanding	VERB	both	DET	 both
As Potter biographer Daphne Kutzner writes of Potter's illustrations for Jeremy: " When she finally did the illustrations	illustrations	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to	to	PART	join	VERB	 join
The Hall and a residual park of over 50 acres was sold on by the Freeholders (though not the	the	DET	lordship	NOUN	 lordship
Both species are omnivorous, eating fruit, flowers, buds, insect excretions, tree gums, large insects	insects	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The record never made it into the charts. In 1966 " Freddie Lennon " (the name under which	which	PRON	Alf	AUX	 Alf
There are examples of deep south made caps that were trimmed in red cotton and wool, and issued to	to	ADP	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
The utility's documentation, along with the forum post, contained little information as to how necessary keys could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
In Julius Mode, the playable characters include Julius Belmont, Yoko Belnades, and Alucard. Each character has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
The song soared eighty three positions to number two in its second week, kept from the top spot by	by	ADP	only	ADV	 only
" The only credit in the production is that of Marie Eline in an unknown role. A review of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After that the Pleistocene ice age covered the whole continent and destroyed all major plant life on it. The	The	DET	geological	ADJ	 geological
At least 40,000 tourists who spent the Mexican Independence Day in Acapulco were stranded since the terminal of the airport	airport	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Sent to the Russian front, he came down with dysentery. He returned to Berlin, where he joined	joined	VERB	Hertz	PROPN	 Hertz
He also hired circus performers to teach him to throw knives. While filming, he was never out of	of	ADP	character	NOUN	 character
On 10 May, after the invasion force had entered Libau, the British submarines HMS E1 and HMS E9	E9	PROPN	spotted	VERB	 spotted
But he never fired at a stretcher bearer or any of the soldiers who were trying to rescue wounded Turks	Turks	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Inside, the barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of firewood and coal. Fawkes gave his name	name	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The 24 – 17 loss was the Browns ' first in a championship game. The 1952 and 1953 seasons	seasons	NOUN	followed	VERB	 followed
The line then climbs at gradients between 1 in 86 and 1 in 170 before a dip where it crosses	crosses	VERB	the	DET	 the
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
The percussion and the choir sound are added interchangeably between the verses and the bridges, until the second chorus	chorus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Because Traherne's works were lost for 200 years after his death they did not influence other writers until the	the	DET	20th	ADJ	 20th
After deliberations, Whitelaw instructed the SAS to prepare to assault the building at short notice, an order that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Historians ' opinions vary on Grant's motives for issuing the order. Jewish leaders complained to Lincoln while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Her performance was nominated for a Golden Globe Award as Best Actress - Drama and for a Screen Actors Guild	Guild	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Jacob Aue Sobol (born 1976) studied at Fatamorgana, the Danish School of Art Photography. His first	first	ADJ	book	NOUN	 book
These houses are loosely clustered with generous space between each lodging. The rainy season encampment serves for three to	to	PART	five	NUM	 five
Three destroyers — Hull, Monaghan and Spence — capsized and sank with nearly all hands, while a cruiser	cruiser	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Merckx won three of the five stages contested within the next four days, including a summit finish to Mont	Mont	PROPN	Ventoux	PROPN	 Ventoux
By the end of the program, the records of all participating schools of nursing had been audited by up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
In general, the project itself does not develop this software, only the framework to allow these programs to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
After some delay, the Yugoslav government conditionally signed the Pact on 25 March 1941. Two days later a	a	DET	bloodless	ADJ	 bloodless
It was around this time that Nirvana's Nevermind was making waves in the rock and pop scene. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Environmentalists estimate that Granny may have a PCB load of up to 100 parts per million, and that her	her	PRON	descendants	NOUN	 descendants
In 1920 he successfully argued that the RAF should take the lead during the operation to restore peace in Somaliland	Somaliland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Traces of painted stucco on the final version of the pyramid reveal that at some point the exterior of the	the	DET	structure	NOUN	 structure
" David Robinson of The Financial Times criticised the appearance of Connery and his effectiveness to play Bond in the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
After a succession of victories, the English held great possessions in France, the French king was in English	English	ADJ	custody	NOUN	 custody
When the B 52 G was retired in 1994, an urgent scheme was launched to restore an interim Harpoon	Harpoon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In untreated coeliac disease, these are often transient conditions derived from the intestinal damage. They normally revert or	or	CCONJ	improve	VERB	 improve
Carson wrote in 1961 that September Morn had caused " the most heated controversy over nudity, art, and	and	CCONJ	morals	NOUN	 morals
Both parts were directed by J.J. Abrams, who co wrote the script with Damon Lindelof. Jeffrey Lieber,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
In 1867, Benjamin had been indicted in Richmond, along with Davis, Lee, and others, for	for	ADP	waging	VERB	 waging
The presence of this force at Toulon enabled the French to plan a secondary operation using Ganteaume's new arrivals	arrivals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another of his favourite female vocalists was Ronnie Spector – formerly known as Veronica Bennett, lead singer of girl	girl	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
The despair reflected what Finlay (1994) describes as a widespread sense of hopelessness that prepared local business and	and	CCONJ	political	ADJ	 political
The axons of sensory receptor cells travel into the spinal cord or brain, where they transmit their signals to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Cliff Lewis, Graham's primary backup, also played in the game. Brooklyn's only score came in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
His failure to break his silence disappointed some of his followers, while others regarded these broken promises as a	a	DET	test	NOUN	 test
London: Nelson. Solomon, Susan (2001). The Coldest March: Scott's Fatal Antarctic Expedition	Expedition	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This belief was widely held in the 18th century, when the grape was also known as Petite Vidure or	or	CCONJ	Bidure	PROPN	 Bidure
" On 17 July 1917, to appease British nationalist feelings, King George issued an Order in Council that	that	PRON	changed	VERB	 changed
These architectural studios embrace the desert climate, and are unconventional in their approach to the practice of design.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
" Flaming Moe's " was the first episode of the show to feature Moe in a prominent role.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Stossel was named co anchor of 20 / 20 in May 2003, while he was writing his first book	book	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While moving through northwestern Mexico, Hurricane Ismael dropped moderate to heavy rainfall including a state record of 7.76 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" The end result was considered a disappointment, as Stipe had to work with Finster on a long distance	distance	NOUN	basis	NOUN	 basis
Even as a top 5 selection, Alexander's stock continued to rise as a senior, according to the	the	DET	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
Poetry praised the idealized lives of farmers and shepherds. The interiors of houses were often decorated with painted gardens	gardens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After losing in the final, Gill and his Rovers team mates indulged in the local beer to the extent	extent	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
There are a number of commercial varieties available from Australian retail nurseries; however none have yet been registered under	under	ADP	plant	NOUN	 plant
" Csupó explained that " it was a very conscious decision from the very beginning that we're not going	going	VERB	to	PART	 to
A fellow officer, married to an American steel heiress, offered Sydney work as a secretary to his wife	wife	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It had been reformed into multiple smaller and more mobile armies from October 1808. In the Peninsula the French	French	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
As Friedman noted, if the price of silver had remained high, the exclusion of the silver dollar from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Busch was killed and Nordmann, severely injured, did not fly operationally again. In total, Nordmann claimed	claimed	VERB	78	NUM	 78
On 6 April, the ship was attacked by British torpedo bombers, which managed to score a single hit	hit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Since the start of Israeli occupation of the Old City in 1967, the Jewish Quarter has expanded by some	some	DET	40	NUM	 40
On February 11, 1993, Janet Reno was nominated for the post. Clinton had known of her since	since	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
The alternative rock song was written by Lohan as a letter to her father, Michael Lohan, who survived	survived	VERB	a	DET	 a
Aqil also protected the Christian community of Nazareth from harm as their coreligionists elsewhere in Ottoman Syria faced massacres.	.	PUNCT	Part	NOUN	 Part
Burton agreed to return after they granted him more creative control and replaced Hamm with Daniel Waters. Wesley Strick	Strick	PROPN	did	VERB	 did
The popularity of Truffaut's auteur theory helped the film's and Welles's reputation. By 1942 Citizen Kane	Kane	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Sigismund refused to agree to the boyar's request to send prince Władysław to Moscow and his conversion to Orthodoxy	Orthodoxy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Following this incident, she had a short rivalry with Michelle McCool, who had come to Massaro's aid	aid	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Goals are scored when a team member positioned in the attacking shooting circle shoots the ball through the goal ring	ring	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Talk of Dwight Schrute's (Rainn Wilson) karate experience gets Michael's competitive juices flowing, leading to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The upgrade would have given sufficient standard to allow FIS Alpine Ski World Cup events in slalom to be held	held	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The latter town hosted the second Winter Olympic Games in 1928 and the fifth edition in 1948. Among the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
The first two releases on the label were an album and a single released at the convention Comiket 60 in	in	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
Banza revealed his intention to stage a coup to Lieutenant Jean Claude Mandaba, the commanding officer of Camp Kassaï	Kassaï	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Also, the hurricane was the strongest to hit Dominica in the 20th century, and was the deadliest Dominican	Dominican	ADJ	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The Japanese replied that they could not accept this unless the number of battleships was also limited; they wanted	wanted	VERB	the	DET	 the
One source mentions Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive (1922) was published two years before the Central Railroad	Railroad	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Coach Alexander recalled " The work of Douglas Wycoff against Notre Dame two years in succession was brilliant in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Snook, the sumbel has a strong social role, representing " a game of politicking, of	of	ADP	socializing	NOUN	 socializing
He was so impressed with her rendition of the film's final scene — in which Anna and Jacob stand	stand	VERB	silently	ADV	 silently
It was the only official recognition that she received during her lifetime. Laura Secord died in 1868 at the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
" Christy Lemire of The Boston Globe was positive of the song's incorporation in the film during the audition	audition	NOUN	process	NOUN	 process
Madonna said that it's not difficult to express herself lyrically without giving away too much of her own privacy	privacy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The victory helped UMBC secure its first ever berth in the NCAA tournament. In 1999, the Retrievers again	again	ADV	made	VERB	 made
Kevin Huxford claimed, " you can feel editorial mandate dripping from this " and called the story " utterly	utterly	ADV	ridiculous	ADJ	 ridiculous
A brick made of dust collected from his armour after his campaigns was reportedly placed under his head. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
For music, Thiagarajan approached A. R. Rahman in 2008 who declined the offer, and Ilaiyaraaja eventually replaced him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
were lowered at the moment of transubstantiation "; here it suggests that in the same way the Holy Spirit	Spirit	PROPN	gives	VERB	 gives
The fortifications continued to be in military use until as late as the 1970s and by the time tunnelling ceased	ceased	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Many types of cells export proteins produced by ribosomes attached to the rough ER. The ribosomes assemble amino acids	acids	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
In 1921, it was played by the league champions of the top division and FA Cup winners for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
During a press conference, Mayor Jirla Isamuddin said that at about 8: 15 p.m., some protesters started	started	VERB	to	PART	 to
In July 2000, prior to the album's completion, they released their first single, " Hole in	in	ADP	Your	PRON	 Your
Over 100 shelters were opened in the municipalities of Los Cabos, La Paz and Comondú, respectively. In	In	ADP	all	PRON	 all
In 1867, recently widowed Josephine Clifford arrived at the Overland Monthly to take a position as secretary. She	She	PRON	formed	VERB	 formed
The extratropical storm tracked southeastward and later turned to the southwest while steadily deepening; on May 7, it	it	PRON	attained	VERB	 attained
Lichtenstein has also described the effect of depicting a single artificial brushstroke sculpturally with hundreds of small brushstrokes: "	"	PUNCT	My	PRON	 My
However, the episode received the second lowest number of viewers received by Enterprise at that point, which was	was	AUX	blamed	VERB	 blamed
" In 1997, Bass decided to deprioritise Stones in order to concentrate on promoting Worthington as their national ale	ale	NOUN	brand	NOUN	 brand
Junction list The entire route is in Snow Hill, Worcester County. U.S. Route 113 Alternate (US 113	113	NUM	Alternate	PROPN	 Alternate
Johnson hoped that he would be a compromise candidate for the presidential nomination as the Democratic Party tore itself apart	apart	ADV	over	ADP	 over
The 19th century also witnessed two major restorations to St Denys '. As the congregation expanded, the need	need	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This infuriates Jim to his breaking point, and they hold a private talk in Michael's office. Michael	Michael	PROPN	snaps	VERB	 snaps
In Canada, it debuted at number 85 on the RPM Singles Chart and reached number three in its eighth	eighth	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
In 920, Raja Sahil Varman (or Raja Sahil Verma) shifted the capital of the kingdom to Chamba	Chamba	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In 2012, Mike Fahey of Kotaku called Thief " the best stealth game I've ever played "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
By 1710, the construction of Bombay Castle was finished, which fortified the islands from sea attacks by European	European	ADJ	pirates	NOUN	 pirates
The Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry (" MB & B ") that Richards founded and chaired at	at	ADP	Yale	PROPN	 Yale
Used on the Nordland Line, the Røros Line and the Rauma Line, they were purchased to replace the	the	DET	aging	VERB	 aging
Ants of this genus prefer to inhabit grasslands, forests, heath, urban areas and woodland. Nests are	are	AUX	found	VERB	 found
They are rendered in bright colors. Mary wears a long flowing blue robe, Joseph a green lined red	red	ADJ	cape	NOUN	 cape
A sequel, Marvel vs. Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes, was released in 1998. Marvel Super Heroes	Heroes	PROPN	vs.	ADP	 vs.
" The two operas presented in 1989 were The Mikado and The Pirates of Penzance. The new company's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
Other skills are then taught including the Uphill Christie, beginning turns, parallel turns, short swings and moguls	moguls	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The palace, considered an architectural heritage and a tourist attraction, was built in the mid 19th century,	,	PUNCT	replacing	VERB	 replacing
Fort Ticonderoga was still extremely useful to the British as a supply and communication link between Canada and New York	York	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Guiteau might have had syphilis, a disease that causes physiological mental impairment. He was executed on June 30	30	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
All oxidation states have their characteristic optical absorption spectra, with a few sharp peaks in the visible and mid	mid	ADJ	infrared	ADJ	 infrared
Speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives Sam Rayburn supported the idea and offered to use his influence to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
Hiei was also armed with a large number of 1 inch (2.5 cm) Type 96 antiaircraft autocannons.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The park fared well during the 1930s under an elected administration. But, during the Second World War,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Its closest rival, Failure to Launch, took in $15,604,892. The film debuted at number one in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Scully sees Mulder's lifeless body and races back to the compound hoping that Smith can heal him, but	but	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The Pennsylvania Game Commission began purchasing land for state game preserves in 1920, and, by 1941, State	State	PROPN	Game	PROPN	 Game
Wilton received much of the credit for 3rd Division's performance. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (	(	PUNCT	DSO	PROPN	DSO
There is also a scene after the watermelon exploding trick where Meg was supposed to say " Fuck you,	,	PUNCT	asshole	NOUN	 asshole
Likewise in the College, the University Party and the Cavalier Party were dominated by Lambda Pi and Skull &	&	CCONJ	Keys	PROPN	 Keys
They can also be affected by diverse psychiatric and neurological symptoms independent of opportunistic infections and cancers. HIV is	is	AUX	transmitted	VERB	 transmitted
The issue intensified in 1896 when two of the Australian touring team, Ernie Jones and Tom McKibbin, seemed	seemed	VERB	to	PART	 to
There exist other factors which explain the conduct of the deceased independent of the subliminal stimuli. " Judas Priest	Priest	PROPN	members	NOUN	 members
On August 14, an area of convection organized enough to be considered a tropical depression. It was steered	steered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
For his services as Director General of the Tank Corps, Capper was made a Knight Commander of the Order	Order	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Mast cells can consume and kill gram negative bacteria (e.g., salmonella), and process their antigens.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Expecting a confrontation, Washington took the precaution of striking his tents before sunrise, and sent the heavy baggage	baggage	NOUN	north	NOUN	 north
" Several critics have noted satirical comparisons between Archer and the Bond films. Reed, himself, based the	the	DET	Archer	PROPN	 Archer
The second cover was based on an idea by Bertrand Le Page who thought that it would be better to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
The most important staging issue is whether the tumor can be surgically removed, or whether it is too advanced	advanced	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
" Ramen Rock " was inspired by Taneda's habit of eating ramen after every show. Finally, Yamano	Yamano	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
Gallagher reportedly blasted the organisers of the 2008 Glastonbury Festival for scheduling US hip hop artist Jay Z as a	a	DET	headliner	NOUN	 headliner
Voorhis complained about the way Nixon had conducted himself in the 1946 race. but was overshadowed by fellow detractor	detractor	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The storm moved southwestward and gradually strengthened to reach hurricane status. It persisted into the following calendar year,	,	PUNCT	passing	VERB	 passing
Bamber said: " You've got to help me. My father has just rung me and said,	,	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
" One of the young Stanford's earliest compositions, a march in D♭ major, written when he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Solyaris) is a 1972 Soviet science fiction art film adaptation of Polish author Stanisław Lem's novel Solaris (	(	PUNCT	1961	NUM	1961
The Soviets expected to take control of the entire territory in three to four days. On the night of	of	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Beginning his career for Yorkshire in 1898 as a slow left arm bowler who was a useful batsman, Rhodes	Rhodes	PROPN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
A report from Galveston explained, " There was little characteristic sky appearance prior to the advent of the storm	storm	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
' " Spader called the character " self absorbed " and added, " I think he sees the Avengers	Avengers	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Earwicker has been absent throughout the latter tale, having been summoned upstairs by ALP. He returns and is	is	AUX	reviled	VERB	 reviled
Due to his growing participation with Lille's first team, Hazard was only allowed to play in 2009 UEFA	UEFA	PROPN	European	PROPN	 European
Following the end of World War II, however, the decision was made to establish a permanent standing defence	defence	NOUN	force	NOUN	 force
In Apuleius's description, the goddess also determines how much the initiate must pay to the temple in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
NY 8 was realigned to follow the highway to New Hartford, from where it continued through Utica on the	the	DET	Arterial	PROPN	 Arterial
This included a run of seven matches in the middle of the season in which he scored five centuries and	and	CCONJ	four	NUM	 four
Smith left school at 14 to join Billy Danter's Funfair, which toured extensively throughout the United Kingdom and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
On 6 April, the television station MTV3 organised a debate for all the incumbent parties represented in the parliament	parliament	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For some textured surfaces, such as facial hair and woodgrain, he used a broad brush with bristles as	as	ADV	sparse	ADJ	 sparse
Kurt and Rachel sneak into the Gershwin Theatre where Wicked is playing, and from the stage they sing "	"	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
His actions in the raid earned him the Victoria Cross. The full citation for Edwards ' Victoria Cross appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Terreece Clarke from Common Sense Media rated the book three stars out of five, commenting that it " is	is	AUX	ideal	ADJ	 ideal
The pawn has two special moves: the en passant capture and pawn promotion. Once in every game,	,	PUNCT	each	DET	 each
Also three versions will be available: Visia, Acenta and Tekna. The Visia version has a lower starting	starting	NOUN	price	NOUN	 price
Slessor became Commander in Chief RAF Mediterranean and Middle East in January 1944, and deputy to Lieutenant General Ira	Ira	PROPN	Eaker	PROPN	 Eaker
Their names adorn many of the campus's prominent buildings. William Spier designed the addition of West Wing of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Of those seven, six finished the event. Rodríguez ranked seventh in the heat behind Mariely Sanchez Hichez of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1867, Goya's biographer Charles Emile Yriarte considered the painting important enough to warrant its own special exhibition	exhibition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The song enjoyed anthem like popularity and according to V. Paramesh, a dealer of film music for 23 years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ed appeared in the " Cartoon Network Elections 2004 " with Grim from The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy	Mandy	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Despite the battle's small numbers, the American victory inspired rebels in the colonies. With the success of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In this species, the size of the oesophageal gland is about two orders of magnitude larger than the usual	usual	ADJ	size	NOUN	 size
Similar to that of military operations, fire management is often very expensive in the U.S. and the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She then returned to Japan, where the tour was completed. Hill did not want an extensive tour because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
" Before the start of the recording sessions, bassist David Ellefson stated that the band doesn't want their	their	PRON	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
The wings had more spotting than those of the male. The tail was shorter than that of the male	male	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Restructuring the MR 26 7, he fled to Mexico with his brother Raul Castro, where he met with	with	ADP	Argentine	PROPN	 Argentine
Other countries into which the bullfrog has been introduced include Mexico, the western half of Canada, Cuba,	,	PUNCT	Jamaica	PROPN	 Jamaica
Brodsky suggested that the choice of wearing baseball hats and striped pants could " have something to do with baseball	baseball	NOUN	players	NOUN	 players
The area around the roadway became part of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore when the park was created in	in	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
As a result of Assistant Commissioner McHugh's investigation and due to the defense solicitor's refusal to release Dr	Dr	PROPN	Gudjonsson	PROPN	 Gudjonsson
In April, an " organized campaign " had begun to remove the Bosniak population of Bijeljina. The SDS	SDS	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
After the end of the war in 1783, Sumner helped to establish the North Carolina Chapter of the Society	Society	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Another attack occurred on 9 April. Little damage was done on land, but both the British and Australian	Australian	ADJ	navies	NOUN	 navies
" Cartoonist Art Spiegelman said that Little Annie Fanny devolved from the more interesting Goodman Beaver. Underground cartoonist Robert	Robert	PROPN	Crumb	PROPN	 Crumb
It is here that Dyer almost certainly met George Fox, and learned about his beliefs and the role of	of	ADP	women	NOUN	 women
The character of Sideshow Bob began his career as the non speaking sidekick on Krusty the Clown's television show	show	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" However, because Gaston was competing on Nashville Star, he was unable to participate in the music video	video	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Just seven hours after this, the JTWC classified the system as a tropical storm and began issuing advisories.	.	PUNCT	Through	ADP	 Through
One canid, the domestic dog, entered into a partnership with humans a long time ago. This partnership	partnership	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
They were denied a civic reception by the Lord Mayor of the City of Perth, who supported an Olympic	Olympic	ADJ	boycott	NOUN	 boycott
In addition to the Rex episode, the May 1938 maneuvers conducted a well publicized mock attack on New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
" There is nothing in the Maya or Aztec or ancient Mesoamerican prophecy to suggest that they prophesied a sudden	sudden	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
" The Judiciary Act of 1789 divided original jurisdiction for the trial of federal crimes between the district courts and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The town of Milford was founded in 1793, after Sir William Hamilton obtained an Act of Parliament in 1790	1790	NUM	to	PART	 to
Writing for The A.V. Club, Zack Handlen rated the episode a B, finding that its depiction of the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
... Macroscopically the specimen lacks the typical pronounced basal bulb to the stipe and volva remnants on the pileus;	;	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
Mc Shea (GameSpot) thought that the sequel's in game challenges resolved the core issue of the original	original	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
Klaas Ruitenbeek states that the version of the Timberwork Manual quoted by Shen is most likely Shen's summarization of	of	ADP	Yu	PROPN	 Yu
Sessions began at 2: 00 p.m. EDT on May 7 and concluded at 9: 00 p.m. On May	May	PROPN	8	NUM	 8
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix wrote that the episode " worked largely because it embraced [the] idea " that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
To be registered, Welaras must stand between 11.2 and 15 hands (46 and 60 inches, 117 and	and	CCONJ	152	NUM	 152
SFO is a hub for United Airlines and Virgin America. SFO is a major international gateway to Asia and	and	CCONJ	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
In the center of the equatorial room is the 1896 12 inch (300 mm) refractor telescope. Built	Built	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The best known role of proteins in the cell is as enzymes, which catalyse chemical reactions. Enzymes are	are	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
The beat did, too. " Matisyahu stated that after listening to It Was Written, " I connected	connected	VERB	with	ADP	 with
By October, Leaf speculated that the Chargers would release him after the season. Late that month, reports	reports	NOUN	suggested	VERB	 suggested
T.H.E.M. Anime Reviews claimed that it was in " fight / action scenes that Naruto receives is highest accolades "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Cameron and Clegg gave their first joint press conference in the Downing Street Rose Garden on the afternoon of 12	12	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
In the 2001 census of the population aged between 16 and 74, 11,580 (67%) were in	in	ADP	employment	NOUN	 employment
Insurance settlement from the damage caused at the riots allows the Stephanides to purchase a home away from the African	African	PROPN	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
On 18 February, the German Army relaunched the offensive, advancing further into Russian controlled territory and within a	a	DET	day	NOUN	 day
Willie Garson — who had appeared in the third season episode " The Walk " — was cast as Henry	Henry	PROPN	Weems	PROPN	 Weems
The population of Buenos Aires was said to have looked on silently with a combination of shame and hostility as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Aigler said that the harm done by athletics was almost nothing when compared to the evils caused by " common	common	ADJ	loafing	NOUN	 loafing
" A negative review for the song was given by Bernard Zuel of The Sydney Morning Herald who described it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
The single was certified 6 × Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song	song	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He also notes that the items of tribute were Buddhist artifacts which symbolized " the religious nature of the relationship	relationship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After several months of preparations, the initial edition was published in July 1933, under the title Poedjangga Baroe	Baroe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For this adaptation, Nigel Kneale himself was allowed to write the first draft of the screenplay, although subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	drafts	NOUN	 drafts
The Germans took both the airfield and Point 107 early on the morning of 21 May. The capture of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Therefore, outcomes relating to healthcare decisions within households will favour the men, due to greater self worth.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Similar results were found when comparing the e Golf with the Golf 1.6 TDI. The analysis considered recycling of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hitcham died the following year, leaving the castle and the manor to Pembroke College in Cambridge, with the	the	DET	proviso	NOUN	 proviso
" Breathe " was released on 16 March 1998 as the third single from Impossible Princess. It was her	her	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
The same critic also noted that Pajere, which drew inspiration from Byzantine settings, were more accomplished versions of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
He was subsequently rested for the fifth ODI, and ended the series as the most economical bowler, conceding	conceding	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Damage associated with the cyclone was generally minor, and only one life was lost when a boy fell into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The German government began a propaganda campaign during World War I to discredit the United Kingdom's currency in India	India	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
If the Communist rhetoric could be believed, " Lewis was a Fascist done up in brown. " Rose	Rose	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
With the recovery of Aristotle's works in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, Aristotle's views supplanted the earlier	earlier	ADJ	Platonism	NOUN	 Platonism
Heavy rains impacted most of southern Madras State, with a maximum daily total of 110 mm (4.3 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
The Arts and Crafts Exhibition of 1888 began a movement toward an idealised natural country garden style. The garden	garden	NOUN	designs	NOUN	 designs
She raised a girl, however, for three years and taught her how to paint. Once she became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Wolsey was an influential minister in the government of King Henry VIII. He fell from favour after failing to	to	PART	secure	VERB	 secure
As a result, no tropical depressions formed in June or July. Decreased wind shear in August allowed tropical	tropical	ADJ	waves	NOUN	 waves
Through the Armpit.net forums Sam offers this statement, adding that he will have surgery, following for rehabilitation.	.	PUNCT	Bass	NOUN	 Bass
The Swedish national team coach Billy Harris (a former NHL pro with the Toronto Maple Leafs) later recalled	recalled	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Whitson's Corners was named after the corner of Pleasantville and South State Roads, where John H. Whitson's	's	PART	house	NOUN	 house
If the second player does not have any cards of the same suit but has one or more trump cards	cards	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In late October 2014, it reached peak maximum sustained winds estimated between 205 km / h (125 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The SS90 was abandoned in 1994 in favor of the heavier and 2.7 mm (0.11 in) shorter SS190	SS190	PROPN	projectile	NOUN	 projectile
Examples of nucleoside analogues are aciclovir for Herpes simplex virus infections and lamivudine for HIV and Hepatitis B virus infections	infections	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Due to the freeway revolts of the 1960s, much of the proposed interstate highway system through the middle of	of	ADP	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Seals and sea otters are the only carnivores with two pairs of lower incisor teeth rather than three; the	the	DET	adult	NOUN	 adult
Johnny Krill, the leader of the Drasticals, corrects them for " sports " and lets them try to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Honey cake (lekach) is often served as dessert, accompanied by tea or coffee. Dishes cooked with	with	ADP	pomegranate	ADJ	 pomegranate
A limitation of the radial velocity method used to detect 55 Cancri f is that only a minimum mass can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The river between Grants Pass and Grave Creek has productive runs of summer and winter steelhead and Chinook, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
However, other aspects of the Chongqing model — in particular the egalitarian social policies, subsidized education and low	low	ADJ	income	NOUN	 income
In 1971 a further White Paper entitled Local Government in England: Government Proposals for Reorganisation (Cmnd 4584)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead compared the game's aesthetics to Pacific Rim and District 9. Reviewers thought Titanfall was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
His first revue, Success; or, a hit if you like it, was produced in 1825.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Championship leader Hamilton, who had led for most of the race, moved from first into third place following	following	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Japanese launched a counter attack as dusk fell, but this was repelled with heavy losses: the Australians	Australians	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
" It Girl " garnered mixed reviews from music critics. Describing it as " a catchy pop song with	with	ADP	major	ADJ	 major
Above the " retainers ' hall ", which was confined to the ground floor, was a room with	with	ADP	no	DET	 no
William Henry Maude, a partner in the company, occupied the house with his sister in 1871. He	He	PRON	died	VERB	 died
Another torpedo passed just ahead of Leipzig, nearly hitting the damaged cruiser. After safely returning to port in	in	ADP	Kiel	PROPN	 Kiel
In the 1946 elections, Republicans wrested control of both houses of Congress from the Democrats for the first time	time	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
And my family ’ s in it. " A 15 second preview of the project was released on April	April	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
Unlike in armadillos, the tibia and fibula are not inclined relative to each other, but about parallel.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The second part of Season 2 brings the announcement of the sex of Robyn and Kody's baby and the	the	DET	Browns	PROPN	 Browns
Adopting techniques that had been established during World War II, they worked 60 hours per week, running 5	5	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Television Infrared Observation Satellite (TIROS) indicated an area of disturbed weather with a weak surface circulation in the	the	DET	vicinity	NOUN	 vicinity
The distinctive claw, on the second digit of dromaeosaurids, has traditionally been depicted as a slashing weapon;	;	PUNCT	its	PRON	 its
For Lexie's sake, Grey agrees to donate part of her liver to him. Thereafter, she discovers	discovers	VERB	she	PRON	 she
A disastrous run of form followed, which was dragging Hibs into a relegation battle by the time he was	was	AUX	sacked	VERB	 sacked
Douglas's political enemies supported Breckinridge, and Buchanan reluctantly dispensed patronage to Breckinridge allies, further alienating Douglas.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
In the diffused lighting camouflage project, the Royal Canadian Navy experimented with variable counter illumination camouflage to match horizon	horizon	NOUN	light	NOUN	 light
Along with six captured motorboats and ten auxiliary vessels, they made up the riverine police force of the Croatian	Croatian	PROPN	state	NOUN	 state
The Doctor and his friends learn that the Thals and Mutos have prepared to detonate explosives to seal the Daleks	Daleks	PROPN	inside	ADP	 inside
The mouse breeds throughout the year, and raises its two or three young per litter in the nesting chambers	chambers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" In May 2010, it was reported that Sarsgaard will star in Chekhov's play Three Sisters. The	The	DET	production	NOUN	 production
In 1984 Cadw was formed as the historic environment service of the Welsh Government and took over the management of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
St Vincent sent him on to Toulon with a small force to reconnoitre French activities. Nelson passed through the	the	DET	Straits	PROPN	 Straits
The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace held its National Conference on International Problems and Relations at the Briarcliff Lodge from	from	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
In addition to his restaurants, Parker held the French food concession for the World's Fair. He invited	invited	VERB	Sarria	PROPN	 Sarria
In microeconomics, the PPF shows the options open to an individual, household, or firm in a two	two	NUM	good	ADJ	 good
Certain enemies must be disarmed in specific ways before they can be neutralized in combat: enemies with stun batons	batons	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Hay and Nicolay divided their responsibilities: Nicolay tending to assist Lincoln in his office and in meetings, while	while	SCONJ	Hay	PROPN	 Hay
Alex George then began preparing a formal description of the species. During his research, he discovered that Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	's	PART	's
Supporting the Sloo interests was not part of the instructions. The Mexican government was going through political and financial	financial	ADJ	turmoil	NOUN	 turmoil
The 61 districts oversee " all the ecclesial and sacerdotal activities " within their jurisdiction, which includes recommending ministers	ministers	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The soundtrack for the film is composed by Rahul Ranade and music director duo Ajit Parab and Sameer Mhatre,	,	PUNCT	popularly	ADV	 popularly
The band played arranged rock versions of Uematsu's Final Fantasy compositions. He has since performed with Earthbound Papas	Papas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The series follows the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the underwater city of	of	ADP	Bikini	PROPN	 Bikini
By 1985, construction was underway for the four lane divided bypass of Denton between MD 404 west of Denton	Denton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Grant has proclaimed in interviews that he does not listen to external views on his career: " They've	've	AUX	known	VERB	 known
In this episode, Mulder investigates a small town plagued by deaths in which the bodies are found covered in	in	ADP	cockroaches	NOUN	 cockroaches
" The Long and Winding Road " became a staple of McCartney's post Beatles concert repertoire. On the	the	DET	1976	NUM	 1976
No errors were allowed in transcription. All of the text messages were in the native language of the participants	participants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The crowd was stated in varying press accounts to be either 15,000, or 20,000. Noting that the game	game	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
During the return trip to Earth, Mattingly performed a one hour spacewalk to retrieve several film cassettes from the	the	DET	exterior	NOUN	 exterior
At the end of the season's first month, the team's offensive leaders were Utley (.355 batting	batting	NOUN	average	NOUN	 average
By 1955, the Brea Canyon Freeway was proposed to begin at the Santa Ana Freeway (I 5)	)	PUNCT	near	ADP	 near
As a freshman, Manning began the season as the third string quarterback. In the season opener against UCLA	UCLA	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She teased in a post on Instagram saying that the video would have many " surprise " guests. A	A	DET	number	NOUN	 number
The film's title was derived from the Shaivite saint Tirumular's poem Tirumantiram. In June 2002, Priyadarshan	Priyadarshan	PROPN	opted	VERB	 opted
Wind gradient can have a noticeable effect on ground launches, also known as winch launches or wire launches.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
The height of the building itself is 36 metres (118 ft), and the light is 102.6 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Eight minutes later Spee turned again to the east to give battle. This time his strategy was to close	close	VERB	the	DET	 the
The variety of objects found alongside the track suggest that it was in daily use as part of the farming	farming	NOUN	life	NOUN	 life
The acronym serpin was originally coined because the first serpins to be identified act on chymotrypsin like serine proteases (	(	PUNCT	serine	NOUN	serine
One of the guards comments: " I told you she didn't have a dick ", referring to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The 19th century poet Dante Gabriel Rossetti emphasised the benefits of Smart's madness and claimed that A Song	Song	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
According to Leo VI (Tactica, XIX.52), a crescent formation seems to have been the norm,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In 1870, during Sarmiento's presidency, total debt amounted to 48 million gold pesos. A year later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On 7 December 1992 David Bowen and Mark Azzopardi escaped from the prison van transferring them from HM Prison Hull	Hull	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Eventually, Gunslinger was released to mixed reviews, and, in 1993, was featured in a fifth season	season	NOUN	episode	NOUN	 episode
Barbados has produced few internationally popular musicians, with worldwide pop superstar Rihanna being the most famous. It has	has	AUX	however	ADV	 however
The Oxford coach Christine Wilson noted that " today the crews pushed each other to know the course and to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
Don Soto later recollects how he and his family took the young man in and made him part of their	their	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
In spite of good critical reception, the film did not perform very well at the box office, with	with	ADP	only	ADV	 only
DeChow had just counterattacked through the rear areas of the 24th Infantry to the vicinity of Haman. K and	and	CCONJ	B	PROPN	 B
Beloso, director of the Spanish Credit Bank in Madrid, was the owner of Coto de San Bernardo in	in	ADP	Óvila	PROPN	 Óvila
On 18 July, the Eighth Army commander, Lieutenant General Walton Walker, ordered General Dean to hold Taejon	Taejon	PROPN	until	ADP	 until
Chopin's harmonic innovations may have arisen partly from his keyboard improvisation technique. Temperley says that in his works	works	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
This expansion provoked repeated protests from Spain. Spain's push to regain sovereignty over Gibraltar was fuelled by the	the	DET	decolonisation	NOUN	 decolonisation
He served as Chief of the Air Staff, the RAAF's highest ranking position, from 1957 until 1961	1961	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After a period of dormancy, they reactivate and produce merozoites. Hypnozoites are responsible for long incubation and late	late	ADJ	relapses	NOUN	 relapses
Caen, a major objective, was still in German hands at the end of D Day and would not	not	PART	be	AUX	 be
Wisden judged his slow and loopy leg spin " a clever mixture of leg breaks and googlies ". However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Harris posted a 28 points as Michigan rallied from a two point halftime deficit to win by 20 against Penn	Penn	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
As mentioned above, the result of the " disruption of the power process " is the primary cause of	of	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
More Italianate structures are on the 400 block, but its most important structure is the 1907 Citizens National Bank	Bank	PROPN	Building	PROPN	 Building
Field Marshal Hugh Rose, 1st Baron Strathnairn, son of Sir George Henry Rose spent time living at the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
Also in 1917, the American Horse Shows Association, now the United States Equestrian Federation, formed and began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
Cortana is hampered by her advanced state of rampancy, a state where an AI literally thinks itself to death	death	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sometimes, banded sugar ant colonies form small mounds, which are less than 20 cm (8 in)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
He eventually selected a voice similar to that of Paul Winchell's from the cartoon. Azaria disliked the cartoon	cartoon	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
During its operational life two of the Cabinet War Rooms were of particular importance. Once operational, the facility	facility	NOUN	's	PART	's
Wilberforce was heartbroken to be separated from his aunt and uncle. His family opposed a return to Hull Grammar	Grammar	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
A Certificate of Freedom would only be granted at the end of a sentence. Misbehaviour would result in demotion	demotion	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
The NTSB were unable to determine how much ice had built up on the wings following the second deicing,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Two days later, Chunuk Bair, now held by British units, was lost to the Turks. With	With	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1999 the CEO of British Airways, Bob Ayling, announced that all BA planes would adopt the tailfin	tailfin	NOUN	design	NOUN	 design
The romance event tree in 2 was written by Patrick Weekes. Mass Effect 2 lead writer Mac Walters commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Switzerland will buy 5.5 billion cubic meters of Iranian natural gas each year, beginning in 2011. In April	April	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
Among those 32 main generators, 14 are installed in the north side of the dam, 12 in the	the	DET	south	ADJ	 south
The 1,351 ton British merchant vessel Darino went to the bottom on the 19th. The last enemy vessel to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
" Lauren Le Vine of Refinery29 appreciated the success of the family which " achieved the American dream of making	making	VERB	something	PRON	 something
In the end, Alicia killed 22 people and caused $2 billion (1983 US $) in damage	damage	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Casamassina stated that tennis was one of the more enjoyable games, but the lack of movement control was a	a	DET	detractor	NOUN	 detractor
The castle complex continued to thrive, however, and on Thomas ' death in 1338 the castle passed first	first	ADV	to	ADP	 to
In the weeks and months after the passage of Sudal, water temperatures around Yap decreased from 30° C	C	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The first issue was released November 26, 2002, with a January 2003 cover date. It premiered with	with	ADP	five	NUM	 five
In 1918 Boult conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in a series of concerts that included important recent British works.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
Following his retirement, Killebrew was a television broadcaster for the Twins at WTCN TV from 1976 to 1978,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The leaders of the National Political Union ignored this proclamation, but leaders of the influential Birmingham branch decided to	to	PART	co	VERB	 co
" Erin Martell from TV Squad picked the Others as one of her season three highlights, partly due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another Danish club, Aalborg, awaited in the next round. Both matches finished 2 – 0 to the	the	DET	home	NOUN	 home
Despite the dominance of agriculture, there was a growing service industry; Sale and Ashton upon Mersey experienced a	a	DET	growth	NOUN	 growth
Meyer played 105 games in 1976 for the Tigers. On the year, he batted.252 with 37 runs scored	scored	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
It moved to the south, and was last monitored on June 15. A tropical disturbance is named when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
At nearby Krumbach, where the Austrians also had the superiority of position and force, the 1st Demi brigade	brigade	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
The rest of the houses got indoor plumbing, new basements, improved woodwork and porches added on. Additionally	Additionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It is a bit unsettling, particularly when Jackson spits out this line: ' Who gave you the right	right	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" Capital's switchboard was jammed with callers wanting to know when the song was going to be released –	–	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
In 1979, Bernard Pomerance's play about Merrick called The Elephant Man debuted, and David Lynch's film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The inscriptions in temple from the Vijayanagara kings indicate emphasis on administrative matters and local concerns, which contrasts the	the	DET	inscriptions	NOUN	 inscriptions
He performed sociological field research in Philadelphia's African American neighborhoods, which formed the foundation for his landmark study	study	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This meeting prompted him to stay for two weeks in Dresden, when he had previously intended to return to	to	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Snowball, also known as Snowball I, was the Simpsons ' first cat. She was first mentioned in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Blue Line included the Flers trench network. The final objective was the Grove Alley trench complex, designated	designated	VERB	Red	PROPN	 Red
The National Park Service was required to build their own access road for the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore in the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
These designs were carried over to the following New Orleans class, of which several Portland cruisers were converted to	to	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
The route continues on, meeting the Southern Tier Expressway (STE) at exit 46. The composition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He often wears loud shirts, and his various schemes have included marketing defective half ping pong balls (as	as	ADP	'	PUNCT	 '
You see the fear. " Gilsig commented that viewers had been wondering why Will was taking so long to	to	PART	discover	VERB	 discover
They are due to copper deposition in Descemet's membrane. They do not occur in all people with Wilson	Wilson	PROPN	's	PART	's
In Luke, Mary and the other women meet two angels, and the eleven disciples do not believe their	their	PRON	story	NOUN	 story
Hoffman's childhood passion was sports, particularly wrestling and baseball, but at age 12 he saw a stage	stage	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
She then returned to Talcahuano to complete her repairs. On 4 September, she departed and steamed down to	to	ADP	Punta	PROPN	 Punta
Student present to the faculty of their major department twice a year in a " proficiency review " to assess	assess	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Several of Harvey Milk's friends monitored and attempted to hold back the crowd, including former lover Scott Smith	Smith	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the four years preceding the exhumation, Croatian authorities collected ante mortem information on presumed victims, built a	a	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
The album's lead single, " Dip It Low ", became Milian's most successful to date;	;	PUNCT	peaking	VERB	 peaking
On the funeral evening, a scheduled performance of The Bartered Bride at the National Theatre was allowed to proceed	proceed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
And this is an effort to kind of calm that effect, and to bring some neutrality and some quality	quality	NOUN	back	ADV	 back
U 2 was commissioned in June 1911 and served as a training boat for the Austro Hungarian Navy through 1914	1914	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The honey fungus Armillaria luteobubalina has killed plants in Torndirrup National Park, and aerial canker (Zythiostroma) has	has	AUX	decimated	VERB	 decimated
Surrounding this arch is a molding that forms a rectangular outer frame. This is the first mihrab in Egypt	Egypt	PROPN	to	PART	 to
In a scene in the episode, Homer and Bart exit the Magic Palace's gift shop, only to	to	PART	end	VERB	 end
Some of the scenes are simply hilarious. " In his 2013 book, Bollywood Nation: India through Its	Its	PRON	Cinema	PROPN	 Cinema
Slipknot is considered to be heavy metal, nu metal and alternative metal, and expresses moods such as depression	depression	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Another memorial was built at his birthplace in Niles under the auspices of the National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Association (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
The schooner rig was intended to provid an auxiliary method of propulsion if the ship's engines broke down;	;	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
They were approved by Director Roberts on July 1. This did not put an end to the wrangles over	over	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The capsid is made of many smaller, identical protein molecules which are called capsomers. The arrangement of the	the	DET	capsomers	NOUN	 capsomers
This offensive had limited tank support and was directed against extensive Soviet defenses. After meeting determined resistance from the	the	DET	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
Oxford initially had just two Blues available to them in the Oxford University Boat Club president F. O. Wethered and	and	CCONJ	Hector	PROPN	 Hector
Other South Slavic peoples have similar traditions, and the custom that a family brings a log into the house	house	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A Nashville newspaper declared its support for him as early as 1846. A Democratic senator from Rhode Island opined	opined	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The port is the closest marine terminal to the fields, at a distance of 240 kilometres (150 mi	mi	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
When Egbert died in 839, Æthelwulf succeeded him; the southeastern kingdoms were finally absorbed into the kingdom of	of	ADP	Wessex	PROPN	 Wessex
That's part of the whole fabric of how a city is bound together. " According to Nolan,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
This ruling came after Webber served 330 hours of public service and accumulated $78,000 of related out of pocket	pocket	NOUN	expenses	NOUN	 expenses
Journalist Henry Aubin in the Montreal Gazette opined that the council's rejection of Somerville, her personal opposition to	to	ADP	same	ADJ	 same
Shelley Fralic of The Vancouver Sun called it fascinating and surprising and was impressed with the sensible and articulate way	way	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Baroness Lehzen died in Bückeburg on 9 September 1870, where she is buried in Jetenburger cemetery. Queen	Queen	PROPN	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
" Lose My Breath " was also successful in different European charts. On the UK Singles Chart, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The 19th century industrial revolution opened up mass markets leading to further expansion of the industry, particularly beginning in	in	ADP	1850	NUM	 1850
In an interview in the January 1962 issue of Harper's, Fischer was quoted as saying, " I	I	PRON	read	VERB	 read
Dartmouth students protested by tearing down and burning the rebuilt fence; the town responded by threatening to reopen Main	Main	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
In 1997, there was a controversial change from the use of the former British Airways branding (which incorporated	incorporated	VERB	stylised	ADJ	 stylised
There are three general types of low back pain by cause: mechanical back pain (including nonspecific musculoskeletal strains	strains	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the fight, Lois picks up a Legion ring that falls out of Clark's desk and is instantly	instantly	ADV	transported	VERB	 transported
In exchange for his testimony, Javier requests electricity in his neighborhood so the kids can play baseball at night	night	NOUN	rather	ADV	 rather
The modern English alphabet contains 26 letters of the Latin script: a, b, c, d,	,	PUNCT	e	PROPN	 e
It features text based gameplay with minimal graphics and sound effects, and was scored by composer Yasunori Mitsuda.	.	PUNCT	Unlike	ADP	 Unlike
In 1157, the then Abbot of Battle, Walter de Lucy, brother of Richard de Luci the Chief	Chief	PROPN	Justiciar	PROPN	 Justiciar
The film stars William Garwood and is the debut of Marguerite Snow. The film focuses on a female seminary	seminary	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
At first, they built the drums and the string parts that of the introduction and verses. Tompkins started	started	VERB	playing	VERB	 playing
Edward, the Black Prince carried out extensive work at Caernarfon after he took over control of the fortification in	in	ADP	1343	NUM	 1343
Other episodes were ensemble farces, predominantly including the couple's friends Robert (Paul Raffield) and Tracy (	(	PUNCT	Tracie	PROPN	Tracie
In Plans and the Structure of Behavior, Miller and his co authors tried to explain through an artificial intelligence	intelligence	NOUN	computational	ADJ	 computational
The gameplay difficulty was designed to be adjustable to tempt new players to try out the Shin Megami Tensei series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Several species of butterflies need more sodium than that provided by nectar and are attracted by sodium in salt;	;	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Shaft representative director and president Mitsutoshi Kubota later confirmed in an interview in Newtype that the concept film will launch	launch	VERB	a	DET	 a
The literal meaning of the title can be translated as " Paint me with the colours of spring. "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Over 20 post season games, Glass recorded no points and 18 penalty minutes. Set to become an unrestricted	unrestricted	ADJ	free	ADJ	 free
Bradley Smith has sought other avenues to promote Holocaust denial – with little success. On September 8, 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The other three endings are only available in replay games, including " Rebirth ", in which James plans	plans	VERB	to	PART	 to
This error was corrected by late 2001. The North Shore Towers complex has a self generating power plant that	that	PRON	produces	VERB	 produces
In October 1897, a brief illness triggered considerations of mortality and " the futility of all human endeavour "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
On February 13, 1990 after being advised by United States Secretary of the Treasury Nicholas F. Brady, the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Pitcher Tom Browning earned the win for Cincinnati, as the game ended at a score of 8 – 3	3	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Dragon Quest series features several recurring monsters, including Slimes, Drackies, Skeletons, Shadows, Mummies,	,	PUNCT	Trick	PROPN	 Trick
During his second long stay in Germany, from October 1838 to March 1839, he played his Fourth Piano	Piano	PROPN	Concerto	PROPN	 Concerto
The award was granted posthumously for Cherry's actions during an attack on the French village of Lagnicourt which was	was	AUX	strongly	ADV	 strongly
The tower acts as a support structure for an antenna. Originally intended for television broadcasting, radio antennas were	were	AUX	installed	VERB	 installed
An exception to this is the northern elephant seal, which feeds on fish at great depths in the open	open	ADJ	ocean	NOUN	 ocean
The former is a cover album mainly focusing on Samuel E. Wright as Sebastian, with Ariel providing supporting vocals	vocals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The school " marched " from the old school building to the new and began using it on October 21	21	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The album debuted at number one in 32 countries, and its worldwide hit single, " Beautiful Day "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The couple had eloped on Valentine's Day 1913, and married in a civil ceremony in Jersey City,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
The episode was part of the network's " Fox Rocks " campaign, in which musical elements were incorporated	incorporated	VERB	into	ADP	 into
With only a few minutes remaining on the clock, Cardiff won a corner kick and from the cross,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A consolidated metropolitan " unicity " government was established on 27 July 1971, taking effect in 1972. The	The	DET	City	PROPN	 City
The group used feedback as part of their guitar sound, both live and in the studio. In 1967	1967	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Victory at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314 proved the Scots had regained control of their kingdom. In 1315	1315	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He signed for AFC Fylde in February 2012 to work with Dave Challinor again, but was released at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
In 1881, a tramway with horse drawn tramcars was opened between Stalybridge and Audenshaw, through Ashton under Lyne	Lyne	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Pilliero also stated that the Crossroads (2002) reference " [i] s a fun Easter egg for	for	ADP	fans	NOUN	 fans
His starts throughout the season were mixed; some were poor or marred by bad luck. He was shelled	shelled	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He placed on both voting bodies ' All Conference first teams, and was named to the coaches ' All	All	DET	SEC	PROPN	 SEC
, pt. II, no. 79a], London: Hakluyt Society, ISBN 978 0 8337 1759	1759	NUM	7	NUM	 7
The Arabs also began to manufacture silk during this same time. As a result of the spread of sericulture	sericulture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Anime Classics Zettai!: 100 Must See Japanese Animation Masterpieces praised the character as the best villain of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Described as Apogee's president and chief engineer, he said, " digital is finally living up to the	the	DET	warm	ADJ	 warm
Especially praised were the actors ' performances. Padalecki " totally stepped up to the plate and knocked one out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The other two rooms to the left were used to house staff or storage. The first was floor was	was	AUX	accessed	VERB	 accessed
They are made up of two parallel walls, which include the Petty Western Tower, the remnants of the	the	DET	Black	PROPN	 Black
Hundreds of thousands of Republicans fled abroad, with some 500,000 fleeing to France. Refugees were confined in internment	internment	NOUN	camps	NOUN	 camps
Wondering why he was there, Stead later used this encounter as " the anchor as she wrote When You	You	PRON	Reach	VERB	 Reach
The duo aimed for a darker and more realistic tone, with humanity and realism being the basis of the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The B & O gave up on competing with the Pennsylvania Railroad into New York, discontinuing all passenger service	service	NOUN	north	ADV	 north
She made her first title defense on December 11 at Final Resolution, defeating Mickie James following interference from Madison	Madison	PROPN	Rayne	PROPN	 Rayne
It ultimately peaked at number 18 on the Billboard 200 and sold over three million copies in the United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He further added that Muse " gets the surface details right but lacks the emotional and intellectual foundation to get	get	VERB	at	ADP	 at
These were mostly termed as soundtracks although many of them were not related to the film. After the shooting	shooting	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
That same month, all four original band members performed during the ceremony for their induction into the Georgia Music	Music	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
In contrast to SS members from other countries, who were grouped into either the Germanic SS or the Foreign	Foreign	PROPN	Legions	PROPN	 Legions
The lyrics closely follow the narrative of the film rather than focusing on romanticism. According to Epworth, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
At that time the grounds comprised 110 acres, with 5 acres of water, which would have included parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After this, they were directed round to the entrance and joined a party of other visitors. After touring	touring	VERB	the	DET	 the
When the state highway system was originally signed in 1919, M 99 was designated on a road between the	the	DET	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
A portion of the original bombing range is now the Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) which is	is	AUX	used	VERB	 used
On May 27, 2016, Granderson hit a walk off home run against the Los Angeles Dodgers. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
By 1865 the peak of the rush was over and the diggings had been found not as rich as previously	previously	ADV	believed	VERB	 believed
Despite this informality, the operations prospered. Starting in 1904, the trail was improved and upgraded. In	In	ADP	1907	NUM	 1907
The park consists of 200 acres of land, of which 90 acres were previously part of the Pomeroy estate	estate	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
On March 11, Okafor was ruled out for the rest of the season after tests revealed that he had	had	AUX	sustained	VERB	 sustained
Her crew numbered 105 officers and enlisted men. Peyk i Şevket's primary offensive armament was her three 450	450	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
Two additional torpedoes from U 275 rocked the ship, and it rapidly sank, stern first. She took	took	VERB	98	NUM	 98
The thrips species Gynaikothrips australis feeds on the underside of new leaves of F. obliqua, as well as F.	F.	PROPN	rubiginosa	PROPN	 rubiginosa
Throughout the campus, numerous fountains provide white noise as a background. The initial design has remained intact;	;	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
Also, masons had to be hired since the local peasantry proved inadequate for the level of sophistication that brick	brick	NOUN	constructions	NOUN	 constructions
She was given credit for 1,293 days of pretrial confinement, including 112 days for her treatment at Quantico,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Ericsson and colleagues have argued that deliberate practice is sufficient for reaching high levels of expertise in chess. Recent	Recent	ADJ	research	NOUN	 research
She could accommodate up to 1,114 passengers in three classes: 344 in first class, 210 in second class	class	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Colonel Jack Broughton, an F 105 pilot in Vietnam, noted the demands of flying close to Hanoi gave	gave	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The authenticity of the White Horse Prophecy is debated. It was never made public during Smith's lifetime,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In his correspondence, Newton claimed that in writing the Principia " I had an eye upon such Principles as	as	SCONJ	might	AUX	 might
The phoronids feed with a lophophore, burrow or encrust on surfaces, and build three layered tubes made of	of	ADP	polysaccharide	ADJ	 polysaccharide
As a result of the new appointments, the court backlog was significantly reduced – the court processed 1,700 cases	cases	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The ship fired twenty one 30.5 cm and thirty seven 15 cm shells in the span of five or six	six	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Expressing this sentiment, one Opus Dei member, Cardinal Julián Herranz, stated " Opus Dei has become a	a	DET	victim	NOUN	 victim
The group initially revolved around Michael Ancher and his wife to be Anna, the only member of the group	group	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
As part of his overarching effort to understand the unique development of the Western world, Weber produced a detailed	detailed	ADJ	general	ADJ	 general
That left Brown as the only Ivy League school never to have been ranked in the AP Poll and left	left	VERB	only	ADV	 only
The prosecution had presented five Indian witnesses who stated that Spotted Tail was ambushed, and some witnesses stated he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Several ectoparasites which can affect both survival and reproductive fitness have been found on the yellow faced honeyeater; the	the	DET	mites	NOUN	 mites
The Australians suffered two killed and seven wounded, including King, who was lightly wounded. The company established	established	VERB	a	DET	 a
" The Palm Beach Post's Kevin D. Thompson wrote that Shannon's performance " displays why she should have	have	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In 1571 the Ottomans designated the city as part of the newly conquered province of Cyprus. The conquest further	further	ADV	diminished	VERB	 diminished
" He later felt the album was not progressive as he had wished: " I'm thinking, '	'	PUNCT	Why	SCONJ	 Why
Those accustomed to making repairs on solid state equipment are cautioned that vacuum tube gear contain potentially lethal voltages.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After Smith's teammate Jack Clark hit a late inning home run of his own in Game 6 to defeat	defeat	VERB	the	DET	 the
Arsenal failed to clear substitute McAllister's free kick, and Owen pounced with a right foot finish past Seaman	Seaman	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Despite this, the Victorian selectors persisted with him for every match of the season. Harvey was overlooked for	for	ADP	selection	NOUN	 selection
The paper ticket technology is identical to the Washington Metro's paper fare card, though the BART system does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
New Hampshire was particularly active in the Caribbean during this period, as several countries, including Haiti, the	the	DET	Dominican	PROPN	 Dominican
However, in 2008 BAE Systems merged its Surface Fleet arm with the shipbuilding operations of VT Group to form	form	VERB	BVT	PROPN	 BVT
Even in the handful of cases that Merck lost at trial, such as the $253 million verdict in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After civilians reported that no Japanese were stationed on the Hamilton peninsula which formed the western side of Victoria Harbour	Harbour	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nojima and Nomura felt that it was a good opportunity to expand upon the universe of X. They opted for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Immediately, Mootz's rain powers seem to disappear. It is revealed that Holman Hardt is actually the one	one	NOUN	controlling	VERB	 controlling
Registered users can read and post tweets, but those who are unregistered can only read them. Users access	access	VERB	Twitter	PROPN	 Twitter
He accepts her challenge, which results in the creation of a self aware hologram of Professor Moriarty (Daniel	Daniel	PROPN	Davis	PROPN	 Davis
In spring 593, Priscus was re appointed in command as commander of the cavalry in Thrace, with Gentzon	Gentzon	PROPN	leading	VERB	 leading
The special contained extensive behind the scenes footage from the filming in Hungary, Japan, and Korea, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
After the War, most of the young men left the island, and the population fell from 73 in	in	ADP	1920	NUM	 1920
International passenger traffic decreased from magnitude of 20,000 in a year in late 2000s to 5,000 in a year in	in	ADP	2010s	NUM	 2010s
The length and origin these eruptions has also varied. Events last anywhere between days and years, and occur	occur	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Using a broad definition of the genre, Dave Thompson in his book Alternative Rock cites the formation of the	the	DET	Sex	PROPN	 Sex
From late 2009 to early 2011, Dover served as the Technical / Coach Advisor for the Canadian national dressage	dressage	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
" Critic Dave Marsh called it " the perfect album for Van: he does everything... so incredibly well	well	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
He asks if Wilkes would have recognized a genuine Catholic Mass, even if he saw it himself and even	even	ADV	if	SCONJ	 if
He also didn't seem to have lost any speed. " During the 1978 NFL season, Volk appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The result was disappointing; as the Enterprise grew larger the streaks became distorted and out of place. Mullen	Mullen	PROPN	rejected	VERB	 rejected
He entered the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland in 1918, and eventually graduated 48th out of 539 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The UNESCO World Heritage Site encompassing the hill and the royal city at its peak extends over a surface area	area	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2002, the US Bureau of Land Management designated 32,745 acres (132.51 km2) in the Eldorado Mountains	Mountains	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
" Bound 2 " received general acclaim from music critics, who referred to the song as one of the	the	DET	highlights	NOUN	 highlights
On 19 September, Arkansas entered the Puget Sound Navy Yard for a general overhaul. She returned to the	the	DET	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Vaizey put Neill's Summerhill in a disappearing lineage of post World War I experimental schools that focused on freedom	freedom	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
They exacted harsh terms: in the Treaty of Vienna (1731), Great Britain demanded that Austria abolish	abolish	VERB	the	DET	 the
Unlike the formal language used in traditional literature, Joehana wrote in everyday Sundanese. The grammar and structure shows	shows	VERB	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Archduke Charles, brother of the Austrian Emperor, had started to reform the Austrian army in 1801 by taking	taking	VERB	away	ADP	 away
Pedra Branca was known to sailors for centuries. It was originally within the territory of the Johor Sultanate,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The following day, the King suffered several heart attacks, but refused to go to bed, saying,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
After Ray Price recorded Nelson's " Night Life ", and his previous bassist Johnny Paycheck quit, Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	joined	VERB	 joined
Tweedy liked how O'Rourke's music was varied and " not easily categorized ". According to Tweedy: Tweedy	Tweedy	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
English word order has moved from the Germanic verb second (V2) word order to being almost exclusively subject	subject	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
Colin Gordon Calloway, Our Hearts Fell to the Ground: Plains Indian Views of How the West was Lost	Lost	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
By mid September, the NK 7th Division was reduced to just 4,000 men, a loss of 6,000 from	from	ADP	when	SCONJ	 when
A drafted player, either an international draftee or a college draftee who is not signed by the team that	that	PRON	drafted	VERB	 drafted
Based in Toledo, Ohio, the Maroons were an independent team but became part of the APFA in 1922	1922	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
James Spotila et al. (1991) concludes that the large body size of sauropods would have made them	them	PRON	unable	ADJ	 unable
Urania Cabral and her father Agustín Cabral appear in both the modern day and historical portions of the novel.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
DX played various sophomoric jokes on The Spirit Squad and the McMahons, as well as defeating The Spirit Squad	Squad	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Another condition was the " firewalling " of former British Aerospace and MES teams on defence projects such as the	the	DET	Joint	PROPN	 Joint
Animation historian Michael Barrier describes this section of the film as being " much grimmer than Crumb's stories past	past	ADP	that	DET	 that
It is 111.9 feet (34.1 m) long and is situated in Moosic. Another bridge of the same	same	ADJ	type	NOUN	 type
All of the original actors save for the lead role of Mick St. John were recast in June 2007:	:	PUNCT	Shannon	PROPN	 Shannon
Fellow academic Jeremy Black noted the connection between Draco and World War II; Draco wears the King's medal	medal	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
By 2013 Scotland Yard were focusing on the theory that Madeleine was taken during a burglary gone wrong. There	There	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Some such as Lascelles were burnt at the stake. However, powerful reform minded nobles Edward Seymour and John	John	PROPN	Dudley	PROPN	 Dudley
In 2004 and 2005, respectively, the band released, under Endtime Productions, the EP Det tapte liv	liv	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The average ticket price for the secondary market ($375.89) as well as the final show ($	$	SYM	195.80	NUM	195.80
In December 2011, it was revealed that Mega Brands had the rights to produce construction sets. A Marvel	Marvel	PROPN	Select	PROPN	 Select
To familiarize himself with the process, Andreev observed various 120 Hz television sets that incorporated two frames in producing	producing	VERB	an	DET	 an
Three incentive mechanisms are often used in combination as investment subsidies: the authorities refund part of the cost of	of	ADP	installation	NOUN	 installation
Furry conventions sometimes start out as furmeets, where groups of local fans meet at a regular location, often	often	ADV	on	ADP	 on
From the inception of the NFLPA, its members were divided over whether it should act as a professional association	association	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Meanwhile, L Dubba E tells his gang members to also take guns to the final match. At the	the	DET	venue	NOUN	 venue
Three two digit Interstate highways serve Cleveland directly. Interstate 71 begins just southwest of downtown and is the major	major	ADJ	route	NOUN	 route
" The Girl Is Mine " reached number one on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. The song charted	charted	VERB	at	ADP	 at
He described the revelation of such power as " a great rift of light. " For Haywood, industrial	industrial	ADJ	union	NOUN	 union
She talks with a lawyer, who tells her that since she invited Paul into her house, she can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
Wallhead soon turned professional and on 30 April 2005, he made his debut at Cage Warriors: Ultimate Force	Force	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The black dogfish is a common species, with a wide but discontinuous distribution in the temperate waters of the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Both of Wollstonecraft's novels criticize what she viewed as the patriarchal institution of marriage and its deleterious effects on	on	ADP	women	NOUN	 women
In October 1941, six airmen of No. 11 EFTS were court martialled for mutiny. Their main grievance	grievance	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Above the basilica, either on a parapet or tower, was a place from which a trumpet or ram	ram	VERB	's	PART	's
It may be a variant of the word Molch ' salamander '. The olm's body is snakelike,	,	PUNCT	20	NUM	 20
Before the split Stratton had set up Berkeley's first psychology lab in the philosophy department and taught psychology courses	courses	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont. Themistocles therefore suggested a second strategy	strategy	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The left flank of the square now came under fire from a heavy formation of British skirmishers, the chasseurs	chasseurs	NOUN	drove	VERB	 drove
During the tour, O'Reilly developed his leg trap; the opening batsmen Jack Fingleton and Bill Brown were used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Ten's musical style, influenced by classic rock, combined an " expansive harmonic vocabulary " with an anthemic	anthemic	ADJ	sound	NOUN	 sound
Puck and Shelby's kiss in the " Pot o ' Gold " episode was characterized as " creepy "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2007, Raimi expressed interest in portraying the transformation of Dr. Curt Connors into his villainous alter ego,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" The Nationals announced that Strasburg would be scheduled to make his final start on September 12 and would be	be	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
Major British newspapers such as the Daily Mail, the Daily Mirror and The Daily Telegraph were invited to the	the	DET	dinner	NOUN	 dinner
The crew returns armed, but is too late as Kong takes Ann and flees into the jungle. Ann	Ann	PROPN	gradually	ADV	 gradually
The Grately code included a provision that there was to be only one coinage across the king's dominion.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
" Brown also suggested to the International Astronomical Union's (IAU) Minor Planet Center that any future objects	objects	NOUN	discovered	VERB	 discovered
There was a viaduct over the Fiddich of two spans, and there were three intermediate stations: Earlsmill (	(	PUNCT	renamed	VERB	renamed
Being in cold iron, De Soto could not immediately move, but Capt. Walker did send his boats	boats	NOUN	ashore	ADV	 ashore
In March 1987 then former State Senator Edward Nedza, Berrios ' mentor, was indicted in a federal investigation	investigation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Many of these styles are therefore considered " pre war styles ", although some of these teachers continued to	to	PART	train	VERB	 train
It is Balaguer who guides much of the action in the last sections of the book. The storyline concerning	concerning	VERB	the	DET	 the
The former specializes in Italian cuisine, while the latter serves Arabic food. For the local population, popular	popular	ADJ	restaurants	NOUN	 restaurants
" In a retrospective review, Jezebel's Irin Carmon called the film " the greatest movie of all time	time	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
On December 4, 2013, The Fast and the Furious team released a tribute video to Paul Walker after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Aldo Janotti considered Paraná, alongside Vasconcelos, responsible for the maintenance of Brazilian unity and preventing its territorial dismemberment	dismemberment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These problems also reduced her steam output so that she was unable to attain her designed speed. Captain Irvine	Irvine	PROPN	Glennie	PROPN	 Glennie
Described by the official history of the post war RAAF as second only to the General Dynamics F 111C as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, immunity can not be claimed when a member is found committing a criminal offence and the Parliament also	also	ADV	has	VERB	 has
Thus, law enforcement officers are sometimes hesitant to investigate cases because of the differences in age of consent.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In January 1980, Michael Stipe met Peter Buck in Wuxtry Records, the Athens record store where Buck worked	worked	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Undeterred, she continues to use fur in photo spreads, saying there's always a way to wear it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Earp was in charge of collecting license fees for Lamar, which funded local schools, and he was accused	accused	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Light on the gore and heavy on the drama — just how I like my Sunday night zombie adventures.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Post impact mixing of the vaporized material between the forming Earth and Moon could have equalized their isotopic compositions,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
However, Croatia agreed that UNPROFOR and ECMM monitors would continue to be present in the pink zones when Croatia	Croatia	PROPN	assumed	VERB	 assumed
In 2004, it was estimated that 4.5% of the GDP is spent for education, while schooling expectancy	expectancy	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The motorway initially reopened at the end of 1994, but it was soon closed again due to security issues	issues	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 13 May, the Spanish cavalry attached to Colborne's brigade came into contact with the French force and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Venus, with an orbit inclined by 3.4° relative to the Earth's, usually appears to pass under	under	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
Edward's preference for bold offensive tactics would dictate the Yorkist plan of action for this engagement. The Yorkists	Yorkists	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
In 1901, Catalan anarchist and free thinker Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia established " modern " or progressive schools in	in	ADP	Barcelona	PROPN	 Barcelona
They hired as agent a young Hanoverian physician, Justus Erich Bollmann, who acquired an assistant, a South	South	ADJ	Carolinian	ADJ	 Carolinian
Ed asks for protection before telling him, and attacks Michael when he is distracted. During the struggle Michael	Michael	PROPN	kills	VERB	 kills
The book was described as sociobiology. The Empathic Civilization was contrasted to the book Crisis Economics by Nouriel Roubini	Roubini	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Additionally, in the last scene of the episode, Scully wakes up in a coughing fit at 2:	:	PUNCT	08AM	NUM	 08AM
" Even more word orders can be obtained through the phenomenon of subject copy. In subject copy, the	the	DET	subject	NOUN	 subject
Playford became a pastor there, built a property at Mitcham, and preached regularly for his own ' Christian	Christian	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
Moreover, a peak rainfall total of 1,752 mm (69.0 in) was measured in Commerson, 1,296 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The German newspapers were among the many from across Europe that attacked Schumacher. Bild said " Schumacher was to	to	PART	blame	VERB	 blame
As an actor, I found some of it to be a little silly. " Accordingly, Manners helped	helped	VERB	Patrick	PROPN	 Patrick
Ewondo who learned German were highly favoured in the early days of the colonial regime. Station commander Hans Dominik	Dominik	PROPN	sent	VERB	 sent
Burns is seriously injured and becomes reliant on Smithers once again. In gratitude, Smithers sends Homer a fruit	fruit	NOUN	basket	NOUN	 basket
After the bout he announced his hope of competing at the 2012 Olympics in London, saying, " It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The Human Resources and Research and Development buildings were originally constructed around 1912 by the MacKay Copper Process Company.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The next component in an atomic line filter is the vapor cell; this is common to all atomic line	line	NOUN	filters	NOUN	 filters
The films and the sequel were also licensed by Bandai. The manga and light novels as well as the	the	DET	spin	NOUN	 spin
In retrospective reviews, Pitchfork Media wrote that " Slug " is the high point of the album, featuring	featuring	VERB	a	DET	 a
There is a relative balance between the Democratic and Republican parties, a change from the predominantly single party politics	politics	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In his first season in charge he led the club to the Division One South championship and promotion to the	the	DET	Isthmian	PROPN	 Isthmian
The highway travels amidst a neighborhood of cottages as it heads east, with side streets radiating from it.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
The similarity between this charter and another granted to the priory by his son, Domnall, may be evidence	evidence	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
In September, a slightly modified variation of the menu was taken national during one of the largest menu expansions	expansions	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Principal Skinner declares him the winner, but Bart wakes up realizing it was Lisa messing with him. At	At	ADP	breakfast	NOUN	 breakfast
The Polish victory infuriated the Soviets, leading to dozens of arrests and several executions among those connected to the	the	DET	Lit	PROPN	 Lit
Philosophers such as Slavoj Žižek, Alain de Botton, and Alexander Bard and Jan Söderqvist, have all argued	argued	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The book became extremely popular and inspired a great deal of tourism, which happened to coincide with the opening	opening	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Idealists are not faced with explaining how minds arise from bodies: rather, the world, bodies and objects	objects	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Other sports teams include the London Silver Dolphins Swim Team, the Forest City Volleyball Club, London Cricket Club	Club	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Oh No, Not Them!, in Mirkin's words, " tested through the floor " because it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The deal was reportedly worth $300,000. He registered 18 goals and 50 points in 47 games, but	but	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Several critics theorized about the effects of the shift from scarcity to abundance of written material in the media as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1940, the top 11 m (36 ft) of the mountain collapsed, reducing the height to	to	ADP	2,085	NUM	 2,085
Dumont commented that many of the effects came from being unfamiliar with the equipment and " just twiddling knobs "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
(5) The fame of the prior mark (sales, advertising, length of use). (	(	PUNCT	6	X	6
No. 350 Squadron alone claimed 51 " kills " between its formation in November 1941 and the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The objects must therefore have been extremely compact, leaving black holes as the most plausible interpretation. More importantly	importantly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On 28 November, he scored away at Wigan Athletic in a 2 – 0 win for City. On	On	ADP	13	NUM	 13
Government offices began moving out as well, precipitating the economic decline of the Downtown Triangle in the 1970s.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Much of the land in the Nescopeck Creek's watershed is forest. Farmland is common in the lower portions	portions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She later attempted to impress music producer Timbaland by performing a song she claimed to have composed herself, looking	looking	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Hershiser had been drafted by Dodgers in the 17th round of the 1979 MLB draft with the 440th overall selection	selection	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, he chose to join Liverpool, who paid Leeds a £750,000 fee for him, in January	January	PROPN	2005	NUM	 2005
These food storage workers are called repletes. For instance, these replete workers develop in the North American honeypot	honeypot	NOUN	ant	NOUN	 ant
, " the lyrics to which were written by Leslie Bricusse, but Donner disliked it and changed it to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
For his performance, USA Today named him a member of its All USA High School Baseball Team, and	and	CCONJ	Baseball	PROPN	 Baseball
The Neolithic brought the first settled agricultural communities; their founders migrated from the Danube River area (from 5500	5500	NUM	BCE	PROPN	 BCE
In the story, a giant man eating great white shark attacks beachgoers on Amity Island, a fictional New	New	PROPN	England	PROPN	 England
An individual running or mock charging can create seismic signals that can be heard at great distances. When detecting	detecting	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 975, not long after the death of King Edgar, Oslac was banished from England. No reason	reason	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
His ungovernable rages, delusions of grandeur, messianic claims, and dictatorial impulses had all become more extreme;	;	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Of unknown, or at least unclear origin, he embarked on a religious career in his early years,	,	PUNCT	entering	VERB	 entering
While it shares a sense of prevailing entropy with the previous song on the album, " Gates of Eden	Eden	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Singh, who had a Ghadarite cousin serving in the 23rd Cavalry, was able to infiltrate the leadership,	,	PUNCT	being	AUX	 being
After development, the depression steadily intensified while moving through the Bay of Bengal; rounding the ridge, it	it	PRON	accelerated	VERB	 accelerated
Selections of the soundtrack are under license from Sony / ATV Music Publishing Company. Although Michael Jackson, who	who	PRON	owned	VERB	 owned
Singer looked towards thrillers of the 1940s and home movies shot by Eva Braun for inspiration. Shooting scenes at	at	ADP	night	NOUN	 night
The judging panel was locked in a " fierce debate and quite bitter dissent " and eventually used a vote	vote	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Fifth Panzer Army was positioned directly opposite the American 28th Infantry Division. The third army which was to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
While at peak intensity, Nadia had well defined outflow and an eye no larger than 30 km (19	19	NUM	mi	NUM	 mi
An early attempt to coordinate the various rebel groups took place when one of the leaders of the Antiochian uprising	uprising	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ghazal also stated, " No Arabic children's television show was as popular and influential in the Middle East	East	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Pećanac's force remained intact after the German occupation of Serbia and supplemented its strength from Serb refugees fleeing Macedonia	Macedonia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cold air and the development of Hurricane Fox in the western Caribbean prevented re generation. The remnants continued northeastward	northeastward	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The team utilised interviews with former detainees and activists, existing press reports, and a copy of the facility	facility	NOUN	's	PART	's
By 1926, he rallied with the People's League, and unsuccessfully asked Octavian Goga to assign him a	a	DET	candidature	NOUN	 candidature
Picariello and Lassandra were convicted and sentenced to death by hanging. By the time of their executions in May	May	PROPN	1923	NUM	 1923
Embarrassed, Jane stood down as The Wica's high priestess, with leadership of the group falling to another	another	DET	married	ADJ	 married
Several of his peers regard him as the greatest player ever, although a temperamental streak sometimes leads to a	a	DET	lack	NOUN	 lack
The video for the album's second single, " So Excited ", was directed by Joseph Kahn and	and	CCONJ	portrayed	VERB	 portrayed
She moved to Perth in Western Australia when she was ten after her parents decided they wanted to see what	what	PRON	else	ADV	 else
Conditions in the South West Pacific also led the Army to convert its six combat divisions to jungle divisions in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
It was demolished in 1952. Prior to the re routing of the canal in 1864, the Westgate line	line	NOUN	crossed	VERB	 crossed
Evra played over 85 minutes in the match. On 20 November, Evra scored his second Premier League goal	goal	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This practice was particularly widespread in the chaos following the 2010 earthquake. While women migrants were vulnerable during this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The use of Newton's Second Law as a definition of force has been disparaged in some of the more	more	ADV	rigorous	ADJ	 rigorous
Early versions of Covenant aliens appear in great numbers and loot what they can, and war erupts between them	them	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
The episode was included on The X Files Mythology, Volume 4 – Super Soldiers, a DVD collection that	that	PRON	contains	VERB	 contains
Milner, in his time at the club, was described on the Newcastle United official website as " a	a	DET	good	ADJ	 good
No No No... " served as the introduction for the Tangled Up Tour. During the first part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following commencement for Glitter and the release of the soundtrack's lead single " Loverboy ", Carey embarked on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Shaver emphasized the importance of conditioning and defense, lessons which the teenager appreciated. Soon, West became the	the	DET	captain	NOUN	 captain
As of 2016 the college is opening a campus, the Culinary Institute of America at Copia, which will	will	AUX	house	VERB	 house
Thus, they conclude, the Ming court won the power to rule Tibetan areas formerly under the rule of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The intermediate " dumbbell " position may lead to a variety of final adatom and surface atom displacements. Long	Long	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
Colin Firth won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance as George VI in The King's Speech	Speech	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The prototype features a playable section of a level titled " Hidden Palace Zone ", a level cut shortly	shortly	ADV	before	ADP	 before
The album spawned two singles, " Hymn 43 " and " Locomotive Breath ". After an American tour	tour	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In recent years, Andrew Cook has continued attempts to rehabilitate Albert Victor's reputation, arguing that his lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
North of Grand Ledge, I 96 ended and US 16 followed Wright Road off the freeway to Grand River	River	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
The function of these is unknown. The hippo's jaw is powered by a large masseter and a well	well	ADV	developed	VERB	 developed
Nelthorpe was handed a new one year contract at Doncaster in July 2008. He rejoined Gateshead on a three	three	NUM	month	NOUN	 month
The Appletons were prominent Whigs, in contrast with the Pierces ' Democratic affiliation. Jane was shy, devoutly	devoutly	ADV	religious	ADJ	 religious
, Director of Authority (DOA) Dusty Rhodes announced that all matches at Lockdown would be held inside a	a	DET	six	NUM	 six
Ali Mardan Khan built the garden in 1632, and is built in such a way that the spring water	water	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Bansk wrote, " Although White Zombie is a film with courage, a film difficult not to admire,	,	PUNCT	its	PRON	 its
An accident on the M4 motorway trigged more chaos; this led to requests for the game to be delayed	delayed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Lightning general manager Steve Yzerman praised St. Louis ' importance to the organization when announcing the signing: " Marty	Marty	PROPN	means	VERB	 means
Earlier it had expressed enthusiasm for a general strike, more likely as an expression of solidarity than a declaration	declaration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Emperor Francis died on 18 August 1765, while he and the court were in Innsbruck celebrating the wedding of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Oroshi are also played as a part of theatrical performance, such as in Noh theater. Drums are not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
As such, the different molecules with known megamasers will be addressed individually. Arp 220 hosts the first megamaser	megamaser	NOUN	discovered	VERB	 discovered
He was killed by French musket fire in the morning mist near Schänis, in Canton of St. Gallen on	on	ADP	25	NUM	 25
He ended the campaign with ten goals in 45 appearances, helping the club to secure a ninth place finish	finish	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The filmmakers then engaged newcomer N. Viswanathan, a Tamil professor from Calcutta. After some footage featuring him was	was	AUX	shot	VERB	 shot
Back at the office that Monday, Lasseter assembled the company in a screening room and pitched the revised version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He graduated in June 1897 with an A.B. degree. Truett would later serve as a Baylor trustee from 1934	1934	NUM	to	ADP	 to
In the 7th century, it again came under Egyptian control, but during the Persian period (6th 4th	4th	ADJ	centuries	NOUN	 centuries
Ring did most of his work in the non Test first class matches, in which he sent down 3,088	3,088	NUM	deliveries	NOUN	 deliveries
In addition, a number of 1944 nickels are known without the large " P " mintmark. These were	were	AUX	produced	VERB	 produced
Woolly mammoths were very important to ice age humans, and human survival may have depended on the mammoth in	in	ADP	some	DET	 some
Two 3.5 mm jacks connect the ZX81 to the EAR (output) and MIC (input) sockets of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
West Ekonk was the fourth ship built under a USSB contract that called for Skinner & Eddy to deliver 14	14	NUM	ships	NOUN	 ships
In response, the President of the Local Government Board, Charles Ritchie, proposed the matter be resolved by	by	ADP	way	NOUN	 way
Fanshawe's administrative reforms were considered excellent, and his work continued to be used as the standard until the	the	DET	1830s	NOUN	 1830s
It was reported in 2011 that Kenyatta has recruited British lawyers Steven Kay and Gillian Higgins, who previously defended	defended	VERB	Slobodan	PROPN	 Slobodan
Matthew and Luke also share some content not found in Mark. To explain this, many scholars believe that	that	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
" The society left many lasting impacts upon the town of Romney during its existence and beyond, which included	included	VERB	the	DET	 the
Beatty ordered his battlecruisers to make all practicable speed to catch the Germans before they could escape. The leading	leading	VERB	ships	NOUN	 ships
The Penguins would complete an epic playoff collapse, as they dropped Game 7 to the Rangers, and headed	headed	VERB	home	ADV	 home
Damage across its path totaled about $3 million (1950 USD, $26.8 million 2009 USD).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Plans for entering the embassy by battering the front door and ground floor windows were quickly scrapped and work began	began	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Great Gatsby (2013), by Baz Luhrmann – starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan	Mulligan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In May Property Week reported that the new stadium in Denbigh would be cancelled if Wimbledon F.C. were wound up	up	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
The two men collaborated on fourteen comic operas between 1871 and 1896, of which H.M.S. Pinafore, The Pirates	Pirates	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In April 1999 Combs was charged with assault as a result of an incident with Steve Stoute of Interscope Records	Records	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The idea of using little girls came out of brainstorming, but was controversial and shocking within the team at	at	ADP	first	ADV	 first
In " Putin Zassal ", Pussy Riot had stated " The Orthodox Religion is a hardened penis / Coercing	Coercing	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Inglis views part of the second verse as a reference to the " abuse and humiliation " that Harrison had	had	AUX	received	VERB	 received
Alexios offered to reunite the Byzantine church with Rome, pay the crusaders 200,000 silver marks, join the crusade	crusade	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The operation was arranged between Generale designato d'armata (acting General) Mario Roatta, commander of the Italian Second	Second	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
The Hungarian Polish union lasted for twelve years and ended in war. After Louis ' death in 1382 and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
The channel between Sumatra and Malaysia was not as significant a barrier for the rhinos as the Barisan Mountains along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
De la Noue sent reinforcements there to content the assault, but they arrived too late to prevent the Walloons	Walloons	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Although the Joliot Curies ' experiment involved bombarding a sample of 27Al with alpha particles to produce the radioactive 30P	30P	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Withering shifted the Earth into a new orbit, resulting in disruption to the seasons and a reformed calendar	calendar	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Similarly, a gene's introns can be much larger than its exons. Regulatory regions can even be on	on	ADP	entirely	ADV	 entirely
In 1535, Henry added the " supremacy phrase " to the royal style, which became " Henry the	the	DET	Eighth	PROPN	 Eighth
At the age of ten he was sent to school in Asunción where he stayed with his uncle, Hermenegildo	Hermenegildo	PROPN	Roa	PROPN	 Roa
The oldest known coal balls date from the Namurian stage of the Carboniferous; they were found in Germany and	and	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
" In Rolling Stone, Gavin Edwards called it " a thirty five minute dance party full of surprises and	and	CCONJ	strange	ADJ	 strange
The season has no official bounds but cyclones tend to form between April and December. These dates conventionally delimit	delimit	VERB	the	DET	 the
Whedon graduated from Wesleyan University in 1987, where he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters in 2013.	.	PUNCT	There	ADV	 There
Harry feigns friendliness while he gets the shotgun out of his desk drawer. He blasts Ray through a sliding	sliding	VERB	glass	NOUN	 glass
Metamorphosis occurs some 16 – 40 days from the hatching, when the fully grown protoconch is about 1.2 mm	mm	NOUN	high	ADJ	 high
Phenomenology is a method of inquiry that attempts to examine the structure of consciousness in its own right, putting	putting	VERB	aside	ADP	 aside
This monument was completed before the end of the war and erected alongside the main road between Bulawayo and Gwelo	Gwelo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Jones had previously been arrested on January 24, 2008, on a trespass related charge. According to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Tor Nessling resigned from Yhteissisu in February 1947. There was talk of closing the company. Yhteissisu sold only	only	ADV	103	NUM	 103
York lost 4 – 2 in a penalty shoot out after a 1 – 1 extra time draw, although	although	SCONJ	Challinor	PROPN	 Challinor
Non degree seeking students have access to resources through Harvard's Grossman Library, electronic resources through the Harvard Libraries	Libraries	PROPN	Portal	ADJ	 Portal
The first vehicle to be bought by Tillingbourne was a single deck Chevrolet with 14 seats, which entered service	service	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The island was the final remaining French colony in the Americas, following the systematic invasion and capture of the	the	DET	others	NOUN	 others
These inscriptions belonging to the 1st century CE record the grants made by the chieftain Atiyaman Netuman Anci who ruled	ruled	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Even flightless birds still retain flight feathers, though sometimes in radically modified forms. The moult of their flight	flight	NOUN	feathers	NOUN	 feathers
" Additionally, the musical number predicts that one of Hercules ' most difficult challenges will be trying to change	change	VERB	Meg	PROPN	 Meg
It was later determined that one of the flight attendants had used the bottled oxygen supply and his pilot's	's	PART	training	NOUN	 training
The opening and ending theme song single " Bravely You / Yakeochinai Tsubasa " debuted at No. 4 on	on	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
He developed his thoughts like a sermon, as the Bach scholar Alfred Dürr notes: mentioning that the arrival	arrival	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
If women express a desire to leave the sex industry, JC's Girls attempts to support them in doing	doing	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Sometimes a sally port was included; this could allow the garrison to leave the castle and engage besieging forces	forces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Herriman, having learned a valuable lesson from the experience, creates a new Fair Chore Act to divide the	the	DET	chores	NOUN	 chores
They also allowed the least runs of any team in the league. Four of their starters recorded at least	least	ADJ	15	NUM	 15
" Following their Star Search audition, Johnny and the Moondogs changed their name to Japage 3 (combining letters	letters	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Ste almost shakes Lucas, so Daniel convinces him to give his son up. The truth is revealed,	,	PUNCT	Daniel	PROPN	 Daniel
Rubha an Dùnain, today an uninhabited peninsula to the south of the Cuillin hills on Skye, contains the	the	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Since its creation in 1997 the constituency's Member of Parliament has been a member of the Labour Party,	,	PUNCT	Kate	PROPN	 Kate
The Riverside Football Club, founded in 1899, played some matches at the Arms Park until 1910, when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Nora, who had married Joyce in London in 1931, survived him by 10 years. She is buried	buried	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At the start of the 1999 – 2000 season, Arsenal ended its long standing kit sponsorship with JVC.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1654, Du Tertre stated that the flesh was tough to eat, and that some considered it unpalatable	unpalatable	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
GameSpot editor Ryan Davis complimented the multiplayer aspect and the fitness test. Reviewers praised the game's controls and	and	CCONJ	ease	NOUN	 ease
The roads reconstructed as part of the project were added to the state highway system on January 11, 1921	1921	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The track was produced by George Martin for McCartney's album, Pipes of Peace. The song was recorded	recorded	VERB	during	ADP	 during
He joined the Scharnhorst, the Stahlhelm's youth organisation as a small boy in the 1930s, and later	later	ADV	the	DET	 the
Both the United States and West Virginia state flags are to be flown over the West Virginia State Capitol building	building	VERB	year	NOUN	 year
Accurate demographic information for Monifieth is complicated by the town's inclusion in the Dundee locality in the 2001 census	census	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
American and both South and North Vietnamese forces directly participated (at one time or another) in the fighting	fighting	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Her music has mainly dealt with themes of heartbreak, independence, and self empowerment for women; by doing	doing	VERB	so	ADV	 so
The French economic theory of physiocracy made a particularly strong impression on his thinking. He also developed his artistic	artistic	ADJ	skills	NOUN	 skills
The second example applies to new, buggy friendly vehicles on route 22, with the branding 22 Connect:	:	PUNCT	Gyle	PROPN	 Gyle
Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times noted that in previous reviews, he had " never been shy of	of	ADP	[	X	 [
For 33 years the fate of the Andrée expedition remained one of the unsolved riddles of the Arctic. The	The	DET	chance	NOUN	 chance
He previously held the offices of abbot of St Albans Abbey and Bishop of Ramsbury, as well as likely	likely	ADJ	being	AUX	 being
Taube received honorary degrees from many institutions, including the University of Saskatchewan (1973), the University of	of	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
The eponymous hero of the series was what academic Jeremy Packer called an " anti Bond ", or what	what	PRON	Christoph	PROPN	 Christoph
In 1996 a group of Japanese and French astronomers discovered that Pleione is a single lined spectroscopic binary with an	an	DET	orbital	ADJ	 orbital
Eleven players were inducted into that category, but in 2000, the Board of Directors eliminated it; the	the	DET	players	NOUN	 players
Despite becoming primarily used for advertising, One Times Square continued to house tenants in its ground level floors:	:	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Between Giants Seat locks and Ringley Bridge two locks had been erected, with a small section of canal to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
In 2014, several Oneworld airlines signed codeshare agreements with Mexican carrier Interjet. Oneworld has stated that it is	is	AUX	interested	ADJ	 interested
Homer then tries to apologize to Gibson, but he does not blame him, arriving to the conclusion there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
Another order, the Physarales, was unusually rare — other studies have demonstrated that the order is typically abundant	abundant	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Romualdas ' father, Pranas Marcinkus, served as a policeman in Jurbarkas, Tauragė, and Rumšiškės. His	His	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
Additionally, the number of destroyed houses was overestimated, only to be revised downward owing to before and after	after	ADP	satellite	NOUN	 satellite
On July 15, Pressey was waived by the Celtics. On July 24, 2015, Pressey signed with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
This marked an ultimately terminal weakening of Norse power in Scotland. Haakon retreated to Orkney, where he died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
While Tucker travels the country, Bennington and directors change the design of Tucker's car to a more conventional	conventional	ADJ	design	NOUN	 design
He re signed for McLaren for the 1984 season within days and moved his family home to Switzerland after Renault	Renault	PROPN	factory	NOUN	 factory
George Sr. also faces onslaught from the outside world; the press begins looking for him in Iraq,	,	PUNCT	fumigators	NOUN	 fumigators
A further oddity is that the decree did not limit the use of election to a one time exigency.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Misch's daughter, Brigitta, learned through her maternal grandmother that Gerda was of Jewish descent. However,	,	PUNCT	Gerda	PROPN	 Gerda
After a lengthy and contentious debate between the two, the province brought in former York Region CAO Alan Wells	Wells	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 17, 1996. Mr. Burns '	'	PART	long	ADV	 long
If the governor's objection had stood the project would have been abandoned and a new site chosen. In	In	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
They decide to experiment with Max's power at Chloe's secret hideout, a scrapyard. However, this	this	PRON	strains	VERB	 strains
An alternative implementation uses a weaving engine that uses breakpoints to halt execution at the pointcut, select an appropriate	appropriate	ADJ	method	NOUN	 method
Chastain shared her role with Helen Mirren — both actresses portraying the character at different phases of her life.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
In Southern Africa populations appear to be resident and the bird is very much associated with man, his habitations	habitations	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Single cell thunderstorms form in environments of low vertical wind shear and last only 20 – 30 minutes. Organized	Organized	ADJ	thunderstorms	NOUN	 thunderstorms
The band reached a low point when the band engaged in a fight on a Nebraska date after SnoCore's	's	PART	conclusion	NOUN	 conclusion
Bath stone is still used on a reduced scale today, but more often as a cladding rather than a	a	DET	structural	ADJ	 structural
The two reconcile in " Media Blitz ", which Schur described as a " key moment " in their	their	PRON	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
A small temperature increase of only a few degrees can have almost immediate and adverse effect on tropical glaciers.	.	PUNCT	Near	ADP	 Near
Oriented roughly east to west, it was 21.5 metres (71 ft) long and 8.5 metres (28	28	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
As a state trunkline, M 247 runs north from M 13 before turning to access the park, a	a	DET	distance	NOUN	 distance
The chapel was dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St Katherine. It is now used	used	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The resultant design was named Tu 142 and had features in common with the Tu 95RT. The ventral and	and	CCONJ	dorsal	NOUN	 dorsal
The farmhouse was built in the late 17th century and still stands, but otherwise today Shuart is considered a	a	DET	deserted	ADJ	 deserted
The series revolves around Dexter (voiced by Christine Cavanaugh in seasons 1 – 3; Candi Milo in seasons	seasons	NOUN	3	NUM	 3
To place this number in context, in a hierarchy of twenty official ranks, the lowest paid official earned	earned	VERB	the	DET	 the
Scoring increased 10% league wide; four of six teams topped 200 goals, the first time teams did	did	VERB	so	ADV	 so
The medley ended with a performance of " Sometimes " for which she donned a bathrobe. She returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Bolen family is the subject of the series ' yearly mystery. " Nice Is Different Than Good "	"	PUNCT	enacted	VERB	 enacted
According to women's captain Lisa Forrest, Tonelli adopted populist tactics in championing the athletes ' cause. He	He	PRON	said	VERB	 said
However, Núñez only played shortstop during spring training. Jeter began the season on the disabled list, and	and	CCONJ	Núñez	PROPN	 Núñez
Animator Bill Plympton provided sequences illustrating key concepts in the film. The documentary was first shown at the AFI	AFI	PROPN	Film	PROPN	 Film
Mary Keating Hill, a forty year old wife of a Cardiff insurance manager, spent three weeks in jail	jail	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Every year on Rapunzel's birthday, the kingdom of Corona releases thousands of floating lanterns into the sky in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
It is currently available on Blu ray. Animal House was a great box office success despite its limited production	production	NOUN	costs	NOUN	 costs
" Allison Stewart of The Washington Post described " Back to Tennessee " as a " fusillade of strident twang	twang	PROPN	rock	NOUN	 rock
This is the more suburban and rural half of the district. Salford City Council's aspiration is that "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" Some Recollections of the Visit of Sibelius to America in 1914 ". Scandinavian Studies (University of Illinois	Illinois	PROPN	Press	PROPN	 Press
Mauboy's third studio album Beautiful was released on 4 October 2013; it debuted at number three and was	was	AUX	certified	VERB	 certified
" Groening conceived the idea of an episode in which the character Mr. Burns was shot, which could be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
After the conflict ended in November 1995, they made arrangements to visit Sarajevo, and with help from United	United	PROPN	Nations	PROPN	 Nations
In the same way as the logarithm reverses exponentiation, the complex logarithm is the inverse function of the exponential	exponential	ADJ	function	NOUN	 function
Allen averaged 5.8 points and 5.0 rebounds in his second season with the 76ers. Allen missed an exhibition game	game	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
In November 2011 the McCanns testified before the Leveson Inquiry into British press standards. The inquiry heard that the	the	DET	editor	NOUN	 editor
It was hoped that this capability would allow the battlecruisers to act as a fleet in being. After a	a	DET	recommendation	NOUN	 recommendation
In her screenwriting textbook, Linda Aronson suggests that its protagonist, played by Quaid, is a major problem	problem	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
She instructed the police who served as tour guides to attend sessions at the Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library	Library	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In total, according to Oliver, Trump was lying three fourths (76%) of the time,	,	PUNCT	citing	VERB	 citing
Critics called the full motion video " stylish ", and praised the acting. Gerstmann said the FMV had	had	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In June 1970, the Metropolitan Region Planning Authority released land in the southwestern corner of Hamersley, which had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
Early examples include Papa Charlie McCoy as " Tampa Kid " (1936), Leonard " Baby Doo "	"	PUNCT	Caston	PROPN	 Caston
The civil service and examination system allowed for greater meritocracy, social mobility, and equality in competition for those	those	PRON	wishing	VERB	 wishing
However, researchers hold contrary opinions regarding the effects of long term administration. One view is that many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the coming years, members of the " popular party " would become known as Whigs or Patriots.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Avianca Flight 52 was a regularly scheduled international passenger flight from El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Kanu had given Arsenal the lead in the first half, only for Radzinski to score a " richly deserved	deserved	VERB	late	ADJ	 late
This time period makes it much easier for echidnas to prey on the winged females since they are directly above	above	ADV	on	ADP	 on
" In December, Tuđman, in a conversation with Bosnian Croat leaders, said that " from the perspective	perspective	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He later becomes increasingly abusive. A Riverhead Trades Weekly review states that the novel consistently shows the " patriarchal	patriarchal	ADJ	despotism	NOUN	 despotism
" After Pirates, Pryce appeared in several large scale motion pictures, such as De Lovely (2004)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Buying or otherwise receiving items and services not subject to federal taxation (such as a used home or car	car	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
It took ten minutes to repair the steering. They turned and started in the other direction, opening fire	fire	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Gargi, as one of the disputants in the debate, questioned Yajnavalkya on his claim of superiority among the	the	DET	scholars	NOUN	 scholars
The Australian Government allocated A $31.9 billion to the Australian Defence Organisation in the 2015 – 16 financial year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Opened to the public in 1953, it is now a major visitor attraction in its own right. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The generic term stripline in modern usage usually refers to the form then known as triplate. Early stripline directly	directly	ADV	coupled	VERB	 coupled
1000 – 1028) was a Byzantine military commander during the reign of Emperor Basil II. He played a	a	DET	distinguished	ADJ	 distinguished
The film's score was composed by Ramin Djawadi. Del Toro selected Djawadi based on his works on Prison	Prison	PROPN	Break	PROPN	 Break
However, the offense continued to struggle. Dave Brown had been released before the season and replaced by Kanell	Kanell	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Surviving evidence shows that Simon and John frequently found themselves on opposing sides of cases, which suggests a rivalry	rivalry	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Mónica Maristain from newspaper La Nación compared it with a song released by Fito Páez in 1999, " Habana	Habana	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Themes of class consciousness and conflict are also present in the book. Critics interpreted the stance the novel	novel	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
Before 1825 Tyldesley had no established church, and lay within the ancient parish of Leigh in the Diocese of	of	ADP	Chester	PROPN	 Chester
Oates, independently wealthy, volunteered his services to the expedition and paid £1,000 (2009 value approximately £	£	SYM	75,000	NUM	75,000
In the first decade of the 21st century, key concepts of attachment were incorporated into existing models of behavioural	behavioural	ADJ	couple	NOUN	 couple
" Take a Bow " has since been certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association, denoting shipments of	of	ADP	over	ADP	 over
While coping with the loss of her child, Isabella continued to work at The Englishwoman's Domestic Magazine.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The author of the poetry is unknown. On the basis of the text, it has been suggested that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Lexie discovers that some of her fellow interns have secretly been performing simple procedures on each other and begins taking	taking	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
Annual convergence between the two continues at a rate of 1.6 inches (4 cm) per year. The	The	DET	Cascades	NOUN	 Cascades
An editor for the libertarian monthly Reason also speculated about the usefulness of the detailed information to government investigators.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In September 2010, Laurer was hospitalized after overdosing on sleeping medication. As of February 2015, Laurer had	had	AUX	re	AUX	 re
The next years would see only temporary buildings on the High Street site. Hodson was made principal in 1809	1809	NUM	following	VERB	 following
When speed is important, a Python programmer can move time critical functions to extension modules written in languages such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
They were Petty Officer George White and Able Seaman " Tancy " Lee, who were joined by one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before passing through the Strait of Otranto, the boats successfully evaded two groups of Italian ships. They finally	finally	ADV	arrived	VERB	 arrived
The lyrics in the song are cryptic; the ending lines of the third verse emphasise in belief and faith	faith	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Once Pollack was asked if professional poker players would start wearing uniforms covered with ads, similar to NASCAR.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In particular, accepted requests must involve the protection of women from persecution, although men may be eligible for	for	ADP	assistance	NOUN	 assistance
It also participated in the 2011 Providence French Film Festival. Korkoro was screened on the first day of the	the	DET	Santa	PROPN	 Santa
TriMet confirmed at least two changes to the sculpture's original design: a 15 foot (4.6 m)	)	PUNCT	move	NOUN	 move
The amount of trail a particular bike has may vary with time for several reasons. On bikes with front	front	ADJ	suspension	NOUN	 suspension
Despite this, Pyrrhus was taken safely back to his camp. Prompted by this unsuccessful foray, Pyrrhus order	order	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The railway would be a 68 mile (109 km) standard gauge line that followed the narrow canyon of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For some twenty years until 2006, Reading was also known for its WOMAD Festival until it moved to Charlton	Charlton	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Afterwards, Triple H gained the advantage and performed a Pedigree on Michaels. Triple H covered Michaels for the	the	DET	win	NOUN	 win
The eastern green mamba is, however, a fairly common species of snake throughout its geographical range, and	and	CCONJ	populations	NOUN	 populations
The two versions of HD Remaster were also successful in North America, selling 206,000 units within a month of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The episode's subplot revolved around Jerry's neighbour Kramer returning from a vacation in Puerto Rico, claiming he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Elsa shoots Henry, then dies drinking from the wrong Grail, and Indiana rescues his father from falling into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Clarence 13X developed novel teachings, assigning backronyms to familiar words. He stated that the letters of the word	word	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
On April 7, the low crossed back into the Australian basin, only to turn to the southwest on	on	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
The first public screening of Watch the K Foundation Burn a Million Quid was on Jura on 23 August 1995	1995	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The record defeat occurred during the 1954 FIFA World Cup, a 7 – 0 deficit against reigning world champions	champions	NOUN	Uruguay	PROPN	 Uruguay
Jim's attempts to rob a bank fail and they are forced to cancel their plans. Steve calls Social	Social	PROPN	Services	PROPN	 Services
There were special trains laid on for the Cardiff fans, which began arriving at Paddington train station from 4	4	NUM	am	NOUN	 am
Despite initial grand plans and ideals, Kew Asylum had a difficult and chequered history resulting in several inquiries,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The strong dependence of the rate of energy generation in the core on the temperature and pressure helps to sustain	sustain	VERB	this	DET	 this
Banner is attacked by Ross and Blonsky's forces, tipped off by the suspicious Samson, causing him to	to	PART	again	ADV	 again
After her husband's death in 1963, she worked as a consultant to the director of NASA's Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	Space	PROPN	 Space
For instance, in his analysis of baseball's under- and overrated players in 2007, sportswriter Jayson Stark said	said	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Whorf saw that the ability to arrive at progressively more accurate descriptions of the world hinged partly on the ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
After the war, Oregon returned to the Pacific and participated in the Philippine – American War and Boxer Rebellion	Rebellion	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
1323 – 1330) to Milutin's daughter Anna Neda was also arranged at the time with the intention of	of	ADP	further	ADV	 further
The mosaic came into the hands of the Russian authorities and was used in the reconstruction effort. In 1998	1998	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is grayish brown to violet brown at the top, gradually becoming violet brown on the lower portion.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
During the 1950s, the folklorist Eric Maple conducted further research on Murrell, finding much local folklore still surrounding	surrounding	VERB	him	PRON	 him
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 11, 2001. In the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His analyses suggest a phylogeny that is very different from George's arrangement. Banksia grossa was inferred to be	be	AUX	sister	NOUN	 sister
It is he who discovers Superman's weakness and hatches a plan that puts millions of people in danger.	.	PUNCT	Christopher	PROPN	 Christopher
Besides being a narrow corridor well suited for defence, the terrain in the area of Narva was dominated by	by	ADP	forests	NOUN	 forests
Shelby confesses that she can no longer have children, but wishes she could have her baby back, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
His realistic approach, designing dances that were inspired by the way ordinary people behaved, led one critic to	to	PART	observe	VERB	 observe
It also had 28 people on board, among them the " unsinkable " Margaret " Molly " Brown.	.	PUNCT	Lightoller	PROPN	 Lightoller
Isabelle also recorded " Por Amarte Así " in bachata which features American group 24 Horas as well as an	an	DET	urban	ADJ	 urban
The scene was filmed to establish a running gag that Pawnee has a terrible raccoon infestation problem. The J.J.	J.J.	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Immediately, cannons were fired as a sign that the first king and queen of Greater Romania had been anointed	anointed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In his new role Nichols clashed with the AEC over the issue of whether it or the Department of Defense	Defense	PROPN	should	AUX	 should
Caroline's eldest daughter Anne married William IV of Orange in 1734, and moved with her husband to the	the	DET	Netherlands	PROPN	 Netherlands
The text of the profession of faith, Credo, is the Nicene Creed. It is structured in three	three	NUM	sections	NOUN	 sections
Caversham is also home to one of Dunedin's main athletics clubs. The Southern Rugby Football Club, a	a	DET	rugby	NOUN	 rugby
Afterward, Barbey received his first properly equipped amphibious command ship, the USS Blue Ridge. He also acquired	acquired	VERB	an	DET	 an
In total the salvage team that Wallin commanded successfully resurrected 19 of the 21 ships initially declared total losses and	and	CCONJ	helped	VERB	 helped
He did not wish to leave the Tsushima Strait unguarded and thought that he could use his remaining ammunition on	on	ADP	Rurik	PROPN	 Rurik
In November 2004, Wilson began feuding with Hiroko. On the December 2 episode of SmackDown!, Wilson	Wilson	PROPN	teamed	VERB	 teamed
The lyrics officially adopted were as follows: " Rise, O Voices of Rhodesia " remained in official usage	usage	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It was certified three times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) denoting shipments of three	three	NUM	million	NUM	 million
In Phase 2, Q service would be extended to 125th Street and Lexington Avenue. After Phase 3,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Research by historian Thomas Ricks Lindley indicates that an additional 50 or 60 men reinforced the Alamo on March 4	4	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
' ". She further commented on the show's authenticity by saying that the network " has never once	once	ADV	put	VERB	 put
Many of the album's lyrics are narrative and diaristic in nature, and were heavily drawn from Love's	's	PART	personal	ADJ	 personal
" The group would go to children's hospitals to cheer up sick children. On November 27, 1983	1983	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They have a long neck and short stout legs with large, fully webbed feet. Although they are among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
He scored a notable success in the Battle of Damour, which he rated as his most successful battle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The movie's success saved Nelvana from closing, helped revive films aimed at children in the US market,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A series of questions needed to be answered during the design process, including the calibre of the main battery	battery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The following is a list of the top ten employers with headquarters in Ohio, as of April 2014.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Government sources claimed that this operation — where more than 660 marines, 17 vehicles, and 3 helicopters participated	participated	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
The bill combines the fund with $12 billion in new tax breaks. Brown criticized the bill for including	including	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Chamber of Commerce decided to continue efforts to have SR 76 expanded at the end of 1974. In	In	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
It also equates the combined first week sales of his four previous album releases, including his live album called	called	VERB	Live	PROPN	 Live
" Donald Lee Harris designed the warehouse set, which Krasinski described as " amazing " and " detailed.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Fury was followed one month later with the release of the big budget disaster movie San Francisco (1936	1936	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Some alleles do not have complete dominance and instead have incomplete dominance by expressing an intermediate phenotype, or codominance	codominance	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It became her sixth single to peak at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, setting a record for	for	ADP	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
As of 2014, Greyhound operates 1,272 motorcoaches produced mainly by Motor Coach Industries and Prevost. In an effort	effort	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Her displacement and beam were increased over that of her half sisters with slightly less draught. The Baltic Project	Project	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Roxy threatens to call the police but Ronnie convinces her not to. However, after Janine drops the charges	charges	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Their first collaboration Cover Girl firmly established their intentions, particularly in the " Alter Ego " dance sequence.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Before leaving they find that one of Beata's assistants, Ariel (Patricia McPherson), has married Ramsey	Ramsey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Essentials disc is a compilation of some of his most famous works. The Rarities disc includes pieces recorded	recorded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Judge Harrell said that the ERA was intended to prohibit sex discrimination against women and did not apply to this	this	DET	case	NOUN	 case
Many of the deleted scenes from " Miles Behind Us " appear as bonus material on the Season 2 DVD	DVD	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Geschwindner let him train seven days a week with DJK Würzburg players and future German internationals Robert Garrett, Marvin	Marvin	PROPN	Willoughby	PROPN	 Willoughby
In the fourth round, he defeated the Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets, and then in the quarterfinals	quarterfinals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The second Bzod pa rgya mtsho also had excellent equation with the Eighth Dalai Lama, Jampel Gyatso (Da	Da	PROPN	lai	PROPN	 lai
His death, from his wounds, the following month, and the massacre in April of that year of	of	ADP	27	NUM	 27
In particular, some contend that oil production from these new oil reserves as well as from existing fields will	will	AUX	continue	VERB	 continue
However, too many horses and mules died of diseases or old age before they even reached the battlefield and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1955, then Lieutenant Commander Bucklew was assigned to a Naval Advisory Group in Korea, operating from a	a	DET	base	NOUN	 base
Eventually, they form neurofibrillary tangles inside nerve cell bodies. When this occurs, the microtubules disintegrate, destroying	destroying	VERB	the	DET	 the
Author Chris Barsanti writes: " It's the film's canny flirtatiousness that makes it such ingenious entertainment.	.	PUNCT	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
The next and final blow was the Judicature Act 1873, which came into force on 1 November 1875.	.	PUNCT	Section	NOUN	 Section
Mark Webber set the fifth fastest time, after earlier having electrical and clutch problems with the car. Alonso	Alonso	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Rhine... lay revealed before us for many a league, twisting and twining like a serpent of silver	silver	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
These would be inherited by a third daughter, Molly Burkhart, who was married to a white man,	,	PUNCT	Ernie	PROPN	 Ernie
The angry father ignores him, but Hal turns and sees the wigmaker's store next to him. An	An	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
Subsequent authors have recognized these names as based on pattern variants of the leopard catshark; resolving the identity of	of	ADP	P.	PROPN	 P.
Another consequence of urban heat islands is the increased energy required for air conditioning and refrigeration in cities that are	are	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The IBF subsequently stripped him of his title on February 6, due to his inability to defend during his	his	PRON	ongoing	ADJ	 ongoing
As a result, it took no further part in the fighting before the armistice was declared on 11 November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 2007 and weighing over 90 kg (198 lb), Knut was deemed too dangerous for close	close	ADJ	handling	NOUN	 handling
Bokassa called Izamo at his headquarters, asking him to come to Camp de Roux to sign some papers that	that	PRON	needed	VERB	 needed
One Buffy studies writer draws comparisons between Dr. Walsh and Victor Frankenstein, both of whom build monsters out of	of	ADP	body	NOUN	 body
At its closest approach to China, Saomai generated high waves that coincided with high tide, resulting in extensive	extensive	ADJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
In the semifinals against Germany she played two rubbers, one was won against Julia Görges, another against Andrea	Andrea	PROPN	Petkovic	PROPN	 Petkovic
By contrast, TV Guide's Ken Fox felt that Zombie did deliver a " scary horror movie ",	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
This type of restraint is used on Dive, Inverted, Sitting, Flying, Floorless, Stand up,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Since the Chronicle describes Alexander's victory over the Persians in terms of its proximity to Tarsus and omits mention	mention	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In its 2011 reissue, new material was added that connected the manga to the events of Innocent Sin.	.	PUNCT	Persona	PROPN	 Persona
A stronger version is sold as McEwan's Scotch Ale in export markets. McEwan's Lager (3.6 per	per	ADP	cent	NOUN	 cent
In Malang, Fakih worked with Masjkur and Zainul Arifin to start an armed resistance to fight in the revolution	revolution	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
The game winning shot, which Johnson dubbed his " junior, junior, junior sky hook ", helped	helped	VERB	Los	PROPN	 Los
Detroit Pistons legend and Detroit Shock head coach, Bill Laimbeer also became the first person to win the Shooting	Shooting	PROPN	Stars	PROPN	 Stars
Immediately previously he had spent nineteen years as the rector of Christ Church, Lavender Bay. Overlapping with his	his	PRON	time	NOUN	 time
His colleague, the chorus master, Ivor John, was in charge of the first season's Pagliacci and	and	CCONJ	Faust	PROPN	 Faust
In this section, the elevation of the highway is close to the level of the river and is liable	liable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Jonathan Joss, who previously voiced John Redcorn in the animated television series King of the Hill — which was	was	AUX	co	AUX	 co
Scholars have recognized the Second Circuit under Hand as one of the finest appeals courts in the country's history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Produced by Butch Walker, the track was released as the sixth single from the album on July 16,	,	PUNCT	2013	NUM	 2013
Characters he listed as conflicting with a Nectomys identity of the species included the short hindfoot with a long fifth	fifth	ADJ	toe	NOUN	 toe
British North America had no law schools in 1830; students were examined when beginning and ending their tutelage.	.	PUNCT	Between	ADP	 Between
In a 2006 feature on the Super Furry Animals ' back catalogue Incendiary Magazine called the track a " clever	clever	ADJ	slice	NOUN	 slice
The story depicts the introduction of Sherlock to John, and them entering a flatshare at Baker Street in London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The inquiry's terms of reference were " to inquire into the making and screening of ' Death on the	the	DET	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
Livingstone joined the Labour Party in March 1968, when he was 23 years old, later describing it as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Small inter cut scenes features Koda kissing two woman; one on the cheek, and one on the lips	lips	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Basic studies courses are generally taken during the first two years, advanced studies during the final two years and	and	CCONJ	integrative	ADJ	 integrative
Armies fighting in central Europe had recognised supply and communications centres, which could be easily targeted by armoured vehicle	vehicle	NOUN	regiments	NOUN	 regiments
Sales of coal were £19,455, and nearly £30,000 was earned from other cargoes. Passenger traffic in	in	ADP	1791	NUM	 1791
Smith first appeared as the Doctor at the end of Davies and David Tennant's final episode, the second	second	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
" The band had previously written an orchestral style piece in the form of " Overture " on Six Degrees	Degrees	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The sports complex was purposely built for the 2008 Malaysian Games (Malay: Sukan Malaysia or SUKMA).	.	PUNCT	Besides	SCONJ	 Besides
The London Fire Brigade is the statutory fire and rescue service for Greater London. It is run by the	the	DET	London	PROPN	 London
His 82 rushing yards that day was a career high. The subsequent week, he had his first 100	100	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
Edibility is unknown for the species, but consumption is generally not recommended due its position in the Amanita subgroup	subgroup	NOUN	Lepidella	PROPN	 Lepidella
Kiedis recalled of the situation: " We started finding some magic and some music and some riffs and some	some	DET	rhythms	NOUN	 rhythms
In June 1951, with peace talks underway in Panmunjom, the Ranger company was employed aggressively in offensive roles	roles	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
It would seem that courts adopt a purposive view in relation to the lawful excuse defence in relation to arson	arson	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The SS brigades, wrote historian Christopher Browning, were " only the thin cutting edge of German units that	that	PRON	became	VERB	 became
In January 1964 Fleming went to Goldeneye for what proved to be his last holiday and wrote the first draft	draft	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Joyce also makes frequent use of the Irish Melodies of Thomas Moore and ballads such as George Barker's Dublin	Dublin	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
It captured Kennedy as " an aging Irish boyo clutching a bottle and diddling a blonde, " portrayed him	him	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Anastasia was a younger sister of Grand Duchess Olga, Grand Duchess Tatiana, and Grand Duchess Maria, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
When Captain Berry complained, Lejoille replied " J ' en suis fâché, mais le fait est, que	que	VERB	les	X	 les
Regarding long term catheterization, it is associated to urinary tract infections and should be avoided whenever possible. Some	Some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
They could not locate the Japanese convoy in poor visibility because it had reversed course shortly after spotting the American	American	ADJ	reconnaissance	NOUN	 reconnaissance
The band announced that they would play songs from the new album in their headline performance at the Reading and	and	CCONJ	Leeds	PROPN	 Leeds
Microsoft required Ska Studios to create picture packs (Xbox Live account customizations), but was not responsible for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
A LEWP is a special configuration in a line of convective storms that indicates the presence of a low pressure	pressure	NOUN	area	NOUN	 area
It is bordered by Lake Burley Griffin to the north, Commonwealth Avenue and Capital Hill to the east,	,	PUNCT	Adelaide	PROPN	 Adelaide
Rambhadracharya was disappointed that Yadav could not " come for even 15 minutes for disabled children, " and said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Listed as Architects ' Journal's top 50 favourite buildings. Awarded " Excellent " certification by BREEAM, the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
Max was introduced in the 2001 third person shooter Max Payne, which was written by Sam Lake and developed	developed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Arnold Wolf was called in as the industrial design consultant to this project in early 1957. Wolf, who	who	PRON	would	AUX	 would
It was also certified platinum in Argentina by the Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers (CAPIF) for	for	ADP	shipment	NOUN	 shipment
In a final act of defiance, Desha threatened to refuse to vacate the governor's mansion, although he	he	PRON	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Through assassinating a Zerg cerebrate, Zeratul inadvertently allows the Overmind to learn the location of the Protoss homeworld,	,	PUNCT	Aiur	PROPN	 Aiur
After reviewing the report, Dunstan sacked Police Commissioner Harold Salisbury in January and threatened to release the report to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the combination of population increase in the developing world and unsustainable consumption levels in the developed world that	that	PRON	poses	VERB	 poses
He was known for his willingness to apply an equal degree of scrutiny to his own philosophical positions as to	to	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Dialogue follows to reveal that the protagonist of the first game, Harry Mason, and his wife find and	and	CCONJ	adopt	VERB	 adopt
Nils Törnqvist is credited for playing the drums, while David Lindberg, Jonathan Lundberg and Claes Malmberg played the	the	DET	military	ADJ	 military
Only a month after Lunney graduated, President Eisenhower signed into existence the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA	NASA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
To avoid the burden of writing unique, accented dialogue for several characters, team member Kiyoshi Yoshii coded a	a	DET	system	NOUN	 system
According to Bobby Clarke, " we're not a defensive club, yet we tried to play defensively.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
An Official Information Act request was filed in New Zealand in 2008 to ask this of John Key, the	the	DET	prime	ADJ	 prime
All three channels televise events such as congressional hearings, White House press briefings and presidential speeches, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Nelson had however fallen seriously ill in the jungles of Costa Rica, probably from a recurrence of malaria,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The British had decoded the German radio messages, and left their bases before the Germans put to sea.	.	PUNCT	Hipper	PROPN	 Hipper
Regarding the 1939 New York World's Fair itself and its futuristic theme of the World of Tomorrow, Conran	Conran	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
In an attempt to achieve surprise the rifle companies moved into their respective areas of operation by foot, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The Dartmouth Outing Club maintains the AT from the Vermont border past Mount Moosilauke to Kinsman Notch, northwest of	of	ADP	Woodstock	PROPN	 Woodstock
The case arose when a Minnesota county taxed an Indian's mobile home located on the reservation. The Court	Court	PROPN	ruled	VERB	 ruled
By Congressional act the Washington quarter, featuring the first president's profile was introduced in 1932 to celebrate the	the	DET	bicentennial	NOUN	 bicentennial
Drake told MTV News, that the song was " definitely " a choice of his for releasing as a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
The album remained in the top twenty for thirty one consecutive weeks. It returned to the top five after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
This results in him becoming abusive towards Laila. Mariam and Laila eventually become confidants and best friends. They	They	PRON	plan	VERB	 plan
Shortages of funding slowed the completion Liguria and her sister ships. Tight budgets forced the Navy to reduce the	the	DET	pace	NOUN	 pace
Later, Phyllis makes Sharon remember switching the test, and her engagement to Nick ends. A furious Nick	Nick	PROPN	sues	VERB	 sues
One depth charge rail and two throwers were fitted; 20 depth charges were originally carried, but this increased	increased	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Square Enix believed that developing a new engine would speed up development time later in the project, though it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
No wreckage was seen, despite the heavy depth charging. The PC 815 sustained some minor damage and three	three	NUM	crew	NOUN	 crew
Billy was in considerable pain and asked for a doctor and some morphine. He told those near him,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Double vowels are analyzed as two morae, so they are phonologically a vowel sequence and not a long vowel	vowel	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
By January 1945, the ship was involved in the shelling of Iwo Jima, Haha jima, and Chichi	Chichi	PROPN	jima	PROPN	 jima
When the Clinton pastorate proved too arduous in 1853, Cleveland's father took an assignment in Holland Patent,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
In the 1960s and 1970s, however, Gérard Debreu and Stephen Smale led a revival of the use of	of	ADP	differential	ADJ	 differential
In February 2010, the Pacific Battleship Center (PBC) was behind efforts to have the ship berthed in	in	ADP	San	PROPN	 San
Whitney agrees to go on a date with Tyler and they agree to have sex but Whitney is unsure as	as	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Chet's face is near expressionless throughout. The characters are distanced from the reader, inviting neither empathy nor	nor	CCONJ	identification	NOUN	 identification
After averaging 40.3 points per game, they were ranked No. 5. Virginia Tech's offense was led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
There is no common notation for empty matrices, but most computer algebra systems allow creating and computing with them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
In 2005, the community of Narrowsburg, New York, several miles upstream, requested that Pennsylvania Department of	of	ADP	Transportation	PROPN	 Transportation
Minister of Transport, Kjell Opseth and director of SAS in Norway, Jan Reinås, both proposed a merger	merger	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Characters can be made as strong or as fast as the user wants, and allows the player to experience	experience	VERB	the	DET	 the
Later, in " Jupiter Jazz ", Spike hears that Julia was seen on Callisto and abandons the Bebop	Bebop	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Beginning in 1984 the New Order government used Pengkhianatan G30S / PKI as a propaganda vehicle, showing it annually	annually	ADV	on	ADP	 on
German attempts to involve the Belgian authorities and local government in its implementation began to arouse protest from 1942.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He performed well on his first two patrols and was given his own command, HMS Prize, in February	February	PROPN	1917	NUM	 1917
Maine was 393 feet 11 inches (120.07 m) long overall and had a beam of 72 ft 3	3	NUM	in	ADP	 in
In 1966 the New York Mattachine held a " sip in " at a Greenwich Village bar named Julius,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The shootout has proven controversial; critics have called it a gimmick, and expressed fierce opposition to any suggestion	suggestion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kama is ordered to spread love in the world by shooting his flower arrows and Prajapati Daksha is requested to	to	PART	present	VERB	 present
In 1970, Brazil's third victory in the tournament entitled them to keep the trophy permanently. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Observations of Titan prior to the space age were limited. In 1907 Spanish astronomer Josep Comas i Solà observed	observed	VERB	limb	NOUN	 limb
The panels would be installed and maintained for at least 20 years by an outside contractor. Bidding began in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Charges he leveled against Harrison in Cleveland were so poorly received that they touched off a riot in the city	city	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, following 2,000 objections from local people and the opposition of the Scottish Government's reporter, East Renfrewshire	Renfrewshire	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
He returned to the team for the third place playoff against Uruguay and scored the first goal, his fifth	fifth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1415, the Italian architect Filippo Brunelleschi and his friend Leon Battista Alberti demonstrated the geometrical method of applying	applying	VERB	perspective	NOUN	 perspective
The darker possibility also remains that the dream state represents the fulfilment of the lover's fantasy through the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Proposed interchanges of Rt 53: IL Rt 22 - unknown innovative interchange design, Midlothian Rd - design not	not	PART	yet	ADV	 yet
The player creates an avatar within Jedi Knight and selects a ranking, with higher rankings having access to more	more	ADJ	Force	PROPN	 Force
After the Turchino, the route followed the Aurelia road along the coast from Genoa all the way to the	the	DET	finish	NOUN	 finish
In retaliation, the Venetians plundered several Byzantine islands, and, with the Byzantine fleet unable to confront them	them	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
No deaths, injuries or significant damages were reported in Hawaiʻi. Although John passed within 25 km (16	16	NUM	mi	NUM	 mi
Seemingly, he was also willing to work the other side of the political divide: in 1659 he painted	painted	VERB	Colonel	PROPN	 Colonel
Fought at the junction of the east west and north south roads on the eastern side of the Black Forest	Forest	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cleveland won all of its games in 1948, recording professional football's first perfect season and beating the Buffalo	Buffalo	PROPN	Bills	PROPN	 Bills
Except for the strong Chinese resistances against the ROK II Corps, the Eighth Army met little opposition, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The workhouse was in truth at that time a kind of manufactory, carried on at the risk and cost	cost	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It required only two wires, but a more complex code and slower transmission speed. Whereas the two needle	needle	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
In 2012 and 2013, the creek's discharge at this location ranged from 29 to 379 cubic feet (	(	PUNCT	0.82	NUM	0.82
She served during the First World War, but saw no combat during the war due to the hesitance of	of	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
The system then moved over the open waters of the North Pacific and was last noted near the International Dateline	Dateline	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
They became impoverished and were forced to take loans from local Arabs, eventually falling into severe debt. Pressure	Pressure	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Arndt started the script on May 23, 2000 and completed the first rough draft by May 26. He	He	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The next day, she collided with Amazon and eventually sank, with the loss of one man drowned.	.	PUNCT	Amazon	PROPN	 Amazon
The Reformist Party supported privatization, opposing the Modernist Party, which had dominated politics during the reign of Emperor	Emperor	PROPN	Wu	PROPN	 Wu
... Taken all together, the genuine material on Inguar in contemporary English sources is slight ". He also	also	ADV	states	VERB	 states
Remnants of a 15,000 to 17,000 years old Magdalenian culture dwelling (a dugout cabin site with traces of supporting	supporting	VERB	posts	NOUN	 posts
The first church in Leeds is thought to have been built around 600 AD. Leeds, like many industrial	industrial	ADJ	cities	NOUN	 cities
The second was a church, dedicated to St. Mary, which stood on the site of the Scottish National	National	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
Her boss, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), warns her not to attempt revenge; nevertheless, Liz	Liz	PROPN	invites	VERB	 invites
It is one of the three species of camel that was given its current binomial name by Carl Linnaeus in	in	ADP	1758	NUM	 1758
Despite Negev's achievements, they were also given an order to retreat, as the Israeli command did not	not	PART	wish	VERB	 wish
" Yolanda Sangweni of Essence magazine stated that " on songs like ' Rather Die Young ' and ' Party	Party	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The result was curvy streets surrounding " mini parks " comprising a total of 25 acres (100,000 m2)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Originally, the right side of the skull also was covered with large patches of skin — this was not	not	PART	recognized	VERB	 recognized
Sullivan and Burnand's second opera, The Contrabandista (1867) was not as successful. In 1871,	,	PUNCT	producer	NOUN	 producer
Whale was born in Dudley, England, the sixth of the seven children of William, a blast furnaceman	furnaceman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Edge was placed on the Raw brand in the 2004 WWE draft lottery after WrestleMania XX and returned to in	in	ADP	ring	NOUN	 ring
In the wake of the 2004 Tsunami the " FC Bayern – Hilfe e. V. " was founded, a	a	DET	foundation	NOUN	 foundation
Indigenous Scottish wildflowers and plants cover much of the area, blending the Parliament's grounds with the nearby Holyrood	Holyrood	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Paul Jacobi was decommissioned five days later at Flensburg and sailed to Wilhelmshaven under British control on 21 May to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
Z7 Hermann Schoemann, named after Lieutenant (Kapitänleutnant) Hermann Schoemann, was ordered on 9 January 1935 and	and	CCONJ	laid	VERB	 laid
The Canadian Parliament ratified the terms after a debate over the high cost that cabinet member Alexander Morris described as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
If consumed, curium is excreted within a few days and only 0.05% is absorbed in the blood.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Despite this over, only 44 runs came in the first hour, meaning that 360 runs were needed in	in	ADP	285	NUM	 285
He played in 20 games over the course of his NFL career. Junkin played four years of college football	football	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The episode premiered on the Fox network on November 25, 2009. It was written by series creator Ian	Ian	PROPN	Brennan	PROPN	 Brennan
They wore short and spiked hairstyles or shaved heads, often with safety pins and ripped clothes and considered musical	musical	ADJ	prowess	NOUN	 prowess
Soccer would then become easy. " He played in the wartime league, before making his debut in the	the	DET	Football	PROPN	 Football
The shop and its record label have since closed. All throughout 2003, DJ Hatcha pioneered a new direction	direction	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Aliferi sued the township, taking the case to the New Jersey Superior Court. A judge sided with Aliferi	Aliferi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In a September 2011 statement, the Ministry of Information, Communications and the Arts justified the NPPA's existence	existence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Players use a guitar controller to hold down fret keys and strum on the strum bar in time with the	the	DET	note	NOUN	 note
The Church Avenue connection would have utilized the lower level yard just south of the station, currently used to	to	PART	relay	VERB	 relay
In 2000, the festival organizers agreed to release some of the concerts to the public via compact disc recordings	recordings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Geoffroy's tamarin is rarely observed in the vicinity of squirrels, although this appears to be the result of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Retaining an interest in Libyan UK relations, he visited Megrahi in Barlinnie prison and spoke out against the conditions	conditions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The final stage is the disappearance of the tail, but this takes place rather later, the tissue being	being	AUX	used	VERB	 used
That made Cleveland's entry into the NFL in the 1950 season the first test of whether its early supremacy	supremacy	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Born a Duchess of Bavaria, the youngest child of Elector Ferdinand Maria, she married the heir to the	the	DET	Tuscan	ADJ	 Tuscan
Of rhythm they explore varying definitions, applications, typology, and artistic value. They then discuss theories of	of	ADP	meter	NOUN	 meter
He also asks her to sell some stolen jewellery for him and she agrees. Whitney falls for Connor,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Returning to Australia in 1902, Newland re settled in Victoria and joined the Royal Australian Artillery in July the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Immediately following the self immolation, the Falun Dafa Information Center denied that the self immolators could have been Falun	Falun	PROPN	Gong	PROPN	 Gong
Martin Carver has speculated that historians could use regal lists and other sources of information to identify the occupants,	,	PUNCT	whilst	SCONJ	 whilst
In September 1995, Thompson and Branagh announced that they had separated; their statement to the press blamed their	their	PRON	work	NOUN	 work
His lack of experienced engineers caused the state of French defences to be repeatedly misread. What is clear is	is	AUX	that	SCONJ	 that
Each ear was made of latex and other ingredients blended together in a kitchen mixer, then baked for six	six	NUM	hours	NOUN	 hours
Abelisaurids thrived during the Cretaceous Period, on the ancient southern supercontinent of Gondwana, and today their fossil remains	remains	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Foster used this property to develop two canonical forms for realising these networks. Foster's work was an important	important	ADJ	starting	NOUN	 starting
Both in the past and more recently, Prokui had been driven from his lands by the king and his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
The 1940s were a decade marked with controversy for Chaplin, and his popularity declined rapidly. He was accused	accused	VERB	of	ADP	 of
The church bells, which were described by a local journalist for the Manchester Courier and Lancashire General Advertiser as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In " Dream On ", Rachel confides in Jesse of her lifelong dream to discover the identity of her	her	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
" However, he was disappointed by how the storyline played out: " it didn't feel right that	that	SCONJ	after	ADP	 after
Although the monastery was generous in donations, Emperor Xuanzong issued a decree abolishing their treasury on grounds that their	their	PRON	banking	NOUN	 banking
They especially disapproved of a scene in which Homer smokes marijuana for the first time, since they did not	not	PART	want	VERB	 want
The Wii supports the rating systems of many countries, including CERO in Japan, the USK in Germany,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In April 2012, Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff included the film in her list, " The A to Z	Z	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Fixed Star " was released as a single on February 20, 2013. She performed the song "	"	PUNCT	Snap	PROPN	 Snap
After the war ended, they both remained close friends and Holloway often stayed in The May Fair where O'Leary	O'Leary	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
Critic John S. Wilson described Flanagan's solo piano style on ballads in 1978: " He drifts through ballads	ballads	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The park has been credited with increasing residential real estate values by $100 per square foot ($1,076	1,076	NUM	per	ADP	 per
The album entered the top five in Spain. The first single, " Una Canción Me Trajo Hasta Aquí	Aquí	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
During the ensuing Battle of Port Moresby, he claimed three Japanese aircraft. Turnbull took over command of No	No	PROPN	.	NOUN	.
Watches were used and adjusted each evening using the GMT time check. One major problem faced early on by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its distribution extends from the Indus Delta north to the Kabul River near Nowshera and the Jhelum near Nurpur Noon	Noon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Now research was reported by the publication of " papers " that emanated from research " schools " that promoted	promoted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Even though Stowe's novel differs from other sentimental novels by focusing on a large theme like slavery and by	by	ADP	having	VERB	 having
Charlie Lieb developed the first downhole heat exchanger in 1930 to heat his house. Steam and hot water from	from	ADP	geysers	NOUN	 geysers
Only crew who needed to take measurements, or who maintained them, were allowed access, measures which indicate	indicate	VERB	the	DET	 the
All paragliders and most hang gliders have no protective structure around the pilot. However, the dividing line between	between	ADP	basic	ADJ	 basic
Beyoncé learned some of the choreography from Shakira, who created most of them and taught Beyoncé some belly dancing	dancing	VERB	moves	NOUN	 moves
He had trouble fitting in at the school, and discovered gangs and rock and roll. He was expelled	expelled	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In this episode, on the night of a show, head writer Liz Lemon grows increasingly infuriated when no	no	DET	one	NOUN	 one
The two ships were forced to stop at Ship Island so Chickasaw's engines could be repaired. That required	required	VERB	only	ADV	 only
It was dark and warm and brown. When you go inside, you can barely see things, but	but	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Because of this, the Chittenango ovate amber snail is referred to in many publications as Succinea ovalis chittenangoensis.	.	PUNCT	Pilsbry	PROPN	 Pilsbry
Davis was reelected in 1834, aided by a general dislike in Massachusetts for President Jackson's attacks on the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
This led to a general decline in the house and its grounds. Professor George Gilbert Pond was the first	first	ADJ	person	NOUN	 person
Season long suspensions were considered a possibility, but Landis decided to suspend the pair for six weeks. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The country also suffered from shortages of fuel and potable water even before the disaster. President Préval and government	government	NOUN	ministers	NOUN	 ministers
Starring Peter Breck, Peggy McCay, Carroll O'Connor, and Angela Cartwright, the film blends several of the	the	DET	short	ADJ	 short
The mill stands on a site where a mill was first recorded in the Domesday Book, but the present	present	ADJ	building	NOUN	 building
Furthermore, substantial repairs on the rigging were needed, and she needed her hull heated to kill worms.	.	PUNCT	La	PROPN	 La
At the age of ten Bennett was admitted to the London Royal Academy of Music (RAM), where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Sellafield has a history of environmental and safety problems, including a fire in a nuclear plant in Windscale,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On arrival in Haiti, Madeleine Short reunites with her fiancé Neil Parker, with imminent plans to be married	married	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1990s, proposals were made to establish a law school, a medical school, and a school	school	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
S. t. salicamans occurs west of the Sierra Nevada range during the summer and in south and central Baja California	California	PROPN	Peninsula	PROPN	 Peninsula
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting and clash of battle. When you were kids	kids	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Chris and Sheva follow Wesker to a bomber loaded with missiles containing the Uroboros virus, injecting him with additional	additional	ADJ	doses	NOUN	 doses
The score remained the same, but the sound was touched up and converted to Dolby Digital. The orchestral	orchestral	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
" Mattel described them as " the first reality based fashion doll brand " with " authentic style, attitude	attitude	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Schwarz Unax Ugalde as Roberto " El Vaquerito " Rodríguez Joaquim de Almeida as René Barrientos Originally, Che was	was	AUX	intended	VERB	 intended
Mephedrone was first seized in France in May 2007, after police sent a tablet they assumed to be ecstasy	ecstasy	NOUN	to	PART	 to
An imposing figure in the centre of defence thanks to his stature, Carlisle also provided an attacking threat from	from	ADP	set	ADJ	 set
Bynoe serves on several boards of directors. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Bynoe came from a well respected	respected	ADJ	family	NOUN	 family
Princeton went on to win the tournament, its first NCAA national championship. During the 1993 NCAA Division I	I	PROPN	Men	PROPN	 Men
The roadway leaves the commercial corridor and returns to woodland before the intersection with Forestville Road and Commerce Drive.	.	PUNCT	Wright	PROPN	 Wright
Overlord Karellen, the " Supervisor for Earth, " who speaks directly only to Rikki Stormgren, the UN	UN	PROPN	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
(There's no getting away from it) so why even try? " Upon their meeting, Martin	Martin	PROPN	presented	VERB	 presented
The cyclone, then a tropical depression, tracked to the west northwest through the islands, slowly strengthening into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Kimball's presidency was noted for the 1978 announcement ending the restriction on church members of black African descent being	being	AUX	ordained	VERB	 ordained
The rear of the car was completely redesigned, with the rear wing no longer part of the long tail	tail	NOUN	bodywork	NOUN	 bodywork
Nagle always worked hard and subsidised their income by making cream teas, cleaning windows and scrubbing toilets. The	The	DET	couple	NOUN	 couple
There's something real repressed about it. In a way, it's more twisted than my stuff.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Tiring of his position as county archaeologist, finding it " too safe, pensionable and superannuable ", in	in	ADP	1978	NUM	 1978
Women could now serve in the Navy as an officer or at an enlisted level, with a rank or	or	CCONJ	rating	NOUN	 rating
The district has 127 libraries supported by the government, one private library and one district library. One of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born in Oslo in 1864 to a Norwegian father and an English mother, Carsten Borchgrevink emigrated to Australia in	in	ADP	1888	NUM	 1888
The last geographic feature of the Rocky Mountains traversed before the highway reaches the Great Plains is the Dakota Hogback	Hogback	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Bomb responded, and the two brawled briefly. Leading up to Survivor Series, Bomb and Bigelow faced each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
The main part of the belt terminated in seven inch (178 mm) transverse bulkheads. Above the belt	belt	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
His father had died in 1831, requiring Tennyson to return home and take responsibility for the family. Tennyson	Tennyson	PROPN	's	PART	's
The German battlecruisers were steaming to starboard, while the British ships steamed to port. At 17: 45	45	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Monthly estimated sales figures are as follows: Batgirl No. 1 with 81,489 copies (ranked 12th overall)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He was reported to have been fitted with a pacemaker to control his heart rhythm abnormalities. Yevgeniy Chazov,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Having handed over to Squadron Leader Bill Bostock on 22 November 1931, Cobby was promoted to wing commander on	on	ADP	1	NUM	 1
Gordon Van Kleeck, a private in Company F of the U.S. 51st Pioneer Infantry, one of the units	units	NOUN	aboard	ADP	 aboard
He held a conference on space manufacturing at Princeton in 1975. Many who became post Apollo era space activists	activists	NOUN	attended	VERB	 attended
When eating, men use a single spoon to fill their plates from the communal bowl and to eat the	the	DET	food	NOUN	 food
While the domestic horse and donkey (along with their feral descendants) exist worldwide, wild equine populations are	are	AUX	limited	VERB	 limited
The men were stopped at a major trading port in Suriname on the north coast of South America where Greenwood	Greenwood	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He owed his name to the place where he taught, Melun in France. Robert studied under Peter Abelard	Abelard	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ives immediately announced that he strongly disagreed with the jury's findings, and that " the evidence does not	not	PART	warrant	VERB	 warrant
In an article for the Akron Beacon Journal, Angela's Eyes main character Abigail Spencer was compared to Shawn	Shawn	PROPN	Spencer	PROPN	 Spencer
Many projects were mooted since the 1990s for establishing museums of communism in Sofia, Dimitrovgrad, and Haskovo,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The area within Soviet territorial waters was off limits to the U.S., South Korean, and Japanese boats.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
The stone used in construction at the site is a soft limestone. This has resulted in severe erosion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the second largest and second most massive of the Uranian moons, and the ninth most massive moon	moon	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
So, therefore, although we consider it reflected glory on us and our people to keep the ashes and	and	CCONJ	bones	NOUN	 bones
It lies in a wooded area about 100 metres (330 ft) off the main road. The spring	spring	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Their main battery turrets had 4 in thick faces and the supporting barbettes had 13.75 in (349 mm)	)	PUNCT	thick	ADJ	 thick
He maintained contact with his former comrades from the 6th SS Division, attending many reunions. On 12 September	September	PROPN	1990	NUM	 1990
Bognetti believes that Longinus may have planned to make the Lombards weaker by depriving them of any legitimate heir.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Dalton hypothesized this was due to the differences in mass and complexity of the gases ' respective particles. Indeed	Indeed	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Barton feels close to the theatre, confident that it can help him create work that honors " the common	common	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
This door is of similar design to the front door at the north of the house, and has four	four	NUM	steps	NOUN	 steps
Eventually their orbits will be dispersed by gravitational perturbations, although depending on the rate of fragmentation of the constituent	constituent	NOUN	parts	NOUN	 parts
Although he noted, " Replacement drummer Michael Lee fills in [for de Freitas] adequately but not completely	completely	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On August 28, it weakened to a tropical storm, and early on August 30, Howard was considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
When the disused nests of weavers are utilised, they are simply given a soft lining. The nest entrance	entrance	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Added with DVR viewers, " Slow Down Your Neighbors " received a 6.5 rating in the 18 – 49	49	NUM	demographic	ADJ	 demographic
Gregg Township had no wastewater treatment plant until an 800,000 gallon / day (304 m3 / day) plant	plant	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
And we wanted to try and ground the movie as much as we could. And Red Skull, he	he	PRON	’	PUNCT	 ’
One house was destroyed and more than 100 houses were affected in Ponce, forcing several families to evacuate.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to these accounts, Léna first found the pig in Slieve Bloom, and was responsible for its nourishment	nourishment	NOUN	until	SCONJ	 until
Every February, Mumbai holds derby races at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse. Mcdowell's Derby is also held in February	February	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
They began to play together as a duo and in 1957, deciding their central interest was blues, they	they	PRON	closed	VERB	 closed
He spent only a year in the position before moving to Philadelphia to open a practice with his friend William	William	PROPN	Shippen	PROPN	 Shippen
To disguise his control of Fingal, and the destination of her cargo, Bulloch hired an English crew and	and	CCONJ	captain	NOUN	 captain
Gaga has often been compared to Madonna who admits that she sees herself reflected in Gaga. In response to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Three riders joined Bernard before the start of the final climb in Madesimo, but Bernard dropped them early on	on	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Often, teams will finish a season with identical records. It becomes necessary, therefore, to devise means	means	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Hirwaunissa incline was longer and narrower than the other two, and only included a single track. Recent	Recent	ADJ	research	NOUN	 research
On March 17, 2008, Gibson sued six retailers (GameStop, Amazon.com, Wal Mart, Target,	,	PUNCT	Toys	PROPN	 Toys
Guava, longans, lychees, persimmon and " pok pok " (also called voanantsindrana [vunˈtsinɖʳanə ̥]	]	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
At the center, he locates a man named Miguel and presumably Home world's Frozen Flame. Charged with	with	ADP	guarding	VERB	 guarding
Following the excavation, most of the human remains were reburied in clay pots beneath their original contexts, some	some	PRON	are	AUX	 are
In the U.S. it peaked at # 50 on the Billboard charts — a good showing, but not a	a	DET	hit	NOUN	 hit
" Then Siddha Raja caused images of " horse lords " and other great kings to be placed in the	the	DET	temple	NOUN	 temple
One of the old instrumentation bunkers is visible beside the road just west of ground zero. An inner oblong	oblong	ADJ	fence	NOUN	 fence
However, Miles defends Kirsty when he learns Leah had argued with Kirsty over her deceit. The state of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The battle ended with Angle attacking Cena and the two proceeding to fight in the ring. Another prominent match	match	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The mosque was built by Muhammad in 622 after his arrival in the city of Medina. Riding on a	a	DET	camel	NOUN	 camel
The net effect of this plan would be to ensure that the conquered territories would be Germanized. It was	was	AUX	divided	VERB	 divided
The story of Shantae Advance involved Risky having her Tinkerbats dig under Sequin Land, and putting a pillar in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Calthrop was a notable promoter and builder of narrow gauge railways, especially of 2 ft 6 in (762	762	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
Let the rivalry begin ". The following year, the rivalry game was played at M & T Bank	Bank	PROPN	Stadium	PROPN	 Stadium
It stands on a low mound with a circumference of approximately 120 yards (110 m); the wall	wall	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
It is explicitly intended to be a revival of the " Loyal Officers " who overthrew Xenu. Its logo	logo	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Another 1,000 people were arrested, bringing the total to 2,500. News of the mass arrests of children had	had	AUX	reached	VERB	 reached
She once made a junior staffer look through a photographer's trash to find a picture he had refused to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
Henry worked hard to present an image of unchallengeable authority and irresistible power. A large well built athlete (	(	PUNCT	over	ADP	over
The Lewisville Police Department had 27 sworn police officers in 1977, and the number had increased to 136 by	by	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
The black currawong is about 50 cm (20 in) long with an 80 cm (31 in)	)	PUNCT	wingspan	NOUN	 wingspan
On June 9, 2016, Hughes was struck in the left knee off a line drive from J.T. Realmuto	Realmuto	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Shirley was not granted formal hearings on other aspects of his conduct, and managed to convince Newcastle to overlook	overlook	VERB	the	DET	 the
Unseasonably heavy rains triggered widespread flooding which shut down roads and prompted evacuations. One fatality took place offshore after	after	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
By 1978 the fleet had dwindled to 217 surface ships and 119 submarines. Meanwhile, the Soviet fleet had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Shortly thereafter, the Diet approved an additional ¥ 90 million to complete Akagi and Amagi as carriers. Construction	Construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the eradication of a nest, satellite nests emerge nearby, and may sever their connections with the parent	parent	NOUN	nest	NOUN	 nest
Plans were finalized in 1919 to rebuild the previously inadequate road; the project cost an estimated $43,500 (	(	PUNCT	$	SYM	$
In this episode, Jake tries to fulfill a bizarre lifelong ambition of being a brick inside a shack as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" Other Midwestern schools soon followed suit, including the University of Chicago, Northwestern University, and the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
[sic] " After a legal dispute lasting for nearly a year, Apple settled out of court,	,	PUNCT	paying	VERB	 paying
" Warren Jeffs ' prison life has been tumultuous. At Utah's Purgatory Correctional Facility, he suffered from	from	ADP	infected	ADJ	 infected
Stanton found that the song was about two naive young men looking for love, which was similar to WALL	WALL	PROPN	E	PROPN	 E
In the southeast corner of the house was a full three story projecting tower set at a 45° angle	angle	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The initial electric burst is very short, containing only 10 – 64 pulses, but is still strong enough	enough	ADV	to	PART	 to
As water temperatures remained very warm along its path, the hurricane was able to intensify quickly. Roslyn reached	reached	VERB	peak	NOUN	 peak
NBA President Maurice Podoloff said, " In our game, with the number of stars we have, we	we	PRON	of	ADP	 of
He wrote, " For Government borrowing of one kind or another is nature's remedy, so to speak	speak	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The result was a " slaughterpen ", as the Second Maryland and the Third North Carolina regiments courageously charged	charged	VERB	a	DET	 a
The intervention in Sierra Leone was the fourth expeditionary operation and the second significant deployment undertaken by Her Majesty's	's	PART	Armed	PROPN	 Armed
On December 23, Robinson tied his career high (set twice at Williams) with six assists against Bryant	Bryant	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The sinuate gills are pale and often yellowish, becoming pink as the spores develop. The thick whitish stem	stem	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
In a March 2015 interview with Four Two Nine magazine, Franco again opened up about his sexuality, commenting	commenting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
". His reply infuriated Bazaghari's companions, who threatened to kill him, so Yazid offered to split	split	VERB	the	DET	 the
In late March, VIII Corps advanced eastward through Eisenach and then across the Fulda River. Here some of	of	ADP	Middleton	PROPN	 Middleton
The castle stands upon the plug of an extinct volcano, which is estimated to have risen about 350 million	million	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Herc, in his review for Ain't It Cool News, praised the reliability of Jeffrey Combs as Shran	Shran	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 9th Division suffered a high number of casualties during this battle and did not take part in the pursuit	pursuit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Street trees are also protected during construction. A large percentage of people who live in urban areas have access	access	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
At Phoenicia, the largest settlement since Kingston, NY 214 reaches its southern terminus at the highway. Past	Past	PROPN	Phoenicia	PROPN	 Phoenicia
Up to three players, as the Battletoads, brawl aliens and mutant rodents through six levels to save the	the	DET	universe	NOUN	 universe
The two wings on each side act as one by virtue of wing locking mechanisms. In some groups,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
All of the pieces are the same as on the Original Soundtrack except for " Main Theme of Final Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	VII	PROPN	 VII
Grand Met was attempting to diversify, and was attracted to Pillsbury's brands, which they believed held under	under	ADP	exploited	VERB	 exploited
The third view takes a middle ground that allows for certain exceptions to the approach in the second view.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
" Majulah Singapura " was presented to the nation on 3 December at the launch of " Loyalty Week "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Murray and the Royal Society argued for a largely civilian expedition, directed and staffed by scientists, while Markham	Markham	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, a large upper tropospheric anticyclone developed over the southern Atlantic coast, producing the favorable wind shear needed	needed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The importance of these markets and fairs for the sale of wool and wine, and later of cloth,	,	PUNCT	declined	VERB	 declined
The Hay draft differed from the version of the Gettysburg Address published by John Nicolay in 1894 in a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Governor Gawler visited the early discovery and the first mine, Wheal Gawler, was named in his honour.	.	PUNCT	South	PROPN	 South
Craig started his Test career well, scoring 53 and 47 to ensure his selection for the 1953 Ashes tour	tour	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Subliminally, there were aspects of both. " Along with Klingon cosmetics, makeup supervisor Michael J. Mills was	was	AUX	kept	VERB	 kept
In 2009, the show was nominated for an EWwy Award for Best Comedy Series. The series was officially	officially	ADV	canceled	VERB	 canceled
Moreover, he financed new building works in the city. Ownership of Amman following Sirghitmish's death in 1358	1358	NUM	passed	VERB	 passed
His Leeds counterpart, Don Revie, conceded Liverpool had been the better team, but was determined to make	make	VERB	amends	VERB	 amends
He had not participated earlier in any Olympic games or events. Figueroa took part in the fifth match during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
This formation has produced the remains of Glacialisaurus (a large basal sauropodomorph), a crow sized pterosaur (	(	PUNCT	a	DET	a
She read a free verse poem calling for world peace as an introduction to Peter Gabriel's performance of "	"	PUNCT	Imagine	NOUN	 Imagine
He became interested in professional wrestling at a young age; his favorite wrestlers included Mr. Perfect, Randy Savage	Savage	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He was only able to recognize a few people, including his wife, Nancy. He remained active,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
" " Akidagain " features a children's choir and samples Ahmad's " Back in the Day ".	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
At this point he read a book which inspired his interest in politics: Zheng Guanying's Sheng shih Wei	Wei	PROPN	yen	NOUN	 yen
The World Cup brought more than 500,000 tourists and an estimated R $1 billion in revenue to the city	city	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Two wildfires were sparked in Kenedy County and Kleberg County, burning 300 and 20 acres (121.4 and 8.1	8.1	NUM	ha	NOUN	 ha
I haven't listened to a note since ", and called Stockhausen's statements " hubris " and "	"	PUNCT	nonsense	NOUN	 nonsense
Another Californian species, Suillus quiescens, newly described in 2010, may resemble S. pungens, especially at maturity	maturity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The combination of a taxation system biased against private property developments and legal restrictions on raising rents made the company	company	NOUN	's	PART	's
Also, because hospital patients are often ill (which is why they are present in the hospital),	,	PUNCT	comorbidities	NOUN	 comorbidities
Race leader David Millar spent the evening discussing with members of Leopard Trek, his teammate (and Weylandt's	's	PART	training	NOUN	 training
" Kokuhaku " was used as Guilty Crown's second ending theme, and " Bokura no Ashiato " was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
It's not manufactured. No one paid these kids. " One Direction performed " What Makes You Beautiful	Beautiful	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
They are also used for endurance riding, western riding and combined driving. Approximately 1,000 Finnhorses are used in	in	ADP	riding	VERB	 riding
This shot was not intended to use effects; however, " it's impossible to get a toy plane	plane	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He started all 24 games in his two seasons at Alabama, during which time the team compiled a 21	21	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
However, Grace Dent, also of The Guardian, described it as " of great televisual comfort ".	.	PUNCT	Alexandra	PROPN	 Alexandra
In the 1960s, FES was marketed in Nigeria as " gives you power " and its consumption was linked	linked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" He also credited former Giants owner Wellington Mara for being supportive of him saying, " [h]	]	X	e	NOUN	 e
Bewick's fame, already nationwide across Britain for his Birds, grew during the nineteenth century. In 1830	1830	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In Mier, the spillway of the Las Blancas Dam was overtopped, causing a river bridge to be destroyed	destroyed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
These facts were disputed by the Anjouan administration which insisted that one of the two Comoran soldiers who had attacked	attacked	VERB	Anjouanais	PROPN	 Anjouanais
One of her students was Harding's sister Charity. By 1886, Florence Kling had obtained a divorce,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She was decommissioned in February 1947 and placed in reserve, where she remained until she was stricken in 1960	1960	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The Game Gear primarily competed with Nintendo's Game Boy, the Atari Lynx and NEC's TurboExpress. The	The	DET	handheld	ADJ	 handheld
The other three turrets were placed aft of the superstructure. The secondary battery consisted of twenty one 5 inch	inch	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
For Enthiran's soundtrack and score, A. R. Rahman made use of the Continuum Fingerboard, an instrument he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Dr. Dre has four sons and a daughter: In 1981, Dr. Dre and Cassandra Joy Greene had a	a	DET	son	NOUN	 son
In 2007, McGill students arrived in bus loads to cheer on the McGill Redmen, occupying a third of	of	ADP	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
The video was named both " Video of the Year " and " Best Rock Video " at the 3rd	3rd	ADJ	annual	ADJ	 annual
The episode received positive reviews from critics following the thirteenth season's release on DVD and Blu Ray. The	The	DET	Simpsons	PROPN	 Simpsons
The 2011 Egyptian protests posed the most challenging foreign policy crisis for the administration yet. Clinton's public response	response	NOUN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
The electrification of the Chatham Main Line to Dover and Ramsgate in 1959 deprived the class of some of its	its	PRON	work	NOUN	 work
But Achilles was not present, and Menelaus won Helen, who bore Hermione to him. The marriage of	of	ADP	Helen	PROPN	 Helen
Before Ashman's death, members of the film's production team visited him after the film's well received	received	VERB	first	ADJ	 first
Since Ballard sang, as did Paul Williams ' girlfriend Betty McGlown, the Primes's manager Milton Jenkins decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
She was a staple of Italian television variety shows and a dominant figure in Italian pop music from the mid	mid	ADJ	1960s	NOUN	 1960s
The typical pattern of volcanism in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago is for each eruption site to see just a single eruption	eruption	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
King states that Gaudapada's main work, Māṇḍukya Kārikā, is infused with philosophical terminology of Buddhism, and	and	CCONJ	uses	VERB	 uses
Because of an injury to Giants starting catcher Bengie Molina, Posey was called up to the majors for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The origin of the Namib Desert Horse is unclear, though several theories have been put forward. Genetic tests	tests	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The BMO was specifically formed to train and support the royalists on the course of the war. According to	to	ADP	Duff	PROPN	 Duff
The film and television actor Lee Patterson, a native of Vancouver, British Columbia, lived in Galveston and	and	CCONJ	died	VERB	 died
This change has made a marked improvement in the appearance of the coin. On May 26, samples of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He became demanding of his followers, encouraging them to adopt European style intellectual improvement. The Mission's schools	schools	NOUN	meanwhile	ADV	 meanwhile
" Independiente was composed and written within one year, and marks the fourth time Arjona had collaborated with Tommy	Tommy	PROPN	Torres	PROPN	 Torres
Bleiler also comments that of three short stories, one is dated and another third rate. Two of the	the	DET	stories	NOUN	 stories
The Whitehall Theatre opened in 1930 at the north west end of the street, on a site that had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
It is a part of the Jefferson County Public School District. DuPont Manual is recognized by the United States	States	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
It then crosses Eagle Canyon via a pair of steel arch bridges. The eastbound bridge is 489 feet (	(	PUNCT	149	NUM	149
The 1926 stage adaptation of Owen Davis, subsequently developed, became the 1926 film version. The play,	,	PUNCT	directed	VERB	 directed
In his review, Kapur stated that he felt the Six Man Tag Team match was " an overbooked train	train	NOUN	wreck	NOUN	 wreck
Amman received many refugees during wartime events in nearby countries, beginning with the 1948 Arab – Israeli War.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Kartik struggled, taking 2 / 129 against East and then 0 / 178 in the first innings as North	North	PROPN	Zone	PROPN	 Zone
It was written by Lindy Robbins and Toby Gad, with the latter also producing the song. The song	song	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Snow wrote two whole chapters about Peng in his book, Red Star Over China. He wrote more about	about	ADP	Peng	PROPN	 Peng
On December 2, Ulis earned recognition on the 50 man Naismith College Player of the Year watchlist and 33	33	NUM	man	NOUN	 man
The remaining troops of the 2nd Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and ' A ' Company, 12th	12th	ADJ	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
According to Nintendo Power, Mileena's original powers " may prove insufficient " for using her with same effectiveness	effectiveness	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Khalid also remained military Governor of Iraq from 632 – 633 and Governor of Chalcis, the most strategic cantonment	cantonment	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" This oft cited quote became a shorthand for the charge that Bush failed to contemplate or articulate important policy	policy	NOUN	positions	NOUN	 positions
The first is when the intuitive general principles conflict in particular cases. The second is when, " though	though	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
After successfully advocating for a Muslim woman who experienced domestic abuse, Kathryn is appointed head of the department of	of	ADP	gender	NOUN	 gender
Many Arabic type fonts feature special ligatures for Allah. Unicode has a codepoint reserved for Allāh, ﷲ =	=	PROPN	U	PROPN	 U
Mirrors and oil lamps were often made of either bronze or iron. Coin money minted during the Han was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
The illustrations depict the wider landscape of Near Sawrey: Bull Banks, Oatmeal Crag, and Esthwaite Water.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She was sent to a convent after her education in Manila. The convent she was studying in was the	the	DET	Santa	PROPN	 Santa
There have been long running debates over whether the Army Reserve and its structure remain relevant to modern warfare.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Other prominent symbols include the beaver, Canada goose, common loon, the Crown, the Royal Canadian Mounted	Mounted	PROPN	Police	PROPN	 Police
Futterman enjoyed the performance, thinking that it was " the episode's most fun moment and beats out last	last	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
Arnold hoped that Kenney and the two newly minted brigadier generals could make the best use of what was available	available	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
On hearing the news of her dog's death Hindley became furious, and accused the police of murdering Puppet	Puppet	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A heavy woollen greatcoat was worn during cold weather. The uniform was a drab " pea soup " or	or	CCONJ	khaki	PROPN	 khaki
If he too decides to work for 12 hours, his production possibilities set will be determined by the following	following	VERB	relations	NOUN	 relations
Shortly afterward, Smith married telephone repairman Marshall Haynes. In the early 1970s, Haynes frequently toured with Connie	Connie	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
In 1950, Gilbert Percy Whitley described O. herbsti from Australian specimens, separating them from O. ferox on the	the	DET	basis	NOUN	 basis
The 2004 Iowa caucuses marked a turning point in the campaign for the Democratic nomination, however, as front	front	ADJ	runners	NOUN	 runners
After the 1903 winter had passed, Scott prepared for the second main journey of the expedition: an ascent	ascent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The quack practitioner market was the very sector that the Pulvermacher Company's unrestrained claims were aimed at. Nevertheless	Nevertheless	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The pack was announced to be in development at the Game Developers Conference on March 11, 2010. BioWare	BioWare	PROPN	remarked	VERB	 remarked
When the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) broke away from the IFA in 1921 following allegations of the	the	DET	IFA	PROPN	 IFA
Influenza models, such as murine influenza, are convenient models to test the effects of prophylactic and therapeutic biologics	biologics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The band, by this point, had recorded the concert that would see release in August as Live by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Pathan was instrumental in India's One day international and Test series wins in Pakistan in 2004. He was	was	AUX	described	VERB	 described
The writers attempted this by including more " human themes, " mainly " the things Sam and Dean are	are	AUX	truly	ADV	 truly
It marked the biggest opening weekend out of any film in both Washington and Crowe's careers. In its	its	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
Nevertheless, he campaigned widely for the Whigs against the Democratic presidential candidate, former Michigan senator Lewis Cass.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The stipe may be central to lateral in its attachment to the cap and is up to 8 cm (	(	PUNCT	3	NUM	3
The first Big Ten game between the two was an upset for Johns Hopkins 15 12 with a rematch in	in	ADP	NCAA	PROPN	 NCAA
She told the newspaper that she was resigning because Labour's Westminster leadership had undermined her attempts to reform the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
As the horse developed as a cursorial animal, with a primary defense mechanism of running over hard ground,	,	PUNCT	its	PRON	 its
In 1995, the award ceremony for Spellemannsprisen, Norwegian music's highest award, was held at Håkons Hall	Hall	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Not fully fit, he was tightly marked and made little impact in the match. Liverpool had a chance	chance	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Committee's purpose was to conduct inquiries, oversee the operation of the League's health work, and	and	CCONJ	prepare	VERB	 prepare
Soderbergh drew inspiration from the cinema verite style of Ken Loach's films, studying the framing of scenes,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The entire property is contained inside a 300 by 300 foot square plot of land. A flagpole is located	located	VERB	outside	ADP	 outside
After clearing the woods, they planted stands of Norway Spruce and white pine, as well as an apple	apple	NOUN	orchard	NOUN	 orchard
Besides the Constitutional Convention in May 1787, United States politics was no longer centered in Philadelphia. Due to	to	ADP	political	ADJ	 political
The following day, the Australians were subjected to heavy shelling before they were withdrawn on 6 August. After	After	ADP	this	PRON	 this
It is possible that this design had Iranian inspiration. A similar system was applied to window building. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He distinguished himself in the fight against Turkish corsairs in the Aegean Sea, and received the title of "	"	PUNCT	King	PROPN	 King
After remaining at Pearl Harbor until 27 January 1945, Yancey departed for the Marianas with elements and cargo of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Word of the museum's collection continued to spread until, according to " Permanent Interim Acting Director " Louise	Louise	PROPN	Reilly	PROPN	 Reilly
With the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, St Mawes was reoccupied by the British Army.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" Ironically, the sunny post daybreak conditions depicted as occurring at the time used as the episode's title	title	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Overall, the war had a significantly negative impact on the Australia economy. Real aggregate Gross Domestic Product (	(	PUNCT	GDP	PROPN	GDP
He became a trial lawyer for a law firm and later served for four years in Boonville as a public	public	ADJ	prosecutor	NOUN	 prosecutor
Fiasco was born Wasalu Muhammad Jaco on February 16, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois. Of West African descent	descent	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Warner Communications also expressed disappointment at the number of sales. Lower than expected sales figures combined with excess inventory	inventory	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I guess King George will be able to read that! " Various legends about the signing of the Declaration	Declaration	PROPN	emerged	VERB	 emerged
Eklund and other actors auditioned in Vancouver, and the producers reviewed tapes of their previous work. As executive	executive	ADJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
The changeover period during which the former currencies ' notes and coins were exchanged for those of the euro lasted	lasted	VERB	about	ADV	 about
It referred to the small doors of the straw houses in which the indigenous population lived. Chiquitos has since	since	ADV	been	AUX	 been
In 1973, Veikko Hintikka reported a technique to distinguish between Armillaria species by growing them together as single spore	spore	ADJ	isolates	NOUN	 isolates
Because of a rise in costs and a decline in sales prices, Malawi is encouraging farmers away from tobacco	tobacco	NOUN	towards	ADP	 towards
Eamon Sweeney from the Irish Independent called Eminem's performance only " mildly impressive ". On July 21,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
Thus, the whole sequence was nixed. Director Kim Manners called the first three acts of the episode "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" At first Baylis presented both drama and opera at each of her theatres; the companies were known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thistle's kit maker is Spanish manufacturers Joma, having replaced Puma Sports at the start of the 2013 –	–	PUNCT	14	NUM	 14
With the increasing industrialisation and urbanisation of Manchester and Salford during the 18th and 19th centuries, the moor became	became	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Morgan's " Nicholson esque quality " continues with actor Fredric Lehne. Though uncertain of why he was specifically	specifically	ADV	sought	VERB	 sought
MD 97 crosses MD 28 (Norbeck Road) in Norbeck, and continues past some residences where it intersects	intersects	VERB	MD	PROPN	 MD
Two festival dates were initially revealed: the first will be the Ramblin ' Man Fair in Maidstone, Kent	Kent	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Two sites are widely held to be the Ahalya tirtha. One is located near Ahalyeshvara Temple in Bhalod,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Stone Age settlers began to build in wood in what is now Scotland from at least 8,000 years ago.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The trade newspaper Variety estimated that, " The stunt will put the footage in front of 90% of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
After refitting some of the submarines there, the squadron arrived at Yokosuka on 18 June. In 1924 two	two	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Scott Mendelson of Forbes felt the trailer was " such a textbook ' dark sequel ' trailer that it borders	borders	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Accordingly, the German admiral withdrew his ships from Papeete's harbor by 11: 00. After leaving Papeete	Papeete	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nagle withdrew from the field trial scene in the mid 1960s following the retirement of her handler, George Abbott	Abbott	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The programme's executive producer Russell T Davies, who conceived the idea while researching for Casanova, described the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
On May 22, 2000, she erroneously filed charges of verbal assault against Nívea Hernández, the mother of	of	ADP	then	ADV	 then
Augvald's kingdom further expanded to incorporate parts of what is today south western Hordaland. Augvald had several daughters	daughters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Moses Hazen had served as a lieutenant in the 44th Regiment during the French and Indian War and was receiving	receiving	VERB	a	DET	 a
Shay visited a local tavern that night and had some drinks. The tavern owner took Shay to a beauty	beauty	NOUN	parlor	NOUN	 parlor
" (Chimalpahin, " Annals of His Time "). " It became known here in Mexico and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
It is one of a number of different inter house events on the school social calendar. The Ledder The	The	DET	Ledder	PROPN	 Ledder
It is 12 miles (19 km) west of Bristol Temple Meads railway station, and 130 miles (	(	PUNCT	209	NUM	209
In one of his most infamous moments, he blew a save in the bottom of the ninth inning,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Local rescue organisations have been established in North America and Australia by volunteers to treat and rehabilitate injured pelicans and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
The loss to Virginia brought Virginia Tech to an 8 – 3 regular season record, something Tech coach Frank	Frank	PROPN	Beamer	PROPN	 Beamer
Although the swords were intended to be safer alternatives to metal weapons, they could still be dangerous: in	in	ADP	one	NUM	 one
From the end of the eleventh century, universities had been founded across Europe, developing as semi autonomous centres	centres	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The plot is also divided into dual currents, one focusing on Lena Grove and the other on Joe Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The story was serialised weekly in Le Soir Jeunesse, the children's supplement to Le Soir, Belgium's	's	PART	leading	VERB	 leading
The ride reopened on June 5, 2012. The four WindSeekers opened in 2011 are based on the same	same	ADJ	prototype	NOUN	 prototype
As the plotters hoped to attain legitimacy for their choice of governor in the eyes of the king, identifying	identifying	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
He had been at a race meeting at the invitation of the QCA president. The ACB gave Harvey a	a	DET	talking	NOUN	 talking
It is estimated that Trudy reached its peak intensity around 09: 15 UTC on October 18 with maximum sustained	sustained	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
The focus of the programme was disafforestation and sale of forest lands for conversion to pasture and arable farming,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
John's ethical quandary as to whether murder is ever acceptable, and his coping with the murder of his	his	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
Anna Seward, however, wrote about Sabrina's upbringing in her 1804 work, Memoirs on the Life of	of	ADP	Dr.	PROPN	 Dr.
" Reviews for The Hungry Saw described the album as containing " foreboding, compelling soul ", and "	"	PUNCT	blue	ADJ	 blue
Accepted by the Air Force the following year, he finished at Keyham in August and trained as a pilot	pilot	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Chandrasekaran, accompanied by Saraswati, reaches Tiruchi safely and becomes a judge, but Gnanasekaran is lost in the	the	DET	journey	NOUN	 journey
The athlete and runner Timothy Benjamin (born 1982) was born and raised in Radyr. Another notable resident	resident	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The proposal was supported by Kent County Council and a 2 mile (3.2 km) section between Hawkhurst and	and	CCONJ	Goudhurst	PROPN	 Goudhurst
The Cubs won the NL pennant in 1906, but lost the 1906 World Series to the Chicago White Sox	Sox	PROPN	four	NUM	 four
But the Greeks would not unite with him. In 338 BC Artaxerxes was poisoned by Bagoas with the assistance	assistance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Warren Harding was sworn in as president on March 4, 1921, in the presence of his wife and	and	CCONJ	father	NOUN	 father
By that year Webster's had an annual revenue of around £100 million and claimed 7 per cent of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song was written by the series ' music producer Adam Anders, Swedish pop music producer Max Martin,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Another worker told of how, working in a laundry, she every day held " a special instrument "	"	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Faust and the production team have acknowledged some of the fandom and fan created elements of the show and incorporated	incorporated	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Then on October 3, 2013, Fiasco announced the Tetsuo & Youth Preview tour to take place between November	November	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
The maximum production was achieved in 1981, at 8.3 million tonnes, and only 7 – 8% of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
The naming of meitnerium was discussed in the element naming controversy regarding the names of elements 104 to 109,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Its capital shifted twice between Agra and Allahabad. Due to dissatisfaction with British rule, a serious rebellion erupted	erupted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Near the end of the march, Gandhi declared, " I want world sympathy in this battle of right	right	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Henry's reign did not receive much attention from historians for many years after the 1950s: no substantial biographies	biographies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Europe and North America, most nesting takes place between March and June when temperatures are increasing. The	The	DET	actual	ADJ	 actual
The ships carried enough coal for one day's steaming. Pará carried a single 70 pounder Whitworth rifled muzzle	muzzle	NOUN	loader	PROPN	 loader
They also won a Cup in the 1989 – 90 season. The Oilers ' Cup streaks were interrupted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Papu's own conclusion about " Harap Alb ", outlined in a 1983 volume, depicted Creangă as a	a	DET	direct	ADJ	 direct
The Hokies recovered the post touchdown kickoff at their 20 yard line and began a scoring drive of their own	own	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
After Chuck repairs the computer, they find a redacted file on British scientist Hartley Winterbottom. Chuck, Sarah	Sarah	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By the end of the year, the Special Reserve as at 84% of its nominal strength; those	those	DET	officers	NOUN	 officers
In Antonio Paoli, Puerto Rico had the first Puerto Rican to reach international recognition in the performing arts.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
However, it becomes much broader in its middle and upper reaches. The watershed is developed. The number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The American Cocker Spaniel was recognized as a separate breed by the KC in the UK in 1970. The	The	DET	American	PROPN	 American
The Second Army artillery commander, Major General George Franks, co ordinated the corps artillery plans, particularly the	the	DET	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Through the actions of courtiers jealous of Barbara's devotion to Roger, pamphlets eventually spread about the affair.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The critic Sukanya Verma found Kapoor to be miscast as a village boy in the film, but noted that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
On November 28, Psy visited Thailand and held his concert " Gangnam Style Thailand Extra Live " at the	the	DET	SCG	PROPN	 SCG
After touring for Celebrity Skin finished, Auf der Maur left the band to tour with The Smashing Pumpkins;	;	PUNCT	Hole	PROPN	 Hole
Gilchrist opened the Australian batting in each match, taking a pinch hitting role in the opening powerplays. Initially	Initially	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
Olin Downes in The New York Times opined that " the new score seemed long and undistinguished ". The	The	DET	day	NOUN	 day
Shortly afterward, this land was subdivided and became Riverview Heights, with about 250 single family homes. The	The	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
The album's first track " Paralyzed " was released as a lyric video on September 13, 2011,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The X Files crew spent a total of eleven days filming on the Queen Mary, and erected wrap around	around	ADP	scaffolding	VERB	 scaffolding
The first Transylvanian Diet at which delegates from the Partium were present met in August 1544. At the Diet	Diet	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Indefatigable received a single QF 3 inch 20 cwt anti aircraft gun on a high angle Mark II mount in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Gilmour called him " my musical partner and my friend ", praised the ability of the two men's	's	PART	voices	NOUN	 voices
Once the river reaches the outskirts of Hull, its course is marked by a series of bridges, most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Andrew Simon of Vibe found a " handful " of songs to be poorly conceived and viewed that the album	album	NOUN	's	PART	's
Luger denied having joined, despite Tatanka claiming that he had evidence that Luger had " sold out " to	to	ADP	DiBiase	PROPN	 DiBiase
He is arrested and is placed in a jail cell across from a suspect being interrogated for Pfaster's crimes	crimes	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
They took special interest in the fields of medicine, pharmacology, and botany. Saladin built and maintained two	two	NUM	hospitals	NOUN	 hospitals
Steve Baker, the leading man of the Cotton Blossom and protective husband of Julie. Parthy Ann Hawks,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Research done by McCarthy and Taylor (1999), found that children with abusive childhood experiences were more	more	ADV	likely	ADJ	 likely
Some example trays are depicted in image 5. A more detailed, expanded image of two trays can be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
The final cost of the vessel was 20,301,000 marks. Following her commissioning, Kaiser Barbarossa was assigned to the	the	DET	I	PROPN	 I
" The song composed in the key E♭ Mixolydian and it set in time signature of compound time with	with	ADP	twelve	NUM	 twelve
The plane scene during which passengers die in mid air was created inside a very large sound stage. The	The	DET	three	NUM	 three
Odubade began his football career in England, playing in the Sussex County League for Eastbourne Town in 2002,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Korn will also be the latest act to be inducted into the world famous Hollywood Rockwalk on October 8,	,	PUNCT	2013	NUM	 2013
Instead, Zahir took Acre by force in July 1746. In the first few years following his takeover of	of	ADP	Acre	PROPN	 Acre
He described over 100 new species and 22 new genera of polychaete worms in a two volume work considered one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Robertson referred to the game's art style as " striking and engaging ". In its debut week,	,	PUNCT	Bravely	PROPN	 Bravely
Bradley Torreano, of review website Allmusic, gave Diorama four stars, labeling it an AMG Album Pick.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The plans attracted local opposition. The first consultation process ended in January 2010. They had proposed that each	each	DET	pylon	NOUN	 pylon
Smith became Surveyor to the company, but was dismissed in April 1799, apparently because he had used his	his	PRON	position	NOUN	 position
Baker's voice was also used when Lazenby was impersonating Bray, as Hunt considered Lazenby's imitation not convincing	convincing	VERB	enough	ADV	 enough
Internationally, the Commodore is again badge engineered as the Chevrolet Lumina and Chevrolet Omega, along with its new	new	ADJ	export	NOUN	 export
France failed to qualify for both competitions, which resulted in the end of Evra's youth career. Evra	Evra	PROPN	earned	VERB	 earned
In all three books, thematically relevant prayers and hymns by the likes of Philip Doddridge, Isaac Watts,	,	PUNCT	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
The Secret Speech, while it did not fundamentally change Soviet society, had wide ranging effects. The speech	speech	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Corliss calls Selena's singing an " expert mimicry of everything from Édith Piaf's melodramatic contralto to the coloratura	coloratura	NOUN	riffs	NOUN	 riffs
It is in the parish of Amlwch, which has three other churches in the surrounding area (St Eilian	Eilian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The latter are stabilized by more fluorine atoms and lighter central atoms, so sulfur hexafluoride is especially inert.	.	PUNCT	Chlorine	PROPN	 Chlorine
During the Second World War Formby worked extensively for the Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA), and entertained	entertained	VERB	civilians	NOUN	 civilians
Ikuhiko Hata estimates that 50,000 Chinese soldiers were killed in combat during the entire battle whereas Jay Taylor puts the	the	DET	number	NOUN	 number
There were earlier efforts of reform, originating from the lower clergy, and from about 1551 by Bishop Stanislaus	Stanislaus	PROPN	Hosius	PROPN	 Hosius
The second round saw Mills use foot stomps and elbows from the clinch, which prevented Wallhead from utilising his	his	PRON	wrestling	NOUN	 wrestling
John of Worcester says that the group supporting Edgar vacillated over what to do while William ravaged the countryside,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Using Gordon's stolen speech, Bane reveals the cover up of Dent's crimes and releases the prisoners of	of	ADP	Blackgate	PROPN	 Blackgate
In 2008, Coral Springs High School received a " B, " and in 2010 the school received its	its	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Between 1985 and 1993, Premier operated as the " Official Cruise Line of Walt Disney World " with onboard	onboard	PROPN	Disney	PROPN	 Disney
The castles took their names from the traditional term for this location, " the Cowes ". Constructed in	in	ADP	1539	NUM	 1539
One critic — Eliot Glazer of Vulture — called the early morning time slot " terrible ", directing readers	readers	NOUN	toward	ADP	 toward
During more than 70 engagements, some 140 Brimstone missiles and Paveway IV bombs were deployed in total (roughly	roughly	ADV	half	DET	 half
His obituary in The Times newspaper described him as possessing a " commanding presence with a rich, responsive voice	voice	NOUN	…	PUNCT	 …
Large fortunes were made by a few, who then sought to surround themselves with buildings and gardens appropriate to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
" Jamie McMurray, who finished second, said that his season " has actually been really good, winning	winning	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was written by Judith and Garfield Reeves Stevens, who were newly hired writers for the fourth season of	of	ADP	Enterprise	NOUN	 Enterprise
Two music videos were filmed for " Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme) ". Both	Both	PRON	feature	VERB	 feature
The only known skeleton was discovered in 1984 and described in 1991, forming the holotype specimen of the single	single	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
Arnold Schoenberg, with whom Busoni had been in correspondence since 1903, settled in Berlin in 1911 partially as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Originally the whole smokebox wrapper was retained in order to form an air duct, with the exit behind the	the	DET	chimney	NOUN	 chimney
The Q 12 was to be air launched from the back of an A 12, and used key technology	technology	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In March 2000, just three months before the start of principal photography, Lucas finally completed his rough draft	draft	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Aaliyah released her second album One in a Million in 1996, and graduated from high school the following year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They are contacted by former Prime Minister Harriet Jones through a secret " subwave network " designed by Mr Copper	Copper	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
For the second series, it was replaced by Morcheeba's " Let Me See ", except for the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
The beer was opened and found to be as fresh as the day it was made. The exact degree	degree	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During this period, lesbians were almost entirely unrepresented as either heroes or villains. One of the earliest examples	examples	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Across China, Fitow damaged about 95,000 houses and left at least 159,000 other houses without power. The storm	storm	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
The game's impact led Sunsoft to develop titles with similar top down gameplay like Gremlins 2: The New	New	PROPN	Batch	PROPN	 Batch
" Conversely, IGN's Ramsey Isler viewed the episode more positively, and rated it 7.9 / 10.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In November 1938, tests against armoured and unarmoured targets had already indicated that the introduction of a weapon of	of	ADP	at	ADV	 at
He evaluated patent applications for a variety of devices including a gravel sorter and an electromechanical typewriter. In 1903	1903	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Relations with the press further deteriorated when Lorne's private secretary, Francis de Winton, threw four journalists off	off	ADP	the	DET	 the
Leslie's such a lively and energetic character, it was really fun for me to become her. "	"	PUNCT	Levine	PROPN	 Levine
The WCHL and PCHA adopted an interlocking schedule for this season, with the Tigers struggling against their pacific coast	coast	PROPN	opposition	NOUN	 opposition
On February 9, 2010, Beyoncé appeared on The Today Show where she talked about Heat. From January	January	PROPN	15	NUM	 15
The first archaeological evidence for human foraging on Madagascar dates to 2000 BC. Human settlement of Madagascar occurred between	between	ADP	350	NUM	 350
In an unusual move, Hitler kept it in the Crimea, but did not put the corps under the	the	DET	command	NOUN	 command
The lake is situated in a valley between two ridges in the Porcupine Mountains. Surrounded by wilderness, the	the	DET	lake	NOUN	 lake
1064 – before 1137) was a member of the Doukas family, a relative of Byzantine emperor Alexios I	I	PRON	Komnenos	PROPN	 Komnenos
She funded Youth Action International to help youth break out of cycles of violence and poverty in war torn African	African	ADJ	communities	NOUN	 communities
Jack eventually works his way to the bathysphere, but Ryan destroys it before Jack can reach it. Enraged	Enraged	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The jury was impanelled on January 18. The indictment was read and Cannon delivered his opening statement. Most	Most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The character nichi (日) means " sun " or " day "; hon (本) means	means	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
His small boat then became mired in mud by the receding tide, and did not become freed until 3	3	NUM	am	AUX	 am
Miller also took his first catch at Shield level, that of Mervyn Waite. In the second innings,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In the end, P.N.03 was the only Capcom Five title to remain exclusive to the system. P.N.03 was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
On 17 August 1916 Bertie Mitford died; David, still serving at the front, became the 2nd Baron	Baron	PROPN	Redesdale	PROPN	 Redesdale
According to the sheetmusic published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group, " Outrageous " is composed in the	the	DET	key	NOUN	 key
It took Lovell ten minutes to figure out the right numbers, using the thrusters to get the stars Rigel	Rigel	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Transandinomys bolivaris is a medium sized rice rat with very long superciliary vibrissae (more than 50 mm (2.0	2.0	NUM	in	ADP	 in
On November 10, 2010, McEntire appeared at the Country Music Association Awards performing her version of Beyoncé's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
It was reissued throughout the 19th century, and in 1867, " by the aid of photography the whole	whole	ADJ	series	NOUN	 series
They changed their name because of the altered line up, and to avoid being mistaken for a satanic metal	metal	NOUN	band	NOUN	 band
There is no fixed list of the Upanishads as newer ones, beyond the Muktika anthology of 108 Upanishads,	,	PUNCT	have	AUX	 have
She began playing the sport in 2004, the same year she made her national team debut. After the	the	DET	national	ADJ	 national
The other two are located at the Tollygunge Club and at Fort William. The Royal Calcutta Turf Club hosts	hosts	VERB	horse	NOUN	 horse
Meanwhile, Buzz and the other toys eventually reach Al's Toy Barn. While searching for Woody, Buzz	Buzz	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Years later, it emerged that Eagleson had very good relations with Black Hawks owner Bill Wirtz and NHL president	president	NOUN	John	PROPN	 John
The Allies took position on the northern ridge. As the army prepared for battle on 18 June, the	the	DET	2nd	PROPN	 2nd
After her trial, she emerged as the movement's most visible leader. Other leaders, such as William	William	PROPN	J.	PROPN	 J.
NYU has successfully completed a seven year, $2.5 billion campaign, surpassing expectations by raising more than $	$	SYM	3	NUM	3
His next victory came in the stage one individual time trial at the Volta a Catalunya. In late June	June	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 88 minutes of play, Australia added a further 66 runs. During this time, the third new	new	ADJ	ball	NOUN	 ball
" At Ephesus Alexios seized Theodore Palaiologos, the Emperor's brother, but failed to gain the support of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
Other major construction projects included an extensive road network, a naval installation, 28,000 square feet (2,600 m2	m2	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He described the ' skimming ' referred to by Carr as a form of attention deficit caused by the immaturity	immaturity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic commented, " If 2001's Britney was a transitional album, capturing Spears at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
" She added " the thorny issue of adultery is tackled in a way only The Simpsons could, "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A number of these installations were identified from Royal Air Force (RAF) aerial reconnaissance photographs during 1941,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
A week later, Anonymous increased their claim to 20,000 accounts and released a list of the accounts. The	The	DET	list	NOUN	 list
Tropical Storm Gilda weakened slightly over Cuba, crossing the island in less than twelve hours before emerging into the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Yttrium can be found in edible plants in concentrations between 20 ppm and 100 ppm (fresh weight),	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In the second episode, during the outdoor scene after Alphonse's funeral, a tram stop sign can be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
When the new building was proposed, the initial plan called for a 44,000 square feet (4,100 m2)	)	PUNCT	facility	NOUN	 facility
A travel narrative that reflects on topography, politics, society, aesthetics, and the author's personal feelings	feelings	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
From World War II onwards, the hotel and Park Lane become renowned for accommodating numerous international film stars,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The oldest known arachnid is the trigonotarbid Palaeotarbus jerami, from about 420 million years ago in the Silurian period	period	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Macdonough resigned his command for health reasons on 9 October 1825. Constitution put in for repairs during December and	and	CCONJ	into	ADP	 into
F. rubiginosa is largely sympatric with F. obliqua, though its range extends further west into dryer regions than the	the	DET	latter	ADJ	 latter
The upper layer is thicker (9 metres (30 ft)) but the thinner lower bed (4	4	NUM	metres	NOUN	 metres
As Russian had not actually taken money from his victims, he had not committed a crime, and a	a	DET	civil	ADJ	 civil
By the 1960s, however, I. purpureus once again became preferred over I. detectus. While the two names	names	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
UB 17's standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men. After work on UB 17 was	was	AUX	complete	ADJ	 complete
The Michiana Parkway was constructed from CR 4, just south of the " Elkhart East " interchange (exit	exit	NOUN	96	NUM	 96
The continental divide is 20 miles (32 km) east. Chaco Canyon was created by the Chaco River	River	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Alfonsín proposed the postponement the sovereignty discussions, instead negotiating for a de jure cease of hostilities, with a	a	DET	reduction	NOUN	 reduction
" In late 1998, Duchovny met with series creator Carter and they agreed that Duchovny would write a late	late	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Craik and District Golf Course is a 9 hole green golf course 1 / 2 mile east of the LRT	LRT	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This produces cure rates of between 70 and 80% for genotype 2 and 3, respectively, and 45	45	NUM	to	PART	 to
It was given this status on 23 April 1998, and has been listed because it is seen as "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The percentage of the local population that is income deprived in 2012 was recorded at 15.7% against a Fife	Fife	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Vivekananda blended humour with his teachings, and his language was lucid. His Bengali writings testify to his belief	belief	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Code Points are earned after each mission in amounts that depend on the quantity of " Dropped Code " collected	collected	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Jens David Ohlin was employed as an Associate Professor of Law at Cornell Law School. Ohlin's work had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Two British frigates that were supposed to be on patrol outside the bay were trapped inside the bay by de	de	X	Grasse	PROPN	 Grasse
Deck armour — 75 millimetres (3.0 in) thick — was composed of a nickel chromium molybdenum alloy.	.	PUNCT	Ballistics	NOUN	 Ballistics
The entire staff went " location hunting " to determine Inaba's design. Inaba does not represent " a	a	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Separation (uranium enrichment) would have to be achieved at a large scale. At Cambridge, Eric Rideal	Rideal	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She announced the engagement on Instagram, with a photo of her ring and her fiance in the background,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The admission stunned Khrushchev, and turned the U 2 affair from a possible triumph to a disaster for him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
In 2001, its newest production facility opened in Dunaújváros (Hungary). After the turn of the millennium	millennium	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Within days, FISA announced new regulations and banned the Group B supercars for the following year. In	In	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
He became superintendent of that division in October 1899, then was transferred to become superintendent of the B Division	Division	PROPN	one	NUM	 one
The 20,000 square foot (1,900 m2) library featured reading rooms, study areas, a reference center,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Traveling briskly to the northeast, it became severe within 25 minutes and potentially tornadic by 1: 36 p.m.	p.m.	NOUN	CDT	PROPN	 CDT
The end of the 1970s saw the introduction of the Northrop F 5 Tiger II.The F 5 won the competition	competition	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Sustainable business models and the triple bottom line are viewed as morally praiseworthy but ignorant to the tendency in capitalism	capitalism	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
They suffered some casualties when fired on by artillery, before bivouacking that night at Tammun with the 16th and	and	CCONJ	19th	ADJ	 19th
Skyfall set an opening weekend record in Switzerland ($5.3 million) and recorded the second largest opening weekend	weekend	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
David Hulett, the founder of Huletts Landing, was born in Killingly, Connecticut c. 1758 – 1762 and	and	CCONJ	served	VERB	 served
Sudan became independent in 1956, after the outbreak of the First Sudanese Civil War (1955 – 1972)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
As of 2011, " Zooropa " has been performed live at 31 shows. During performances, the stage	stage	NOUN	's	PART	's
He led the league in home runs and also in slugging percentage, had the second highest RBI, was	was	AUX	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
E.W. Swanton described him as " a thick, bearded fellow " and " a faithful old war horse "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" Rothstein describes the phenomenon within a belief system inspired by science fiction, and notes that the " myth	myth	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Despite his receiving unit being plagued by injuries, Jay Cutler ended the season with 3,629 passing yards, 21	21	NUM	touchdowns	NOUN	 touchdowns
" Intro " contains a sample of " Down into the Magic " performed by Donald Kerr. " Dreams	Dreams	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
listed the album on their " 100 Records That Rocked 100 Issues of Exclaim! " list. Hip Hop	Hop	PROPN	Connection	PROPN	 Connection
Most Forth programmers therefore advocate a loose top down design, and bottom up development with continuous testing and integration	integration	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although disease was responsible for the majority of deaths, Spanish expeditions and internecine warfare between indigenous groups also played	played	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In his 1976 monograph on Allosaurus, James Madsen mentioned a range of bone sizes which he interpreted to show	show	VERB	a	DET	 a
Rolling Stone reviewer Danyel Smith called the album " an alternative to the benign bullshit music that floods the chain	chain	NOUN	stores	NOUN	 stores
Wilson's proposal was accepted, and the Gerow Board's recommendations resulted in a multi tiered educational system still	still	ADV	in	ADP	 in
LTG of Television Without Pity graded it as an " A – ". Jon Lachonis of UGO gave the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) assigns Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) and Pete Miller (Jake Lacy)	)	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Prior to World War II both submarines participated in cruises to Mediterranean ports. Hrabri was captured by Italian forces	forces	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It has so many depth and layers that it's easily as self aware and earnest as Ray of Light	Light	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was released for the PlayStation 3 in June 2013. An updated version, The Last of Us Remastered	Remastered	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Scholastic retained control of book publishing and the TV series, but gave Parachute Press merchandising rights to the series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Eventually, Viktor and his colleague, Dr. Pavel Bakharev, began to experiment on live human infection, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This version included a 15 second sample of The Beatles ' " All You Need Is Love ", as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
I didn't get much from it ". IGN's Chris Carabott gave the episode a 7.5 / 10	10	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
She fell in love with both the landscape and the culture of New Mexico. After a year, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In 1949 he published a paper introducing the " no small subgroups " property of Lie groups (the existence	existence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" St. John the Baptist church is one of five churches in the Church of England Parish of Keynsham,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The third part returns to the main motif with added guitar fills. The melody line is abandoned in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In a 1908 research, anthropologist Fonseca Cardoso considered that Poveiros were the result of a mixture of Phoenicians,	,	PUNCT	Teutons	PROPN	 Teutons
Haflinger horses are relatively small, are always chestnut in color, have distinctive gaits described as energetic but smooth	smooth	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Most of the important art pieces had been " secured " by the Nazis within six months of September 1939	1939	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
It inhabits lowland tropical dry forest, sub arid thorn scrub, gallery forest, spiny forest, eastern littoral	littoral	ADJ	forest	NOUN	 forest
Initially, all ERPI wired theaters were made Vitaphone compatible; most were equipped to project Movietone reels as well	well	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The expansion was made available for download to Australian customers only on November 23, 2007. Shivering Isles and	and	CCONJ	Knights	PROPN	 Knights
With the second string in the game, the final points were scored by Kenyan Drake on a three yard	yard	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
He twice filed a letter of resignation between 1976 and 1980, but was turned down on both occasions.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The Pennsylvania Railroad, like many other railroads of the time, put on grand displays of their progress;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Performances of the singles " Basis of Everything " and " The Rules " at Oxegen 2008 were described as	as	ADP	having	VERB	 having
Although most privateers were small, carrying only a few cannon, some could be very large, rivalling professional	professional	ADJ	warships	NOUN	 warships
Somerset were heavily beaten in the match, during which Fothergill took three wickets and scored three runs. That	That	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
This statement, published immediately after Heywood's pardon in a local Whitehaven newspaper as an open letter to Edward	Edward	PROPN	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
Barns moved to New London, Connecticut and formed a whaling company with William Williams Jr. in 1827. The	The	DET	company	NOUN	 company
The NVC four step model is seen as problematic for a number of reasons: the notion of unbiased observations	observations	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
After " Wah Wah ", he brought " My Sweet Lord " forward in the order, followed by	by	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
For Leslie Bethell, López II overestimated Paraguay's military power, and this induced him to behave recklessly.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Pinkney threw for 118 yards and one touchdown, but the longest pass came from the Pirates ' second quarterback	quarterback	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Her and Fatboy have a romantic day, but you don't see anything on screen [in the Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	episode	NOUN	 episode
Today Cabernet Sauvignon is the second most widely planted red wine grape in Australia, following Shiraz with which it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
" Premiered respectively by Prokofiev (No. 6: 8 April 1940), Sviatoslav Richter (No.	.	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor, and Malaysia. Other neighbouring countries include	include	VERB	Singapore	PROPN	 Singapore
Out of the film's opening weekend income, 12% was from IMAX; it was " the highest	highest	ADJ	IMAX	PROPN	 IMAX
The Ottoman Navy attacked his Acre stronghold in the summer of 1775 and he was killed outside of its walls	walls	NOUN	shortly	ADV	 shortly
Four U.S. Routes bisect the city, including US 24, US 27, US 30, and US 33	33	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The following tables outline each posting and its outcome. ^ § This was Otsuka's second attempt to play	play	VERB	in	ADP	 in
If a wild pitch or passed ball allows a runner to advance beyond the base that is stolen, the	the	DET	scorer	NOUN	 scorer
On their wedding day, Magnus named Sigurd his co king and put him in charge of the western lands	lands	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By the afternoon of August 30 the system continued to show strong convection and had developed a broad but well	well	ADV	defined	VERB	 defined
Edmund Fuller insisted that Angelou's intellectual range and artistry were apparent in how she told her story. Caged	Caged	PROPN	Bird	PROPN	 Bird
Xander and Anya's duet — the most fun to shoot but difficult to write, according to Whedon —	—	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
He begins to struggle for breath and then collapses from an intracranial aneurysm. Later, Graham makes tea for	for	ADP	Jan	PROPN	 Jan
From the summit, there are views over the Milfield Plain, Glendale and the Till Valley, and to	to	ADP	Eildon	PROPN	 Eildon
In The Little Mermaid she is depicted as being willing to do anything to be with Prince Eric, even	even	ADV	giving	VERB	 giving
DNA sequencing, one of the most fundamental technologies developed to study genetics, allows researchers to determine the sequence	sequence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though these officers were junior in rank to the generals commanding the armies, they held significant power over their	their	PRON	careers	NOUN	 careers
After landing, the spacecraft would have stayed on the Moon for a day, before it was propelled back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
They were variously characterised as part of a garage rock, new wave or post punk revival. Influences ranged	ranged	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Incredible Hulk is a Sitting Coaster by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard (B & M). The	The	DET	3,700	NUM	 3,700
" By 1970 Moon had begun to use timbales, gongs and timpani, and these were included in his	his	PRON	setup	NOUN	 setup
Only three of the aircraft returned to be recovered, but the crews of the other three ditched safely and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Finally, in March 1919, the 39th Battalion was disbanded. At this point, the battalion's remaining	remaining	VERB	personnel	NOUN	 personnel
Angels scout Dan Radcliff and director of scouting Eddie Bane convinced Adenhart to forego a scholarship offer from the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Their gossip then digresses to her youthful affairs and sexual encounters, before returning to the publication of HCE's	's	PART	guilt	NOUN	 guilt
In 2006, as part of the 200th anniversary of the park, the boulder was moved 60 yards (	(	PUNCT	55	NUM	55
During re writes of the script by Fontana, various elements introduced by Michaelian were changed, including the ending	ending	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There are Stagecoach bus services running to Westgate on Sea, Margate, Broadstairs, Canterbury and Herne Bay.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Many reviewers considered the technical enhancements, such as the increased frame rate, a welcome advancement from the original	original	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
The current record attendance is 74,576, recorded at Wales ' 30 – 15 victory over Scotland in the 2008	2008	NUM	Six	NUM	 Six
The trunkline begins northeast of Detroit at a junction with Interstate 94 (I 94) near New Haven and	and	CCONJ	runs	VERB	 runs
When we find it on the pommel of a warrior's sword and on his sword belt, the assumption	assumption	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
As a result of this discovery, the House of Lords chose to reconvene as a 7 judge panel,	,	PUNCT	consisting	VERB	 consisting
Paul Bloomfield, writing for The Times, expressed a similar view: " [the] cathedral, though	though	SCONJ	diminutive	ADJ	 diminutive
This created the inverted gull, or " cranked ", wing pattern along the Ju 87's leading edge	edge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to media reports, between 2009 and 2012 the Consumer Council in Hong Kong received nearly 800 complaints about	about	ADP	agencies	NOUN	 agencies
York City had identified a preferred site for a new stadium by April 2007, but were unable to disclose	disclose	VERB	the	DET	 the
He preferred to negotiate at first, but his offers were rebuffed by Michael VII. Bryennios then sent his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
The parliament of the republic declared the sovereignty of Belarus on 27 July 1990, and during the dissolution of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Formation Catecholamines are produced in chromaffin cells in the medulla of the adrenal gland, from tyrosine, a non	non	ADJ	essential	ADJ	 essential
Many grindcore groups experiment with down tuned guitars. While the vinyl A side of Napalm Death's debut,	,	PUNCT	1987	NUM	 1987
Deeply affected by the visit, Roosevelt proposed a resettlement community for the miners at Arthurdale, where they could	could	AUX	make	VERB	 make
The older faction referred to Mondale and Harris as " boy scouts ". At the Indiana primary, Humphrey	Humphrey	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
The aquaculture potential for sand whiting was first investigated in the late 1980s, with a number of reports detailing	detailing	VERB	both	PRON	 both
Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, and Billy Dee Williams reprised their roles as Luke Skywalker, C 3PO,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Ramprasad became well known for his devotional songs, eventually becoming the court poet of Raja Krishnachandra of Nadia.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
The Spanish Duke of Nájera wrote of a visit in 1544 in which he saw " a very pleasant garden	garden	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
At the Seeker stronghold, Gash explains that the Tower will destroy humanity if it is not deactivated. He	He	PRON	believes	VERB	 believes
This usage was most likely the origin of the ponies that have made Chincoteague and Assateague Islands famous, though	though	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The solid shot of the 20 caliber gun weighed approximately 300 pounds (136 kg), while the gun	gun	NOUN	itself	PRON	 itself
In 1816, with the war at an end, Strong elected once again to retire from politics. Strong	Strong	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
His lyrics, while simple, were similarly uplifting and universal: What I feel, I can't say	say	VERB	But	CCONJ	 But
A spokesman for Buckingham Palace told a newspaper, " No prime minister before has ever done this and we	we	PRON	can	AUX	 can
The game, however, was an anti climax for those who were hooked by the touted and promised initial	initial	ADJ	concepts	NOUN	 concepts
This contained gardens and a chapel. Further gardens lay to the south, where the outline of a fish	fish	NOUN	pond	NOUN	 pond
He informed the press: " While I am in the barrel I shall be occupied in preparing my case	case	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The next song, Eddy Arnold's 1962 hit " After Loving You ", is arranged in a 12	12	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Besides her success in the United Kingdom, Heyer's novels were very popular in the United States and Germany	Germany	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
High density alloys of tungsten with nickel, copper or iron are used in high quality darts (to allow	allow	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The access of air to internal spaces within a plant is controlled by stomata, which are able to open	open	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Debuting on 14 February 2007 in the United Kingdom and 20 April in the United States, Hot Fuzz received	received	VERB	critical	ADJ	 critical
Some of the journeys I had actually undertaken are not described at all; on the other hand it contains	contains	VERB	passages	NOUN	 passages
As a mark of the improving image of the town as place to live, the borough entered the top	top	ADJ	50	NUM	 50
Annie Leibovitz photographed the cover, the magazine's first to feature an openly transgender woman, which was captioned	captioned	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
It competes with the Microsoft Xbox 360 and the Nintendo Wii. The PS3 is the first console in the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
He cited verses from two works composed by Tulsidas which, in his opinion, are relevant to the dispute	dispute	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Klaus decodes a note left by Josephine and discovers that she is in Curdled Cave. During the hurricane,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It guarded the road between the legionary fortresses of Deva Victrix (Chester) and Eboracum (York) running	running	VERB	east	ADV	 east
In turn, Nobuo Uematsu has had a major influence on video game music and beyond the video games industry	industry	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
Then, journalist David Wolman, in a Wired magazine piece, described as " moronic " the assumption that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The hydrologic unit also covers the watersheds of Aliso Creek, Salt Creek, Prima Deshecha Cañada, Segunda Deshecha	Deshecha	PROPN	Cañada	PROPN	 Cañada
The filter room at Stanmore recognised the formation as hostile. The WAAF detailed group and sector commands throughout the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
I think perhaps the drink helped me to be a bit freer. " The painting was executed in a	a	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
Historian Peter Pugh has stated that a key cause of the economic problems afflicting America in the 1970s was the	the	DET	refusal	NOUN	 refusal
Weeks later, he recalled: I had such nerves the first few days. I didn't even have	have	VERB	an	DET	 an
Vanity Fair's Brett Berk and the Houston Chronicle's Bobby Hankinson felt the episode was haphazard and uneven,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The album's only single, " Wandering Eye ", spent more than four months on the top 40	40	NUM	selling	NOUN	 selling
The episode is a loose parody of Pulp Fiction, which gave the staff the idea of a possible spin	spin	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
To keep the WWF from having a pay per view market monopoly, Turner began airing monthly WCW pay per	per	ADP	views	NOUN	 views
On 24 August 2006, Chen was sentenced to four years and three months for " damaging property and organising	organising	VERB	a	DET	 a
In August 1875 he joined another traveling tonic show run by the Wizard Oil Company. Riley began sending correspondence	correspondence	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He was a member of numerous international and national otolaryngology organisations, and presided over the Fourth International Congress of	of	ADP	Otolaryngology	PROPN	 Otolaryngology
The song started climbing up again and ultimately reached a peak of number 55 on the chart issue dated September	September	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
The story focuses on the activities of the three species in a part of the Milky Way known as the	the	DET	Koprulu	PROPN	 Koprulu
He had some of them photographed, but when his brother remarked that they lacked liveliness and freshness, he	he	PRON	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
While playing midget level hockey Vanbiesbrouck joined the Little Caesars hockey club, a travel ice hockey team in Detroit	Detroit	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Heisler said Tom had the best lines of the episode. Kona Gallagher of TV Squad said she was saddened	saddened	VERB	by	ADP	 by
A permanent shrine honoring him sits under the home stands at Northwestern State's Turpin Stadium and his number 44	44	NUM	jersey	PROPN	 jersey
On February 8, 1821 he wrote that the work had been completed, and that the only outstanding task	task	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As the songs audio begins to play, band members of Maroon 5 start to play their instruments as Rihanna	Rihanna	PROPN	sits	VERB	 sits
He was buried there at the Dorotheenstädtischen Friedhof. System of Theoretical and Practical Chemistry, London 1803 Vol 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
By his own admission, he was addicted to extravagant make up, and unlike Richardson and Gielgud, he	he	PRON	excelled	VERB	 excelled
Many of the 372nd Battalion had disappeared, while the Blackshirts mounted the first of a number of attacks on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He has also painted self portraits and portraits of world leaders, including Vladimir Putin and Tony Blair. His	His	PRON	paintings	NOUN	 paintings
In his own words, he is " not a classically trained pianist at all "; he practiced with	with	ADP	others	NOUN	 others
Vainio's work continues to have major relevance in Finnish popular music, an example of which being two Vainio	Vainio	NOUN	cover	NOUN	 cover
Also, we have set the price where it is because this title was developed specifically for the mobile platform	platform	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The highway heads easterly for the first 0.4 mi (0.64 km) before it turns northeasterly, crossing the	the	DET	Little	PROPN	 Little
Meanwhile, a shocking development had occurred overnight. Bernadotte had unilaterally ordered his troops out of the key and	and	CCONJ	central	ADJ	 central
For the French, despite their success earlier at Frauenfeld, the action was considerably less successful. In the	the	DET	clash	NOUN	 clash
This swing bridge, which included a 4 foot (1.2 meter) pedestrian walkway and cost $165,900,	,	PUNCT	opened	VERB	 opened
" The multitudinous allusions to well known and lesser known books, movies and sayings cause contradicting receptions. While	While	SCONJ	Heinz	PROPN	 Heinz
Sarnia's fresh cut fries are another popular tourist attraction, and thousands of visitors annually visit the chip trucks	trucks	NOUN	parked	VERB	 parked
The Presiding Officer can reduce speaking time if a large number of members wish to participate in the debate.	.	PUNCT	Debate	NOUN	 Debate
Although Dewar would later become a supporter of the Labour Party, after Churchill was passed over for a cabinet	cabinet	NOUN	position	NOUN	 position
" Pinker attacks what he calls " Whorf's radical position ", declaring, " the more you examine	examine	VERB	Whorf	PROPN	 Whorf
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to twenty four trains	trains	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
As far as the ground water necessary for the conversion could penetrate, the pyrite carbonate was converted to a	a	DET	usable	ADJ	 usable
Documentation for decrease of the maximum length with age can not be found in the literature. Some individuals can	can	AUX	reach	VERB	 reach
It was broadcast on BBC One on 19 April 2008. It features the return of the Ood, who	who	PRON	appeared	VERB	 appeared
The recording features a trio of flute players, led by Scott; Billy Preston on electric piano; and	and	CCONJ	Robben	PROPN	 Robben
On television in 2012 Hiddleston appeared in the BBC Two series The Hollow Crown, portraying Prince Hal opposite Jeremy	Jeremy	PROPN	Irons	PROPN	 Irons
The deeper self now shapes the deceitful flexibility of the surrounding world in such a way that it is no	no	ADV	longer	ADV	 longer
Soon after Lincoln's second inauguration in March 1865, the two secretaries were appointed to the US delegation in	in	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Though the two corps had started the battle at least 11,000 men strong, only 600 of them escaped Nanking	Nanking	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The freeway begins at the Peace Bridge in Fort Erie and travels 139.1 kilometres (86.4 mi) around the	the	DET	western	ADJ	 western
Arkansas also opened various shelters and state parks throughout the state for evacuees. Expected to last only two days	days	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Upon his initiative, Louis restored Ivan Stratsimir in Vidin. Ivan Stratsimir swore loyalty to Louis and sent his	his	PRON	two	NUM	 two
Higgins started writing music for her third album in 2009. After about seven years of touring and recording she	she	PRON	took	VERB	 took
Occupied by the Jutes, it became known in Old English as Cantwareburh (" Kentish Stronghold "),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Conquistadores often went without metal armour, or only donned it immediately prior to battle. They were quick to	to	PART	adopt	VERB	 adopt
He calculated, based on the fact that four comets possessed aphelia at around 100 AU and a further six	six	NUM	with	ADP	 with
Slave quarters – two preserved stone buildings adjacent to the Farm House, now provided with interpretive exhibits on slave	slave	NOUN	life	NOUN	 life
" I Miss You " begins with Beyoncé performing while seated, only to later be brought to her feet	feet	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
In the third quarter of 2012, more than 18 million S III units were shipped, making it the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
The remaining eight tests are completed on the computer and results are submitted electronically to USAD for scoring. Because	Because	SCONJ	only	ADV	 only
Today, this bone tissue is only formed in female birds that are laying eggs, as it is used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
M. diminutiva, found in hardwood forests of eastern North America, has a smaller fruit body than M. rufobrunnea	rufobrunnea	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cross Fever Mode allows four players to simultaneously compete in a two on two match. In place of Cross	Cross	PROPN	Fever	PROPN	 Fever
The government also indirectly began to address the problem of the recalcitrant military by revitalizing the moribund National Guard,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
And I think that you're right, too, about the fact that I was heavily under the influence	influence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mezhyhirya was chosen as the site of the new government residence. The decision of the Politburo in April 1935	1935	NUM	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Dyer stopped using his false name after the war. He attended Russell Military Institute and Hopkins Grammar School in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
As part of the legal settlement with Orr, Eagleson agreed to purchase various of Orr's assets for US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
The model required 14 operators to control all of the moving parts. The film had a troubled shoot and	and	CCONJ	went	VERB	 went
Korvettenkapitän (KK – Corvette Captain) Hirschberg, Schwalbe's captain, commanded the operation. Schwalbe returned to	to	ADP	Bagamoyo	PROPN	 Bagamoyo
At the time Darwin was an important base for Allied warships and a staging point for shipping supplies and reinforcements	reinforcements	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
His mother Johanna, a former KappAhl CIO, was named the 2010 CIO of the Year in Sweden.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
This led fans to speculate that this was the cause of the two characters ' deaths in the episode "	"	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
She is a member of the wealthy Arima family, and thus her father opposes her relationship with Sota.	.	PUNCT	Teruyuki	PROPN	 Teruyuki
When it became clear, after six ballots, that Blaine could not prevail, the convention nominated Ohio Governor	Governor	PROPN	Rutherford	PROPN	 Rutherford
That year he placed second in the long jump (21 feet 0.25 inches (6.41 m));	;	PUNCT	third	ADV	 third
Unlike some of his contemporaries who expected a short conflict, Kitchener foresaw a much longer war requiring hundreds of	of	ADP	thousands	NOUN	 thousands
The authors postulated that Spinosaurus switched between terrestrial and aquatic habitats to compete for food with large crocodilians and other	other	ADJ	large	ADJ	 large
In 1822, Bourbon County circuit court judge James Clark ruled in the case of Williams v. Blair that the	the	DET	replevin	NOUN	 replevin
At Nagasaki, the fires failed to merge into a single firestorm, and the fire damaged area was only	only	ADV	one	NUM	 one
The debate over allowing fighting in ice hockey games is ongoing. Despite its potentially negative consequences, such as	as	ADP	heavier	ADJ	 heavier
We've not seen any significant [change] in holding officials accountable. " A June 22 editorial in	in	ADP	The	DET	 The
In 1965, Gittings marched in the first gay picket lines at the White House, the US State Department	Department	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To avoid difficulties with the new government in what he termed its " spirit of intolerant prejudice ", Kingsley	Kingsley	PROPN	sent	VERB	 sent
Rivers Cuomo, lead singer and guitarist for Weezer, wrote the song in reaction to a meeting with Geffen	Geffen	PROPN	executives	NOUN	 executives
He pressed Wyatt for details about his time in Tombstone to add to his book Helldorado: Bringing Law to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
On awakening in her bed, he agrees to an affair, but eventually abandons her, and she commits	commits	VERB	suicide	NOUN	 suicide
In addition, many clubs along the border play in Victorian leagues such as the Ovens & Murray Football League	League	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
That's so disturbing, ' or ' That's so sad. ' I guess that's what art	art	NOUN	's	AUX	's
Lynch disliked the course and considered dropping out, but he changed his mind after he was offered the chance	chance	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They were replaced by newcomer Joshua Fardon as Luke Skywalker and character actor Arye Gross as Lando Calrissian. John	John	PROPN	Lithgow	PROPN	 Lithgow
In 1845, historian Henry Howe traveled through Romney and described the town as " one of considerable business,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Hassett returned to his normal form away from the sticky wicket, scoring 127 and 28 not out against Queensland	Queensland	PROPN	between	ADP	 between
In August 2008, Hunt was named in the preliminary 46 man squad for Australia in the 2008 Rugby League	League	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
When Bismarck left port, fleet staff, prize crews, and war correspondents increased the crew complement to over	over	ADP	2,200	NUM	 2,200
The next Standard History was the Book of Han, compiled by Ban Biao (3 – 54 CE)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" PopSugar ranked Monica and Ross fifth on the website's list of " The 9 Best Sibling Relationships From	From	ADP	'	NOUN	 '
This shield is also found in ankylosaurs like Polacanthus and Antarctopelta. Large, pointed spines lined the sides of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Goalkeepers Harry Heyes and Robert Bruce both moved on in the close season, so Stockport County custodian Joseph Birds	Birds	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Meanwhile he grew wealthy from cotton production, for which his supporters provided labor, and influential among the intelligentsia	intelligentsia	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Stainforth lock, which connected the canal to the River Don, was closed in 1939. The winter of	of	ADP	1947	NUM	 1947
As of December 26, 2013, it's been discovered that a sample of Janet Jackson's song from	from	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The Outer Banks experienced extensive evacuations; at least 300,000 left, bringing traffic on highways from there to the	the	DET	mainland	NOUN	 mainland
". The correct answer is " He is alive and well and rules the world! ", causing	causing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Over the years, it has retained a following through television and home video. The film in total grossed	grossed	VERB	$	SYM	 $
The season marked the second year that all regular season and Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament games were	were	AUX	nationally	ADV	 nationally
The ships ' main battery turrets were protected with 105 mm (4.1 in) thick faces and 70 mm	mm	NOUN	thick	ADJ	 thick
A study of five wild cheetahs (three females, two males) during hunting reported a maximum speed of	of	ADP	93	NUM	 93
Due to a loss of resolution and quality resulting from rephotographing an element in an optical printer, live action	action	NOUN	sequences	NOUN	 sequences
In 1994, the chain tested a carry out only store, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Corner Market,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The plan is funded by the $3 billion from the 2008 Act, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act	Act	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
As the spacecraft passed behind the planet, it observed flashes of lightning in the night side atmosphere. The	The	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Since the turn of the 20th century, various federal and state agencies have been involved in wildland fire management	management	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Instead, their next closest relative turned out to be the distinctive Banksia coccinea. Mast, Eric Jones and	and	CCONJ	Shawn	PROPN	 Shawn
As schools began to integrate, students and teachers noticed differences in the way Black students and White students signed	signed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Several kings, most notably Vasabha and Mahasena, built large reservoirs and canals, which created a vast and	and	CCONJ	complex	ADJ	 complex
Ocellated turkeys were unsuitable for domestication, but were rounded up in the wild and penned for fattening. All	All	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The single reel drama, approximately 1,000 feet long, was released on November 25, 1910. The film	film	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
The legislation authorizing the construction of the facility was introduced by Washington, D.C. Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton and was	was	AUX	entitled	VERB	 entitled
As there are only eight of these cartridges in existence, they are extremely rare and fetch a large collector	collector	NOUN	's	PART	's
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 83% based on 292 reviews, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The show was abandoned for an " oldies " set, at the end of which Townshend smashed his guitar	guitar	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the general election, Beshear faced Republican Eugene Stuart and Don Wiggins, who became the nominee of the	the	DET	newly	ADV	 newly
" because Okafor is known for his polished footwork and finesse, Alexander is known for his dominating power game	game	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These ombiasy also often trained the spiritual leaders of other communities, further reinforcing the preeminence of the Matitana ombiasy	ombiasy	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Once the music was recorded, a sound environment was created so that it could be heard clearly through the	the	DET	3DS	NUM	 3DS
A January 2012 Oxfam report said that a half a million Haitians remained homeless, still living under tarps and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
In 2001, Webb left the band to pursue his solo career, although he continued to contribute to their	their	PRON	next	ADJ	 next
The first and larger of the two, Fandriampahalemana, features a room for receiving visitors and a large salon	salon	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Bus. US 127 turns northward on Mission Road, crossing into Clare County and following McEwan Street through residential	residential	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Antioxidants are frequently added to industrial products. A common use is as stabilizers in fuels and lubricants to prevent	prevent	VERB	oxidation	NOUN	 oxidation
AMD, Apple, Intel, Nvidia and others are supporting OpenCL. Several application specific integrated circuit (ASIC	ASIC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Between 1978 and 1982, research was undertaken by Auburn University as to the effect of applications of chemical and	and	CCONJ	physical	ADJ	 physical
") Members of the WSPU were sometimes heckled and derided for spoiling elections for Liberal candidates. On 18	18	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
A newer bridge was built in 1974, but part of it collapsed on September 15, 2001 after being	being	AUX	hit	VERB	 hit
Infineon Raceway is one of two road courses to hold NASCAR races, the other being Watkins Glen International.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The video's filming was documented by a Making the Video camera crew, and premiered on MTV after the	the	DET	program	NOUN	 program
The film " Auction of Souls " (1919), which was based on her book " Ravished Armenia	Armenia	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The battleship was laid down in November 1911 and launched on 21 February 1914. She was formally commissioned into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kinkaid was placed in charge of the North Pacific Force in January 1943 and commanded the operations that regained control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The band was initially against the idea, and according to Millard, they felt it had always meant a	a	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The plans were sent from the ministry to the municipality, whose council passed the plans on 12 November 1908	1908	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
' this way, then swiveling and shouting ' aaah! ' that way. " The New Yorker's	's	PART	Anthony	PROPN	 Anthony
Some portions of the Point Loma peninsula are not under the jurisdiction of the city, including the federal and	and	CCONJ	military	ADJ	 military
Despite her great success traveling Europe with the Porgy and Bess tour, she is distressed and full of indecision	indecision	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Today, the designation " Straight Egyptian " or " Egyptian Arabian " is popular with some Arabian breeders,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Authorities in Martinique canceled a memorial to the victims of West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 and began to set up	up	ADP	shelters	NOUN	 shelters
Turning eastward, the storm deteriorated to a deep depression on May 16 before it curved northeastward and re intensified	intensified	VERB	into	ADP	 into
While some critics praised the direct lyrical approach, others criticised it when compared to previous Wilco albums. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The star is young, and is estimated to be 598 million years old (as compared to the Sun	Sun	PROPN	's	PART	's
The case for Hess's defence was presented from 22 – 26 March by his lawyer, Dr Alfred Seidl	Seidl	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The three letter abbreviation for the constellation, as adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1922, is "	"	PUNCT	Pic	NOUN	 Pic
The most recent evidence of volcanic activity at Mount Hood consists of fumaroles near Crater Rock and hot springs on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reindeer Moss (Cladonia rangiferina) is a common species. The trunks and branches of large trees are an	an	DET	important	ADJ	 important
He later stated that he lacked the faith in his own judgment to leave Yale and get a job in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
" In the second verse, she sings: " You'll never need two, because I will be	be	AUX	your	PRON	 your
Ryan herself has said that she is open for a return to the character, however, stating that she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
On 1 November 1966, McNamara signed an order authorizing STRAT X, officially initiating the study. During STRAT	STRAT	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
Henry argued that, unlike Robert, he had been born to a reigning king and queen, thereby giving	giving	VERB	him	PRON	 him
His mother, a washerwoman, died of cancer when he was 12. He played youth football for Newport	Newport	PROPN	Boys	PROPN	 Boys
They attempted to halt the release of Fast and Furious 7 in Thailand, and on March 27, 2015	2015	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Albany's economy, along with that of the Capital District in general, is heavily dependent on government,	,	PUNCT	health	NOUN	 health
We'd write in the morning so we could rehearse and record at night. It was so difficult,	,	PUNCT	like	ADP	 like
The Royal Union Flag and Red Ensign are still flown in Canada by veterans ' groups and others who continue	continue	VERB	to	PART	 to
" She stated that " While the concept of " a lot of pretty people dancing at dusk " is	is	AUX	pretty	ADV	 pretty
Marcus was responsible for a number of innovations at the Dallas retailer. He created the annual Neiman Marcus Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
" I don't know why it had to be an ear. Except it needed to be an opening	opening	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was the first constable to be killed in a riot in Britain since 1833, when PC Robert Culley	Culley	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Núñez played in 112 games for the Yankees, and led the team in errors with 20, despite only	only	ADV	playing	VERB	 playing
Despite all of his work, Virginia's frontier was ravaged by raiding parties, and he lost one third	third	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The services at Cardiff West includes Esso petrol, a Travelodge, Burger King, Costa Coffee and W H	H	PROPN	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
When Filmation announced their own animated sequel to the fairy tale, the studio was sued by Disney until Filmation	Filmation	PROPN	promised	VERB	 promised
After synthesis, dopamine is transported from the cytosol into synaptic vesicles by a solute carrier — a vesicular monoamine	monoamine	NOUN	transporter	NOUN	 transporter
From Debian 5.0, the numbering scheme of point releases was changed, conforming to the GNU version numbering standard	standard	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
By 1 December, the division was almost completely destroyed; it lost virtually all of its heavy equipment and	and	CCONJ	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
" " Boing Boing ", a comedic sex oriented rap, samples audio from a pornographic film which had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a tactical role playing game developed and published by Square for the Nintendo Game Boy	Boy	PROPN	Advance	PROPN	 Advance
The Due Process Clause prohibits state and local government officials from depriving persons of life, liberty, or property	property	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
It is a prescription drug in many countries, and unauthorized possession and distribution of amphetamine are often tightly controlled	controlled	VERB	due	ADP	 due
First held on December 31, 1907, to welcome 1908, the ball drop has been held annually since	since	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
The speed, range and aircraft requirements remained the same, although the torpedo tubes were dropped. Over a	a	DET	dozen	NOUN	 dozen
A small double blind, randomized study found the antibiotic cephalexin to also increase metformin concentrations by a similar mechanism	mechanism	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Some species are popular as bonsai material because they have characteristics, such as small leaves or needles, that	that	PRON	make	VERB	 make
Five years later, Periyar travelled to North India to advocate the eradication of the caste system. Nearing Periyar	Periyar	NOUN	's	PART	's
During the construction, the New Street interchange and bridge were demolished and replaced. The area of the Paulus	Paulus	PROPN	Boulevard	PROPN	 Boulevard
In one coastal section in eastern Australia during the 1970s, predation of turtle eggs destroyed up to 95%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wollstonecraft's was the first response in a pamphlet war sparked by the publication of Edmund Burke's Reflections on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the last week of his life, he was too weak to lift a knife or fork and wrote	wrote	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Word of the war's end reached her when she was at Saipan on 15 August. The next day	day	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
When the Forty Two Articles were finally published in May 1553, the title page declared that the articles were	were	AUX	agreed	VERB	 agreed
Combinations of forms, such as gods with human bodies and animal heads, are common. New forms and	and	CCONJ	increasingly	ADV	 increasingly
Animal coloration has been a topic of interest and research in biology for centuries. In his 1665 book Micrographia	Micrographia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2008, Warner Bros. Entertainment released Watchmen Motion Comics, a series of narrated animations of the original comic	comic	ADJ	book	NOUN	 book
However, just when the aircrews believed the mission was over, a C 130 piloted by Lieutenant Colonel Jay	Jay	PROPN	Van	PROPN	 Van
Kindt played college football for the University of Wisconsin Badgers primarily as an halfback from 1943 – 1946, missing	missing	VERB	the	DET	 the
B. Wright from Vibe found the music inconsistent and " schizophrenic " but praised Miguel's singing and songwriting abilities	abilities	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Gosiewski then ravaged Ducal Prussia, burning 13 towns and 250 villages, in a campaign that entered folklore because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
Cambridge United took a two goal lead at York, before Hyde scored a header shortly before half time and	and	CCONJ	Wes	PROPN	 Wes
A network of cross country routes linked these main lines, and there were also many and varied branch lines	lines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The latter originally appeared on the 1965 television special A Charlie Brown Christmas and the soundtrack of the same name	name	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After a brief concurrency with SR 530, SR 9 crosses the Stillaguamish River and passes Bryant to enter a	a	DET	heavily	ADV	 heavily
The fleet's ability to conduct offensive operations overseas showed the necessity of a powerful fleet of battleships. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
His last cap was as a second half substitute in a 3 – 1 friendly defeat by the Netherlands in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
The ship left Argentina on 30 June and arrived back in Hampton Roads on 22 July. After resuming her	her	PRON	normal	ADJ	 normal
When questioned on the incident at the press conference, Hamilton defended his actions: [Räikkönen] pushed me	me	PRON	to	ADP	 to
They heavily criticized the episode for taking place before the events of " Kaddish " and " Memento Mori "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" She has also expressed a desire to return to the role, calling on the show's producers to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Thus in 1908, some older DRC members were familiar and open to Pentecostalism. Second, the Dutch Reformed	Reformed	PROPN	minister	NOUN	 minister
His first flight lasted only one minute 45 seconds, but his ability to effortlessly make banking turns and fly	fly	VERB	a	DET	 a
The southern aisle, he said, had had " a small circular headed window, filled up from a	a	DET	pointed	ADJ	 pointed
These were the first drone strikes of 2014; the previous strike occurred on 25 December 2013 in the Qutab	Qutab	PROPN	Khel	PROPN	 Khel
Another characteristic of young, moist fruit bodies is the amber colored drops exuded on the pore surface. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The request for a sequel prompted Tolkien to begin what would become his most famous work: the epic novel	novel	NOUN	The	DET	 The
Ralph would go there to, wallowing in his depression, and would find happiness by gaining " Like It	It	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Ms. Spears, in all prior circumstances, had indicated she had, but at the time she was going	going	VERB	through	ADP	 through
On a more serious level, its investigation into the power of movies pierces a void from which you can	can	AUX	hear	VERB	 hear
At the time, the northeastern Bulgarian city of Ruse was a major economic hub. Ruse prospered due to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Hidden features include collectible autograph pictures of the defeated wrestlers; and a few unlockable characters, among whom are	are	AUX	two	NUM	 two
Spears's manager Larry Rudolph commented on the situation, saying, " Clear Channel is an incredible company,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Actor Michael J. Fox has PD and has greatly increased the public awareness of the disease. After diagnosis,	,	PUNCT	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
Hanneman admitted that he " still love [s] playing that song live. You'd think we'd	'd	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Prisoners reported that by the time it reached Hamch ' ang at the end of July it was down to	to	ADP	3,000	NUM	 3,000
" IGN added: " Resident Evil is supposed to be a terrifying experience, and much of the terror	terror	NOUN	stems	VERB	 stems
Justinian, confident in his own strength based on his previous successes, responded in kind. Finally, the	the	DET	Umayyads	NOUN	 Umayyads
After the death of King Edward VI on 6 July 1553, John Dudley, Duke of Northumberland, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
References to the predynastic rulers of Copán are found in later texts, but none of these texts predate the	the	DET	refounding	NOUN	 refounding
Weadick invited ranchers to enter their wagons and crews to compete for a total of $275 in prize money	money	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was radiant and wonderful. " The rave reviews in the newspapers lifted Lawrence's spirits, and she	she	PRON	expected	VERB	 expected
/ JG 6 lost 12 out 20 Bf 109s. In total, JG 6 lost 43% of its	its	PRON	strength	NOUN	 strength
The stroke of her engines was 27 inches (690 mm) and the bores of their cylinders were 36	36	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
The anthem must be performed in accordance with the lyrics and sheet music established by law. Every day,	,	PUNCT	state	NOUN	 state
MacLean relayed the idea to the General Staff in Salisbury, which decided in late 1977 to form a "	"	PUNCT	French	ADJ	 French
Epperson's script included Darin's penchant for orgies after his divorce with Sandra Dee. Spacey, finding the	the	DET	Epperson	PROPN	 Epperson
But he's never come and said ' I should be starting '. He's been different class.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Clarke held a big advantage in the campaign as he was supported by the Métis who had been looking for	for	ADP	someone	PRON	 someone
The battle took place in Phước Tuy Province (now part of Bà Rịa – Vũng Tàu Province),	,	PUNCT	South	PROPN	 South
Myers is now on death row and the two kids with their own personal vendettas against the killer sneak in	in	ADP	to	PART	 to
Investigators that visited the home said there were no visible injuries on Calyx when the report was filed four days	days	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
In Poland and Ukraine, borscht is usually one of the dishes served at a Christmas Eve dinner. Celebrated	Celebrated	VERB	after	SCONJ	 after
This is a form of epistemological externalism: knowledge or justification depends on factors outside the mind and is not	not	PART	solely	ADV	 solely
He can be heard heckling Michael McKean when McKean hosted SNL in 1984, and he can be seen in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
They practice tromba (ancestral spirit possession) and believe in nature spirits. They adhere to a wide range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The narrow gauge Voss Line from Bergen to Voss opened in 1883, and the Bergen Line was completed as	as	ADP	standard	ADJ	 standard
Learning of the Pillar of Life in the African interior, she journeyed to the ruined kingdom of Kôr,	,	PUNCT	feigning	VERB	 feigning
Items such as case files and cassette tapes are found hidden around the asylum, and provide additional information about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Rev. W. W. Skeat in his notes to the fourteenth century The Vision of William Concerning Piers the	the	DET	Plowman	PROPN	 Plowman
The virus was believed to have been used for cyber espionage in Middle Eastern countries. Kaspersky Lab developed a	a	DET	reputation	NOUN	 reputation
" At the time he joined Lowerhouse, a profile in a Burnley newspaper stated that he was a steady	steady	ADJ	bowler	NOUN	 bowler
" Most reviewers criticized the quality of its cameras, particularly due to their resolution in comparison to contemporaneous mobile	mobile	ADJ	phones	NOUN	 phones
He soon became a contributor to Literatorul, a Symbolist magazine, and was close friends with its founder,	,	PUNCT	Alexandru	PROPN	 Alexandru
The abridged edition generally parallels the full edition, and has been developed for most full editions since that date	date	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Doctor had asked the Teselecta to masquerade as him at Lake Silencio, and the Doctor and his TARDIS	TARDIS	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Americans were naturally sympathetic to a republican cause, but also remembered Louis XVI as a friend of the nascent	nascent	NOUN	United	PROPN	 United
When the Guards saw the star shells and realised Cardiff's intentions, the officer in charge of the landing	landing	NOUN	craft	NOUN	 craft
She explained that the decision was significant, as the films represented a further four year commitment to the role	role	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He is a CEO and co founder of HubSpot, an Internet marketing company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Getting on particularly well with the locals, it is reported that to them " he was every inch the	the	DET	professor	NOUN	 professor
When she awakens again, the Aperture Science complex has become dilapidated and overgrown and appears on the verge of	of	ADP	destruction	NOUN	 destruction
However, the high winds caused the anemometer at Hagåtña to fail during the eye's passage, and the	the	DET	radar	NOUN	 radar
Dockers ' Days bring together past successful Millwall teams who parade on the pitch at half time. Supporters who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The books were illustrated with both photographs and drawings, most of which were made by his wife, Yvonne	Yvonne	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His third novel, The Dark Room (1938) was about domestic disharmony, showcasing the man as the	the	DET	oppressor	NOUN	 oppressor
The band consists of Jason Lytle (vocals, guitar, keyboards), Kevin Garcia (bass guitar)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
SpongeBob SquarePants: The Best Day Ever is a concept soundtrack album by the voice cast members of SpongeBob SquarePants	SquarePants	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Fox also stated that he tries to be inspired by all music he listens to, particularly those in video	video	NOUN	games	NOUN	 games
Monty Norman was invited to write the soundtrack because Broccoli liked his work on the 1961 theatre production Belle,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The full six meter (20 feet) thick walls of the new tower had a series of protected gun	gun	NOUN	ports	NOUN	 ports
Flashing headlights (typically the high beams, flashed alternately) are known as a wig wag. In order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Mark Torbiner, the dental anesthesiologist who administered the drug, told GQ if sodium amytal was used, "	"	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Hammerstein rewrote some of the book to expand the focus from Ta himself to the romantic relationships of the two	two	NUM	couples	NOUN	 couples
The weapons storage capacity was the highest in all of SAC, 10,247,882 NEW (Net Explosive Weight),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
LaRouche supporters insisted that LaRouche was jailed, not for any violation of the law, but for his beliefs	beliefs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 1944, the tops of Nagato's mainmast and funnel were removed to improve the arcs of fire	fire	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On 7 March four No. 457 Squadron aircraft intercepted and shot down a Dinah about 15 miles (24	24	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
As part of this change, Vietnam ceased to regard the United States as a long term foe and China	China	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Collins initially turned in a draft that contained 90,000 words, but the licensing at DreamWorks required the author to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Around the same as her scripted rivalry with Layla, Eve became associated with Cryme Tyme (Shad and JTG	JTG	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
She again played a troubled 1950s housewife, prompting Kenneth Turan to write that she was " essentially reprising her	her	PRON	Far	PROPN	 Far
Aravan agrees to become the sacrificial victim for the Kalabbali (" sacrifice to the battlefield ") to ensure	ensure	VERB	the	DET	 the
Norbert Leo Butz as Rowdy Kaise, the firm's associate and chief talent scout; He acts as a	a	DET	mentor	NOUN	 mentor
The step from rationals to reals is a major extension. There are at least two popular ways to achieve	achieve	VERB	this	DET	 this
Because of the muddy subsoil of the site, work on the foundation continued past the work on the walls	walls	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It was released for the Xbox 360 on November 15, 2011. The release date marks the 10th anniversary	anniversary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the meantime, Bohr and Wheeler developed a theoretical treatment which they published in a September 1939 paper on	on	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
After the Celts moved in, and during their tenure (they had always remained only a small minority)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" At Syfy.co.uk, the episode was listed as the seventh best episode in their list of the top 10	10	NUM	Buffy	PROPN	 Buffy
His appearances throughout the country were like one continuous farewell matinée. At last his batting showed human fallibility.	.	PUNCT	Often	ADV	 Often
Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) finally receives his black belt in karate from his new sensei (	(	PUNCT	Imperioli	PROPN	Imperioli
In a 24 hour period, 2.89 inches (73 mm) of rainfall was recorded at Glenwood on the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
On 1 April 2007, a 50th anniversary semi spoof edition of the programme was broadcast on BBC One,	,	PUNCT	with	SCONJ	 with
But, Harper's Bazaar wrote in June 1920 (vol. 55, no. 6, p. 138	138	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
It would be a long seven years until victory. South Vietnam was a nation in turmoil both during and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
" Irish musician Glen Hansard said it made him think about life with a greater depth of feeling, "	"	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In total, approximately 300 people were taken away from the hospital. Later on 20 November, Šljivančanin and	and	CCONJ	Colonel	PROPN	 Colonel
Andy Taylor, who contracted a stomach virus serious enough to require hospitalization from accidentally drinking water in the lagoon	lagoon	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Insects can usually move around an inactive Phaeacius, or even over its body or legs. However, if	if	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Namath, who had a reasonably healthy season behind a poor offensive line, predicted the Jets would win their	their	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
In 2007, he co authored a training manual on sexual and reproductive health and rights and HIV prevention for	for	ADP	medical	ADJ	 medical
A new cell block, New Division, was completed in 1907 and occupied in 1908. Following another Royal	Royal	PROPN	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
Known year to year variation within that period allows correlation with soil and sediment layers. Caesium 134, and	and	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
The video features references to horror cult films such as Saw and American Psycho and the supposedly haunted painting The	The	DET	Hands	PROPN	 Hands
In a graph from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics in 2004, that compare the workload of married men	men	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
While Hillcourt studied pharmacy in Copenhagen, he became more involved in Scouting. As a Scout leader, he	he	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Toro Rosso's Max Verstappen was very unhappy with his team's strategy in the race handling the situation,	,	PUNCT	repeatedly	ADV	 repeatedly
Finch left the sub governess Mrs Cotesworth in charge and returned grieving in November 1767, in time to care	care	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The program allows citizens to receive trees from four to seven feet tall. They also give them fertilizer,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, Victoria quarrels with him fiercely for going over her head with Peel in the matter of her household	household	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Then, the train goes through an Immelmann loop. After going over an airtime hill, the train makes	makes	VERB	a	DET	 a
Due to the game's day night cycle, different music was composed for morning, afternoon, evening and	and	CCONJ	nighttime	NOUN	 nighttime
The club's crest contains a stylised representation of the town's two most famous landmarks, Dover Castle and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the tournament, he ambushes host Chizuru Kagura and steals her powers, telling Iori Yagami he will be	be	AUX	his	PRON	 his
Visitors to Brook Farm came frequently, totaling an estimated 1,150 each year, though each was charged for their	their	PRON	visit	NOUN	 visit
The media enthusiastically covered the meeting and the events surrounding it, identifying her as a Satanist and romantically involved	involved	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Route 54 heads east as two lane undivided Delmar Road, paralleling Barren Creek on the north toward the Delaware	Delaware	PROPN	state	NOUN	 state
Opining that the illustrations were " superior " due to Hergé's accumulated experience, he nevertheless criticised instances where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Smith said he would more than happy to, and went with Barbetta to his headquarters, about 10 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Six forward tubes and 4 aft were ready for the 24 Mk 14 " fish " the subs carried.	.	PUNCT	Cruising	VERB	 Cruising
Because it was the location of the vernal equinox, it was called the " Indicator of the Reborn Sun	Sun	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Originally set to be published by Disney Interactive Studios, it was the first attempt to create an open world	world	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
Using the Very Large Telescope to study the motions of about 300 planetary nebulae, it has been shown that	that	SCONJ	M87	PROPN	 M87
Tessa Noël is a central character, who appeared in every episode of the first season of Highlander: The	The	DET	Series	PROPN	 Series
I'm an artist who happens to be a woman. – Louise Nevelson Louise Nevelson has been a fundamental	fundamental	ADJ	key	NOUN	 key
Lloyd played her part and frequently visited hospitals, including the Ulster Volunteer Force Hospital in Belfast, where she	she	PRON	interacted	VERB	 interacted
In the " making of " documentaries on the Ultimate Edition DVD release, director Michael Apted said that the	the	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
Slovenia participated for the first time, upsetting Slovakia in the round robin before losing to Sweden in the quarterfinals	quarterfinals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
148 were of two or more races. The neighborhood had 8,169 housing units. Of the 7,401 occupied units	units	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The producers had originally intended to end the programme in 2001 but pressure for another run meant it came back	back	ADV	for	ADP	 for
In his final speech, McKinley urged reciprocity treaties with other nations to assure American manufacturers access to foreign markets	markets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Therefore, in order for objects to remain in existence, God must exist omnipresently. David Hume, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other public transport operators also offer intermittent discounts for using Octopus cards on higher fares and round trip transits on	on	ADP	select	ADJ	 select
The first segment is added when the hatchling sheds its skin for the first time. A new section is	is	AUX	added	VERB	 added
By 1807, further investigation revealed two new objects in the region: 3 Juno and 4 Vesta. The	The	DET	burning	NOUN	 burning
" Anne was not oblivious to this: Pepys wrote that she was jealous and chided James, but he	he	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Deliveries were planned to start in late 1984 and be completed in 1990. The total cost of the F	F	PROPN	/	PUNCT	 /
Janet remained interested in politics for the rest of the war and was always a harsh critic of Loyalists.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
As a member of Australian national sides, she has earned gold medals at the 2007 FINA Junior World Championships	Championships	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
While the Jarrars and Zahir eventually concluded a truce, the former continued to mobilize the clans of Jabal Nablus	Nablus	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The sudden activity peak in March did not culminate in a major eruption, and activity declined enough that the	the	DET	alert	ADJ	 alert
Several hours later, Howard busts a player called Pig, perhaps with a bluff, and the remaining players	players	NOUN	take	VERB	 take
In 1990, Gibson contributed to " Visionary San Francisco ", an exhibition at the San Francisco Museum of	of	ADP	Modern	PROPN	 Modern
Despite Langdale's attempt to counter charge, the Royalists were soon outflanked. With the Parliamentarian musketeers firing into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The concept of bacon ice cream originated in a 1973 sketch on the British comedy series The Two Ronnies as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Foxdenton Hall is a two storey Georgian mansion and former manor house, with an English garden wall bond exterior	exterior	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although it had been known previously to missionaries and residents by the name " mamba ". Which was already	already	ADV	established	VERB	 established
Many objects and artifacts from the program are on display at various locations throughout the world, notably at the	the	DET	Smithsonian	PROPN	 Smithsonian
Traditionally these terms are specific to certain geographical areas although some may be used by a particular social group such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
A Royalist, Gilmour was rewarded following the Restoration of King Charles II, becoming Lord President of the Court	Court	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
She and a team of quarian soldiers were sent to investigate a star aging faster than usual and are under	under	ADP	attack	NOUN	 attack
Rita takes her children Astor (Christina Robinson) and Cody (Preston Bailey) to see Paul (Mark	Mark	PROPN	Pellegrino	PROPN	 Pellegrino
It is one of the largest stars discovered to have a planetary companion. The Triangulum Galaxy, also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
It was then put aside so that the composer could concentrate on his third opera Dalibor. Smetana evidently did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
NY 284 crosses over the waterway, entering Wawayanda and connecting to CR 93 (Lime Kiln Road) just	just	ADV	north	ADV	 north
Molina led the team and was sixth in the NL with a.340 batting average with runners in scoring position.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Delegates denied recognition to the Council of Regency in Spain and established a junta to govern in place of Cisneros	Cisneros	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By 1909, however, the railroad had circumnavigated Lower Klamath Lake directly to Klamath Falls. The steamboat line	line	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
" In Italy, " Elastic Heart " impacted contemporary hit radio on 9 January 2015. " Elastic Heart	Heart	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As a result, Orton punted DiBiase in the head, putting him out of action; this storyline was	was	AUX	put	VERB	 put
After the carrier Formidable arrived on 9 March to relieve Illustrious, orders were cancelled that would have transferred Eagle	Eagle	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Homer says that, since taking Focusyn, Bart has gone " from Goofus to Gallant ", a reference	reference	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Szabó came from a family of Jews who had converted to Catholicism, but were considered Jews by the Arrow	Arrow	PROPN	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
He retired from active service on 1 July 1950, and received a tombstone promotion to the rank of rear	rear	ADJ	admiral	NOUN	 admiral
However, some larger artists are unable to do so. Neversoft director Brian Bright states that they do not	not	PART	expect	VERB	 expect
In Canada, where the episode also aired on March 31, 2011, it was watched by 3.18 million	million	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
The main Live portion of the game received mixed reviews, with critics panning its weak soundtrack, lack of	of	ADP	multiplayer	NOUN	 multiplayer
Played by Amy Madigan (seasons 1 – 2 main cast), Erin Sanders (as child, Irina	Irina	PROPN	Belyakov	PROPN	 Belyakov
Victorville, founded by the Santa Fe Railroad to take advantage of water along the Mojave River, and for	for	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
Before they accepted this job, they were told that Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky were leaving The Simpsons,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He also stressed Hardin's association with Tate; Hardin had been the state's attorney general when Tate absconded	absconded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Heavy rainfall flooded streets and subways in New York. In Connecticut, Doria produced up to 3.12 inches (	(	PUNCT	79	NUM	79
On the next play, Dee Hart made the final score 49 – 0 with his six yard touchdown run	run	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It ended at the thirty fifth position on the year end chart. In the United States, it was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Indofood is the largest instant noodle producer in the world. Indomie brand by Indofood is one of the Indonesia	Indonesia	PROPN	's	PART	's
, and Tinieblas, Jr. in a six man tag team match. This match was one of the early	early	ADJ	results	NOUN	 results
The song was first released for a Barceló TV commercial. After " Como Abeja al Panal " was released	released	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The majority of the rejected ballots were " No " votes, in proportion to the majority of the valid	valid	ADJ	votes	NOUN	 votes
After decommissioning in mid 1919, she was briefly in cargo service out of Baltimore and New York before being	being	AUX	laid	VERB	 laid
GM estimates that the Volt batteries will degrade by 10 to 30% after 8 years or 100,000 miles.	.	PUNCT	GM	PROPN	 GM
She was named the OCAA's most valuable player, but Seneca settled for the silver medal after losing the	the	DET	OCAA	NOUN	 OCAA
The design was a finalist in the USAF's Advanced Tactical Fighter competition, and two prototypes were built for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
They traded in textiles, gold and jewellery, where the market was traditionally dominated by Burmese women. The	The	DET	Chettiars	PROPN	 Chettiars
" In the context of the Pistols ' album title, the term does in fact primarily signify " nonsense	nonsense	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
After his final Test match appearance, Headley's only other first class match was in the Commonwealth XI fixture	fixture	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
At Exit 145, the route encounters the eastern terminus of Highway 7, which travels southwest to Peterborough,	,	PUNCT	Ontario	PROPN	 Ontario
The nearby Franciscan Convent purchased a plot of land adjacent to their own in 1858, and St George's	's	PART	Church	PROPN	 Church
The team replaced Mariucci with Dennis Erickson in February 2003. Before the 2003 NFL season, Stokes, who	who	PRON	at	ADP	 at
Also in Munster, an unstressed short vowel is not reduced to schwa if the following syllable contains a stressed	stressed	ADJ	/	SYM	 /
Tommy and Ruth's relationship ends. In the third and final act, 10 years later, Kathy is	is	AUX	still	ADV	 still
Before his collarbone injury, Armstrong was considered an overall favorite, and it was also noted that three time	time	NOUN	trials	NOUN	 trials
Instead, he maintained, " the British fleet should be as compact as possible, in order to take	take	VERB	the	DET	 the
Wells asked Dodge " if he had behaved like a soldier. " Dodge responded, " Yes, Wells	Wells	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With subsidiaries in Germany, the UK and the US, the company also sells sheet music; provides ready	ready	ADJ	made	VERB	 made
His regiment first served garrison duty in Strasbourg, but in December 1793, participated in the Battle of Wissembourg	Wissembourg	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In March 1949, Wesley Rose requested Williams to send him the records by Griffin and Miller to prove that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In Blyton's 1944 novel The Island of Adventure, a black servant named Jo Jo is very intelligent,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 1842 and 1844 the first children were born on the island. Then in 1847 Poole, Dawson and	and	CCONJ	Foulis	PROPN	 Foulis
In 1139 Foliot was elected Abbot of Gloucester, blessed by the diocesan bishop on 11 June 1139. The	The	DET	appointment	NOUN	 appointment
The market for replica shirts has grown enormously, with the revenue generated for leading clubs and the frequency with	with	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He is a member of Kappa Kappa Psi honorary band fraternity. Upon graduation, he won a Rhodes Scholarship	Scholarship	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
His relationship with Solidus is explored when he remembers his past; when about to be killed by Solidus,	,	PUNCT	Raiden	PROPN	 Raiden
We wish you much success in your deliberations at this important event. " The Communist Party of the Russian	Russian	PROPN	Federation	PROPN	 Federation
After arriving in Greece, Kilkis became the flagship of the Greek fleet. At the outbreak of World War	War	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
He thus renovated the Torah to the Children of Israel. Ibn Kathir mentions that the sign in the phrase	phrase	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1902, Garran married Hilda Robson. Together they would have four sons, Richard (born 1903)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
To help preserve the dark skies at Cherry Springs State Park, Tri County Rural Electric company installs light shielding	shielding	NOUN	caps	NOUN	 caps
Long term plans also call for HOV lanes to run from Brock Road to Harmony Road, though no planning	planning	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
" As the Liberals had lost NDP support in the house by refusing to accept an NDP plan to prevent	prevent	VERB	health	NOUN	 health
In this way the stiff cuticle acts like the elastic of a catapult, or the bow of a bow	bow	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In a cable to the MCC, the Australian Board of Control repeated the allegation of poor sportsmanship directed at	at	ADP	Warner	PROPN	 Warner
Structured, at times, as a nonlinear narrative, the story skips through space, time and plot.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
[3] Foster's songs were typical of the minstrel era in their unabashed sentimentality, and in their	their	PRON	acceptance	NOUN	 acceptance
LocoRoco is divided into 5 worlds each consisting of 8 levels. In each level, the goal is to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
The communications delay between Earth and Mars can vary between five and twenty minutes depending upon the relative positions of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film and her performance received positive critical reviews. Sukanya Verma of Rediff.com called the film " absolutely riveting	riveting	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The hurricane produced 10 ft (3.0 m) waves along south facing beaches. Upon passing through the Leeward	Leeward	PROPN	Islands	PROPN	 Islands
The movie consists of a series of teenagers who are introduced, haunted by nightmares and then slashed to death	death	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Her intended crew consisted of 28 officers and 754 enlisted men, although she carried 928 crewmen during the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Coin portraits of Offa have been described as " showing a delicacy of execution which is unique in the whole	whole	ADJ	history	NOUN	 history
She enlisted twelve maids to help her unravel the shroud at night and spy on the suitors. Odysseus eventually	eventually	ADV	returned	VERB	 returned
Off southern Africa, the short tail stingray is rare in shallow water and most often found over offshore banks	banks	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Passions followed the romantic and supernatural adventures in the fictional New England coastal town of Harmony. Created by the	the	DET	soap	NOUN	 soap
There are thought to be between 20,000 and 60,000 members of fundamentalist sects, (0.1 – 0.4 percent of	of	ADP	Mormons	PROPN	 Mormons
Vieira rounded the goalkeeper and scored. The team, dubbed " The Invincibles " did not achieve similar dominance	dominance	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Melt Eclectic Cafe offers a vegan 3 way. The history of Cincinnati chili shares many factors in common with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
" However, Christine Caruana of Loud Online said, " [It] is very much typical of its	its	PRON	genre	NOUN	 genre
Calabria was built at the La Spezia dockyard, with her keel being laid down in February 1892. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
As an exception to the retired number policy, MLB in 2007 began honoring Robinson by allowing players to wear	wear	VERB	number	NOUN	 number
In a March 2010 interview, he said that the label " gave me the parts and let me do	do	VERB	whatever	PRON	 whatever
Events elsewhere in the country further delayed the execution and, following an intercession to Thomas Cromwell (whose own	own	ADJ	informal	ADJ	 informal
During the season, Princeton swept defending Ivy League champion Cornell. Mavraides scored 25 including 5 three point shots	shots	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On top of the stone is a shallow bowl which was used for offerings of wine or blood or perhaps	perhaps	ADV	to	PART	 to
William, the third earl, died in early 1148 while on crusade and the earldom and estates passed to	to	ADP	William	PROPN	 William
The short lived but intense tornado struck without warning and caused three deaths and 500 injuries. The storm,	,	PUNCT	rated	VERB	 rated
She has said the story is a metaphor for her own failed love affairs and that " I had kind	kind	ADV	of	ADV	 of
" His public speeches were adequate and informative, but never " of a sort to arouse a warm feeling	feeling	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This change was heralded by the arrival of spouge, a popular national genre that reflects Barbadian heritage and African	African	ADJ	origins	NOUN	 origins
The request was denied on 15 March, and the JNA came under the control of Serbian President Slobodan Milošević	Milošević	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Office ranked fourth in its timeslot, being beaten by an episode of the CBS police procedural Person of	of	ADP	Interest	PROPN	 Interest
External changes included the shock wave exhaust tips and grilles and new HID Xenon adaptive projector headlamps. The control	control	NOUN	panel	NOUN	 panel
In terms of distribution, researchers calculates sugarcane ethanol ’ s transport energy requirement to be.44 GJ per cubic meter	meter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Egypt Darius built many temples and restored those that had previously been destroyed. Even though Darius was a	a	DET	Zoroastrian	PROPN	 Zoroastrian
On February 21, 1998, the local organization's petition was approved by the national with a charter as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
SHANGHAI) and MARY ANN (nee PUGH bn. ENGLAND) AND MARRIED FOR A TIME TO ELIZABETH (	(	PUNCT	STEWART	PROPN	STEWART
The stories, which are sophisticated fairy tales, focus on the power of women and are set in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Illini wideout Arrelious Benn (Biletnikoff, Walter Camp Player of the Year, Maxwell) and Ohio State quarterback	quarterback	NOUN	Terrelle	PROPN	 Terrelle
In 2013, it was announced that Marble Hornets would become a feature film. In 2015, the film	film	NOUN	adaptation	NOUN	 adaptation
As a consequence of the race, Webber's third place finish allowed him to increase his lead in the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
" Jon O'Brien from Allmusic reviewed her box set Kylie: The Albums 2000 – 2010 and stated " Kylie	Kylie	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
" Clayton agreed that the album's commercial reception must be " challenged " but said, " the more	more	ADV	interesting	ADJ	 interesting
Chinese attempts to confiscate a €6.95 million villa in Cannes, bought and held for Bo through intermediaries,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
There was some aspect of service parochialism, and Parsons believed that involvement in the Manhattan Project would be important	important	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Mother 3 was later announced in 2003 to have restarted development for the Game Boy Advance handheld console in a	a	DET	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
Unsatisfied with Hutton, Arthurs invited and auditioned acquaintance Liam Gallagher as a replacement. Liam suggested that the band	band	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
She could also carry 120 mines. The conning tower had 75 mm (3.0 in) thick sides,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Martí and Ernst state in their work Volcanoes and the Environment that they believe that many who survived the lahars	lahars	NOUN	succumbed	VERB	 succumbed
By March, Wright and Cornish turned in a fifth draft of the script, amid alleged disputes on the	the	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
This new palace was Charles Garnier's Second Empire casino, completed in 1878 (Illustration 16). The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
However, the authors re interpreted the Dossiers Secrets in the light of their own interest in undermining the Roman	Roman	PROPN	Catholic	PROPN	 Catholic
However, he described actor William B. Davis as " an extremely competent actor ", noting the character's	's	PART	increasing	VERB	 increasing
After letting his men beat him into submission, Luthor stabs Superman with a Kryptonite shard and leaves him to	to	PART	die	VERB	 die
As a result, full world championship status was given to the IIHF World Under 20 Championship, which had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
" Pilot " was executive produced by Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, Maurissa Tancharoen, Jeffrey Bell and Jeph	Jeph	PROPN	Loeb	PROPN	 Loeb
She had decided to release " Angel " as the initial single from the album, but changed her mind	mind	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Like many of his countrymen, Słowacki decided to stay in France as a political refugee. In 1832 he	he	PRON	published	VERB	 published
Study requires reading books found in the game, some of which will immediately raise a skill when read.	.	PUNCT	Weaponry	ADJ	 Weaponry
It was the only idea I had, I liked it, and I knew there was no way it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
On 13 December 1974, drug suppression and anti hijacking protection were added to the missions of the 42d Military	Military	PROPN	Police	PROPN	 Police
Comic Book Bin wrote that while Rozen Maiden was not a splendid manga, its emphasis on psychology and emotion	emotion	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Gygax's early work for Troll Lord included a series of hardcover books that eventually came to be called "	"	PUNCT	Gygax	PROPN	 Gygax
A vaguely humanoid and luminous silhouette appears in the flat, surprising both the Doctor and Rose but delighting Jackie	Jackie	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
These tests were conducted by the Czech National Anti Doping Agency with assistance of the World Anti Doping Agency.	.	PUNCT	Testing	NOUN	 Testing
In the Navy, the number of enlisted Filipinos peaked at more than 5,700 by the end of the war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the south of the city, the Whitworth Art Gallery displays modern art, sculpture and textiles and was	was	AUX	recently	ADV	 recently
" This view remains the subject of dispute. Writing in 2001, legal scholar Richard Posner described Uncle Tom	Tom	PROPN	's	PART	's
He also served as a judge for the papacy and defended the cathedral chapter in two disputes over the chapter	chapter	NOUN	's	PART	's
" Unruhe " premiered on the Fox network on October 27, 1996. This episode earned a Nielsen rating	rating	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tokiwa returned to Truk on 14 July, and reoccupied Makin Atoll the following month after the Makin Raid.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
CargoNet and Cargolink operate freight trains along the line. CargoNet hauls using Vossloh Euro, while Cargolink uses Di	Di	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
It is used when the matrix clause and the subordinate clause have different subjects. It is often used in	in	ADP	appositional	ADJ	 appositional
As per the plan, Maya Sita vanished in the fire at Agni Pariksha and real Sita comes out.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Bodley moved to the United States in 1935, where he worked as a screenwriter. He re enlisted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the engagement at Cowan's Ford, citizens between the Catawba and Yadkin rivers who were sympathetic to the	the	DET	Patriots	PROPN	 Patriots
As they head southwest through boreal forest, the lines generally traverse flat, smooth rolling hills. After the	the	DET	lines	NOUN	 lines
His literary executor was his private secretary, Lord Rowton. The Disraeli vault also contains the body of Sarah	Sarah	PROPN	Brydges	PROPN	 Brydges
However Prokofiev, who saw himself as a composer first and foremost, increasingly resented the amount of time that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Having Chun Li getting her spine ripped out, or Ryu's head bouncing off the floor... it does	does	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The episode was generally well received among television critics. Glenn Diaz of BuddyTV commented that Perry's character was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
It ’ s a good song and it ’ s fun. " While Jonas responded the allegations with,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Asad was a member of the Qasr clan, a subtribe of the Banu Bajila. His great grandfather Asad	Asad	PROPN	ibn	PROPN	 ibn
On series two, there are four double doors on the right side and none on the left side.	.	PUNCT	SL79	PROPN	 SL79
After Timmy tricks the Destructinator into inhaling the explosives, he reveals that he stole the detonator remote from him	him	PRON	back	ADV	 back
In 1892, the discovery of Amalthea, whose orbit lay closer to Jupiter than those of the Galilean moons	moons	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was previously divided into two types: alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence. In a medical context, alcoholism	alcoholism	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Game Informer expressed disappointment that " [it] also takes away your ability to move [while in first	first	ADJ	person	NOUN	 person
Although no new elements (apart from einsteinium and fermium) could be detected in the nuclear test debris,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Overwhelmed, Olga was found sobbing under a staircase cuddling her teddy bear a few days after her arrival in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At this point in their career, the album was the band's lowest peaking record on the Billboard 200	200	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Garamond typefaces are popular and often used, particularly for printing body text and books. Since around 1910,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Shankar completed his training in 1944. he moved to Mumbai and joined the Indian People's Theatre Association,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The folding can be so complex that a single layer may be exposed at the surface many times by subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	erosion	NOUN	 erosion
Tom Duff, also a NYIT member, would later join Pixar after its formation. With Lucas ' 1983	1983	NUM	divorce	NOUN	 divorce
It was the first time the Beauforts had been armed with torpedoes in combat, and they failed to score	score	VERB	any	DET	 any
Potassium forms a mixture of potassium peroxide and potassium superoxide, while rubidium and caesium form the superoxide exclusively.	.	PUNCT	Their	PRON	 Their
While archdeacon, Warelwast is recorded as being present at the transfer of a Devon church to Bath Cathedral.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
She also ran her own dance school. By 1990, ISO was performing not just in the US but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
Ehlers had been suggested by Ludwig Biermann, the institute's director at the time. When Ehlers joined the	the	DET	institute	NOUN	 institute
Other common alloys and some new superalloys comprise most of the remainder of world nickel use, with chemical uses	uses	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Meanwhile, another pattern alternates with chromatic scales in the woodwinds and a third pattern of rhythms is played by	by	ADP	percussion	NOUN	 percussion
It formed in 1997 following a split in the Provisional IRA by dissident members, who rejected the Provisionals '	'	PART	ceasefire	NOUN	 ceasefire
The British Geological Survey (BGS) reported that in 2005, China was the top producer of antimony with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
Milius's concept of Conan the Barbarian as an opera was picked up by the critics; Elley and Huckvale	Huckvale	PROPN	saw	VERB	 saw
It's a tough call between being a blank slate and being yourself. " Holley has also served for	for	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
He determines that it is leaking time energy from which the Angels are attempting to feed. In the forest	forest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They were tested on the Østensjø and Lambertseter Lines until 1 December 1960, when they were transferred to Bærumsbanen	Bærumsbanen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Series writer Blythe Robe commented on Izzie and Denny: " I love the way Izzie lights up when she	she	PRON	’	PUNCT	 ’
These two techniques have also been observed in other deinopids. Walking insects form most of the prey of most	most	ADJ	deinopids	NOUN	 deinopids
This system, which includes one screen outside the enclosure, was implemented to help the zoo meet the demands	demands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1851, it allied with the Argentine breakaway provinces of Corrientes and Entre Rios (led by Justo José	José	PROPN	de	X	 de
For example, in The Green House the technique is used in a serious fashion to achieve a sober tone	tone	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Roger puts Peggy in charge of hiring a new male copywriter for Mohawk. Stan advises her to hire a	a	DET	mediocre	ADJ	 mediocre
The film became one of the highest grossing Telugu films of 2014. It was dubbed into Malayalam and Tamil	Tamil	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
However, as his troops were ravaging the surrounding countryside, he received news that Antigonus was marching on Argos	Argos	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Finnish news agency STT Lehtikuva reported in June that the goaltender had informed the Finnish national team that he had	had	AUX	decided	VERB	 decided
The London scenes were shot in Honolulu. This led to several continuity errors, such as a British Army	Army	PROPN	recruitment	NOUN	 recruitment
In addition to one way and round trip tickets QuickLink offers monthly and 10 trip passes. Passes and tickets	tickets	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
When the government of his time captured him and attempted to execute him using advanced technology, he was accidentally	accidentally	ADV	sent	VERB	 sent
Le Pelley arrived at the Spanish port on 13 June in the frigates Libre and Indienne with sailors to begin	begin	VERB	manning	VERB	 manning
While in 1938 Sweden was no longer a major threat against Russia, the Soviets had not forgotten the role	role	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The abundance and unity it shows were the idyllic hope of a post war world, and the image has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The plateaus are named for their relatively flat tops. Upper and Lower refer to their location along the Rogue	Rogue	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Michaels followed up with a diving elbow drop and tried to execute Sweet Chin Music, but collapsed in the	the	DET	process	NOUN	 process
The Harrod – Domar model dominated growth theory until Robert Solow and Trevor Swan independently developed neoclassical growth models in	in	ADP	1956	NUM	 1956
To avoid any appearance of bias, the Saginaw native noted: " You may think I am a friend	friend	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A number of major music acts, including Joe Cocker, Def Leppard, Paul Carrack (of Mike +	+	PROPN	The	DET	 The
Firearms remained in use in China throughout the following centuries. Meanwhile, gunpowder and firearms spread elsewhere very quickly	quickly	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In November 2013, in response to a lawsuit filed by the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners and the	the	DET	Nuclear	PROPN	 Nuclear
Edward Newton (convinced that the pigeon still survived) interviewed two inhabitants of Mauritius about the Mauritius blue pigeon	pigeon	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the Iberian Peninsula there are currently described 13 species and several subspecies. Its life cycle is annual,	,	PUNCT	living	VERB	 living
After ending 0 – 0 the match went to a replay, which Nottingham Forest won 1 – 0.	.	PUNCT	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
David Leonhart of The New York Times praised Gregory Itzin's portrayal of President Charles Logan, comparing his character	character	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He made his debut in a 1 – 0 defeat at Rio Ave on 4 February 2007, and made	made	VERB	5	NUM	 5
Larry Hagman and Rex Reed also make cameos; Hagman plays an army major in charge of a convoy that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The polyp is retractable into the corallite, the stony cup in which it sits, being pulled back by	by	ADP	sheet	NOUN	 sheet
An example is the " stem story ", in which a child is given the beginning of a story	story	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
A third NFL championship followed in 1955. In the championship game against the Rams, Lavelli caught a touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Oxford Street runs for approximately 1.2 miles (1.9 km). From Marble Arch, where it meets Park	Park	PROPN	Lane	PROPN	 Lane
Jason Aldean's Burn It Down Tour With Miranda Lambert, Florida Georgia Line & Tyler Farr as openers on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
As a result of the imprecision of the fairy's curse, which was placed on " the English magician	magician	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The song is also the topic of Italian poet Giovanni Pascoli's " La Capinera " [The Blackcap]	]	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Wesleyan faculty originally deemed his mathematics knowledge so lacking, they refused his admittance; the decision was rescinded	rescinded	VERB	after	SCONJ	 after
The third floor originated in a property line dispute during the 1790s: the original west wall had been constructed	constructed	VERB	six	NUM	 six
The extra generating capacity was needed due to a sixfold increase in Long Island's electricity demand from 1910 to	to	ADP	1925	NUM	 1925
On 11 April, the ship departed the Ålands for Helsinki, with the intention of proceeding to Danzig to	to	PART	refuel	VERB	 refuel
He was given out caught by Bradman from Garth Burton, after an appeal for a disputed catch; Miller	Miller	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
Today Bollen durian is also available, it is pastry filled with durian. Dried durian flesh can be made	made	VERB	into	ADP	 into
However, his disavowal came too late: the anti Catholic party in the convention had found time to organize	organize	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
2. The song was released on October 4, 2005, by Epic Records as the lead single from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Back at Michael's condo, a frustrated Pam loses her composure and tells Michael she made a mistake leaving	leaving	VERB	Dunder	PROPN	 Dunder
A study of annual deposition of C, N, and P from P. Oceanica sea grass meadows in northeast	northeast	ADJ	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
This proved not to be the case, but he suffered from eye strain and impairment to his vision for	for	ADP	much	ADJ	 much
… We believe that the true body of Christ is eaten in the communion in a sacramental and spiritual manner	manner	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The school holds weekly matches against local schools as well as competing in the National Schools Cup at both junior	junior	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Many nitrox capable dive computers calculate an oxygen loading and can track it across multiple dives. The aim is	is	AUX	to	PART	 to
Woffinden continued: " Which, you feel, would not be a bad appetiser for the real meat to	to	PART	follow	VERB	 follow
They gave " Pokey Mom " as an example of how " chiropractors on sitcoms pok [e] fun	fun	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The Exhibition was to be held at Budapest's City Park. Exhibits were to be divided into twelve distinct	distinct	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
He also provided a new opening line for the " Seguidilla " in act 1. Most of the characters	characters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Osborne views the whole opera as an ensemble piece, and he comments that grand soliloquy in the old Verdian	Verdian	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
The diverse origins of Malagasy culture are evident in its tangible expressions. The most emblematic instrument of Madagascar,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In its original American broadcast, " The Simpsons Spin Off Showcase " finished 61st place in the weekly ratings	ratings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Royal argued that the book was not only important to comics studies, but also to the study of Jewish	Jewish	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Pulsford is also remembered for his avid opposition to the White Australia policy and other forms of racial discrimination.	.	PUNCT	Whilst	SCONJ	 Whilst
This explanation is completely unconvincing in view of the care with which the Soviet regime kept the massacre secret from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Carey donned a black open back dress with a plunging neckline, and performed " Never Too Far / Hero	Hero	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Park had not been assessed for the risk of suicide. Jeremy Park said that " we are all completely	completely	ADV	devastated	VERB	 devastated
With the realm now peaceful, Edward left England to join Louis IX on the Ninth Crusade; he was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The season debuted on April 21, 2014, with the two part episode " Wake Up " / "	"	PUNCT	Escape	VERB	 Escape
Through his father, White was of Scottish descent and was raised in the Presbyterian faith. White's father	father	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While the two are combined for the purposes of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) category, they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The game's designer described Fez as a " ' stop and smell the flowers ' kind of game "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Waters rose enough to cause minor inundations, but not nearly at the same severity as those that occurred in	in	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
(For example, f (x) could be a Weierstrass function.) The convergence of both series	series	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
On 2 February 1929, he received a regular commission in the US Army Air Corps. He married Irene	Irene	PROPN	Gillespie	PROPN	 Gillespie
The Sermon on the Mount is notable in that it begins by borrowing the Sibyl of Cumae's description of	of	ADP	punishment	NOUN	 punishment
One reason why Power might be more obscure than competing texts in political philosophy is that it is written in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
It Takes a Nation's success helped raise hip hop's profile as both art and sociopolitical statement, amid	amid	ADP	media	NOUN	 media
It is likely that Sarah – Theodora pressured Ivan Alexander to select her own son as his successor, although	although	SCONJ	Ivan	PROPN	 Ivan
On December 3 a mid level circulation developed about 140 miles (225 km) north of the surface center	center	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Because of his restless nature, Harrison left his family in Oregon and traveled to London in 1913 to undergo	undergo	VERB	postgraduate	NOUN	 postgraduate
Caion's own texts on the subject of decadence were published as booklets by the French company Retaux Frères.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Media coverage of the paternity suit was influenced by the FBI, as information was fed to the prominent gossip	gossip	NOUN	columnist	NOUN	 columnist
NY 251 was truncated to its present terminus in Scottsville in the late 1970s, at which time NY 386	386	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The lab identified the sample as being from a dog that was at the crime scene, and this information	information	NOUN	helped	VERB	 helped
" In 1977, he became a spokesman for the Deutsche Volksunion (German People's Union), a	a	DET	nationalist	ADJ	 nationalist
These included the commanding officers of both the 47th and 15th Regiments. Of the Australian force that had launched	launched	VERB	the	DET	 the
Her keel was laid down in November 1935 in Bremen. She was commissioned in August 1936 with Korvettenkapitän Hans	Hans	PROPN	Ibbeken	PROPN	 Ibbeken
The trailer was released in November 1993, accompanying The Three Musketeers in theaters, as only a third of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
In December 1923, the southern apse of the cathedral collapsed. It was restored under Toros Toramanian's supervision	supervision	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Following the capitulation of Germany in November 1918, most of the High Seas Fleet, under the command of	of	ADP	Rear	PROPN	 Rear
She made her international debut in February 2010. A right handed batter and wicket keeper, she is the	the	DET	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
Wood storks (Mycteria americana) nest almost exclusively in cypress forests and in the past 100 years have seen	seen	VERB	a	DET	 a
Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that the only subject matter on the album was " violence, drugs, pussy,	,	PUNCT	bitches	NOUN	 bitches
In 82 Agricola crossed an unidentified body of water and defeated peoples unknown to the Romans until then. He	He	PRON	fortified	VERB	 fortified
In 1930, Muskegon was bypassed; the new highway east of downtown was numbered US 31A. By the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Teen clubs that had served as reliable and steady venues for young groups began to close their doors. The	The	DET	garage	NOUN	 garage
Virginia, the largest colony, deserved recognition, and New England — where the fighting began — realized it	it	PRON	needed	VERB	 needed
At Metacritic, which assigns a high rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
The route is 0.277 miles (0.446 km) long, and connects Balmorhea State Park to State Highway 17	17	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
The same group of officers approached Tomlinson outside a Montblanc store at the southern end of Royal Exchange Passage,	,	PUNCT	near	ADP	 near
Saeroen likewise left soon after, joining Star Film. Djoewariah continued to act until the 1950s, when she	she	PRON	migrated	VERB	 migrated
A total of seven homes were destroyed, four were damaged, and 39 others were affected. About 3,931	3,931	NUM	hectares	NOUN	 hectares
The Komnenian wall lacks a moat, since the difficult terrain of the area makes it unnecessary. The wall	wall	NOUN	features	VERB	 features
He believes that Greek meat lacks a " consistent quality ". Miran Kourounlian has stated in an interview that	that	SCONJ	some	PRON	 some
In an important age of Kannada literature, competition between Vaishnava and Veerashaiva writers came to the fore. Literary	Literary	ADJ	disputations	NOUN	 disputations
The series featured Marceline and Princess Bubblegum forming a band and touring around Ooo. The series is published by	by	ADP	Boom	PROPN	 Boom
Cars and bicycles are banned from Herm, in order to keep " peace and tranquility ". However,	,	PUNCT	Herm	PROPN	 Herm
The folkish sector of the movement deems Heathenry to be the indigenous religion of a biologically distinct Nordic race.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
De Camp (1971) argues that a child's language acquisition process includes developing the ability to accommodate for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In October 2010 Radikal reported that a nearby mosque, built in 1997, would be demolished to make	make	VERB	room	NOUN	 room
A total of five people were killed in the United States, three of these deaths occurred when floodwaters swept	swept	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In the playoffs, the Spurs swept the Los Angeles Lakers, beat Golden State in six games and defeated	defeated	VERB	the	DET	 the
National Cycle Way Route 71 Parkgate to Teggs Nose, Macclesfield, passes about 100 m (330 ft)	)	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
This kingdom was known as the Hindavi Swarajya (" Hindu self rule ") in the Marathi language.	.	PUNCT	Shivaji	PROPN	 Shivaji
Within 24 hours, Channel 4 backed the production. A £2 million budget was assigned to the film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Described in 1985 as " America's second oldest, continuously running coffeehouse ", it was also known for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The five inch (127 millimetre) hawser initially produced was deemed too small and orders for a ten inch	inch	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included twenty 75 millimeter (3.0 in) QF	QF	PROPN	guns	NOUN	 guns
Retired army surgeon Dr. J. W. Gardiner also testified that he saw the bulge in Tom's pants. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Taylor paid little of the agreed receipts to performers, or composers, and lived for much of his period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After recording his first WHL hat trick on October 10, 2008, against the Kelowna Rockets, he was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
Reading the translation of the myth of Myrrha by Dryden as a comment on the political scene, states Lee	Lee	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Other ironic readings have found Ulysses longing for withdrawal, even death, in the form of his proposed	proposed	VERB	quest	NOUN	 quest
Late in 1926, George Davis died suddenly, and Briskin dissolved Banner. After Banner, Briskin returned to	to	ADP	work	NOUN	 work
Acting without orders from the Ottoman government, on 27 September the German commander of the Dardanelles fortifications ordered the	the	DET	passage	NOUN	 passage
The placement of the city of Ambohimanga relative to Antananarivo also reflects these systems. Centrally located Antananarivo is the	the	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
Groves had arranged for Laurence to view significant events, including Trinity and the atomic bombing of Japan. Laurence	Laurence	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Barker, though, preferred comedy, and felt it was " as good and as important as serious work	work	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Stones may be removed either by direct suction or by using various instruments, including balloons and baskets to trawl	trawl	VERB	the	DET	 the
Told from the perspective of the WWE during that period, matches and in game cutscenes are supplemented by video	video	NOUN	packages	NOUN	 packages
The falls are described in order going upstream along the creek for each of the three glens. The waterfalls	waterfalls	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Thankfully, no one was seriously hurt because of the fire. The monks were forced to rebuild the college	college	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Boycott began playing for his home county in 1962 after topping the averages for Leeds, Yorkshire Colts and Yorkshire	Yorkshire	PROPN	Second	PROPN	 Second
Whereas Bono exhibited a full throated vocal delivery on the group's previous releases, for Achtung Baby he extended	extended	VERB	his	PRON	 his
By this date, the Kingdom of Scotland had political boundaries that closely resembled those of the modern nation.	.	PUNCT	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
" Cavallaro suggested that despite the feminine appearance of the " angel ", it could be of a "	"	PUNCT	preternatural	ADJ	 preternatural
Children were unpaid and bound apprentice until they were 21. They boarded on an upper floor of the building	building	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It has now turned into terrestrial glacier; it has receded and does not flow into the sea. Its	Its	PRON	retreat	NOUN	 retreat
His " flopping " style was derived from him flailing in the crease, using every part of his body	body	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Shaughnessy handled both the passing and kicking duties for the team. He played on the freshman squad in 1910	1910	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The two stages became known as Alpha and Beta. In March 1943, Groves approved the construction of five	five	NUM	Alpha	NOUN	 Alpha
Undaunted was experimentally armed with a pair of 2 pounder anti aircraft guns, something most of her class lacked	lacked	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
In the book Lucky Lee uses famous quotes from films and literature - like " Wow! What a body	body	NOUN	!	PUNCT	!
Released as the third single from Swift's second studio album Fearless (2008), the track debuted at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
A piece of paper draped over the edge of the table is clearly visible in outline, despite having been	been	AUX	painted	VERB	 painted
Of 252 buried there, Charlton was the only African American. The controversy received national coverage when it was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Though it was not the first isometric 3D video game, Knight Lore popularised the format. When the isometric	isometric	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Supporters of a close relationship with molluscs maintained that a pair of bars, running across the mouth and armed	armed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The DVD version features full voice acting. A novelization based on the original Metal Gear Solid was written by	by	ADP	Raymond	PROPN	 Raymond
These structures were based on T. Lambourne's drawings of the house and grounds that had been discovered in 1983	1983	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
When none of his employees, except for Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson), help him, Michael feels	feels	VERB	under	ADP	 under
Under manager Steve Scarsone, Nashville finished their first season as an A's affiliate in third place with a	a	DET	66	NUM	 66
" In vain, the King urged Conservative leaders Arthur Balfour and Lord Lansdowne to pass the Budget, which	which	PRON	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Brodeur was awarded the Vezina Trophy as outstanding goaltender in the regular season for the first time in his career	career	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result, geothermal power has the potential to help mitigate global warming if widely deployed in place of	of	ADP	fossil	ADJ	 fossil
With ratings of 59 percent and 62 percent on the aggregator sites Game Rankings and Metacritic, respectively, the	the	DET	expansion	NOUN	 expansion
Author Bruce Spizer writes that " the eccentric producer's erratic attendance caused George to realize the project would never	never	ADV	get	AUX	 get
Rajinikanth and Shriya Saran play the lead roles, with Suman, Vivek and Raghuvaran playing other significant roles in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
When it opened, Vikingskipet was the largest indoor sports venue in the world, and has twice the spectator	spectator	NOUN	capacity	NOUN	 capacity
Among the first attractions were the enthusiastic descriptions and illustrations of the Indians, the exotic landscapes, the abundance	abundance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The son of sawmill labourer Henry John Smith and his wife Rose Smith (née Luckins), he was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
With his contract due to expire in the summer, it turned out to be his final game for Huddersfield	Huddersfield	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
Although assigned to the Home Fleet upon completion, the ship was attached to the Mediterranean Fleet in 1935 –	–	PUNCT	36	NUM	 36
The left half face (east face) is that of a moustached young man, displaying anger. This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The song takes on a decidedly gospel flair midway through, accentuated by " old fashioned church like hand clapping	clapping	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Forming a school for prisoners, the Abel Santamaría Ideological Academy, Castro organized five hours a day of teaching	teaching	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
S. Bhattacharji says that the Vedic goddess Nirrti's functions were inherited by Kali, Chamunda, Karali, and	and	CCONJ	Chhinnamasta	PROPN	 Chhinnamasta
Insurance corporations headquartered in Columbia include Shelter Insurance, and the Columbia Insurance Group. Other organizations include MFA Incorporated	Incorporated	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Watkin was an experienced railwayman and already on the board of several railway companies, including the South Eastern Railway	Railway	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The other two stories, those of David and Judith, were often linked in Renaissance art, particularly by	by	ADP	Florentine	PROPN	 Florentine
The first bombing, on 2 January against the Tirso Dam in Sardinia, was unsuccessful, but Ark Royal	Royal	PROPN	's	PART	's
John Ruskin foreshadowed the fate of the Temeraire's wood in an essay which claimed that " Perhaps, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
When Catherwood quit the series, Penny was killed whilst attempting to rescue a patient from a train crash.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
Murphy captured two before being shot in the hip by a sniper; he returned fire and shot the sniper	sniper	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
These attacks — as well as similar incidents that caused the Southern Poverty Law Center to declare in 2002 that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Prior to the 2010 restoration, the sides were unpainted, but the portals were painted red, while the	the	DET	gable	ADJ	 gable
The work is generally regarded as a major contribution towards the development of Czech music. It was composed during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
If prophylaxis is not used after these surgeries, symptomatic VTE has about a 4% chance of developing within	within	ADP	35	NUM	 35
In 393, Libanius mentioned that Eusebius promised him a speech written by Longinus for the king. In the	the	DET	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
Warfarin's long half life means that it remains effective for several days after it was stopped. Furthermore,	,	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
Locking looks similar to popping, and the two are frequently confused by the casual observer. In locking,	,	PUNCT	dancers	NOUN	 dancers
A large version of the famous photograph of Hines was accorded a prominent position in the Australian War Memorial's	's	PART	permanent	ADJ	 permanent
The music video ends with her rising from under the water, resting her head and smiling, suggesting the	the	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
Other exhibits include its collection of lorenzen ceramic mushrooms, its coral and shell collection, and its butterfly and	and	CCONJ	insect	VERB	 insect
Neversoft developed the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox versions, Canadian developer Beenox developed the Microsoft Windows version,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
On July 6, 1905, Tomita and Maeda gave a judo exhibition at the YMCA in Newport, Rhode	Rhode	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
Emperor Sher Shah widened and realigned the road to other routes, and provided approximately 1700 roadside inns through his	his	PRON	empire	NOUN	 empire
" He went on to say that Styles and Daniels " were great in the final minutes at conveying sheer	sheer	ADJ	exhaustion	NOUN	 exhaustion
The video was also choreographed and styled entirely by Spears, with clothing from Juicy Couture. Spears ultimately added	added	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
These discussions resulted in the formation of the Green Mountain Boys, with local militia companies in each of the	the	DET	surrounding	VERB	 surrounding
He was made a Companion of St Michael and St George in the 1918 New Year's list, and	and	CCONJ	received	VERB	 received
In 1826, Metcalfe served on a House committee that investigated allegations that Vice President John C. Calhoun had improperly	improperly	ADV	benefited	VERB	 benefited
Despite the talk of Lennon being working class — as were Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr —	—	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Optical effects were added to represent the firestorm and the sehlat. The CGI sehlat was based on one which	which	PRON	previously	ADV	 previously
Nowadays the Roman pound is often given as 327.45 g, but one should keep in mind that (apart	apart	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The station is currently the southern terminus of the Bakerloo line, running north via Lambeth North and Waterloo towards	towards	ADP	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
The first certainly known Bishop of Finland is Thomas, who is first mentioned in 1234. It is however	however	ADV	possible	ADJ	 possible
Occasionally, the hat was adorned with insignia of the wearer's preference, and may have been pinned up	up	ADP	for	ADP	 for
The main body of Texian soldiers, under Collinsworth, became disoriented in the dark and wandered from the road	road	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Swantopolk had to return lands seized from his brothers, allow Teutonic Knights to pass through his domains, stop	stop	VERB	charging	VERB	 charging
On 11 June 2010, Lima Superior Court Judge Juan Buendia ordered van der Sloot held on charges of first	first	ADJ	degree	NOUN	 degree
It was hoped that the sale would generate £5 M towards the museum. The proposed sale of the	the	DET	artwork	NOUN	 artwork
Morrison and The Miz (who were a tag team) turned on each other, and they faced each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
In 2008, Smith released a prequel to Crown Duel entitled A Stranger to Command, which follows the Marquis	Marquis	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Jerry Fraser of The Boston Globe was critical in his review of the book, and wrote that " a	a	DET	book	NOUN	 book
Evidence of later Roman and Celtic activity is confirmed by an ancient Roman road and Bronze Age archaeological relics found	found	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Tara Strong had even attended the convention Canterlot Gardens in a full Twilight Sparkle cosplay to surprise fans. Subsequent	Subsequent	ADJ	BronyCon	PROPN	 BronyCon
They believe women who touched anteater masks or men who stumbled while wearing them would die or receive some sort	sort	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The majority of the casualties suffered from that engagement alone, when the operation concluded on June 26, the	the	DET	1st	PROPN	 1st
With advent of North Indian traditions arriving with the Pallava and Kadamba dynasties, Murukan was infused with the aspects	aspects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Richard Li of 1UP.com noted that the inability to fail a song is both " a bane and a boon	boon	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Bede's correspondent on Kentish affairs was Albinus, abbot of the monastery of St. Peter and St. Paul (	(	PUNCT	subsequently	ADV	subsequently
In May 2013 the game's name was changed to Alien Rage, and two months later it was announced	announced	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Fox then starred in Casualties of War, a dark and violent war drama about the Vietnam War, alongside	alongside	ADP	Sean	PROPN	 Sean
Formed in 1845, it carried its first passengers the 39 miles (63 km) from Kittybrewster, in	in	ADP	Aberdeen	PROPN	 Aberdeen
Its center is located near the town of Chicxulub, after which the crater is named. The date of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The basidia (spore bearing cells) are four spored, hyaline (translucent), and measure 14 –	–	PUNCT	22	NUM	 22
By 1854, when it was incorporated, Crescent City had a population of 800 but no road leading inland	inland	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At a time when the service was either made underarm or, usually, at shoulder height, this was	was	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
In the Borders this was often reflected in a common surname. A shared surname has been seen as a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Cancellara rode as a stagiaire for the Mapei – Quick Step team in late 2000 before joining the team for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Agricultural export zones have been set up in the state for leechi, horticulture, herbs, medicinal plants,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" The songs reached an international audience through online blogs, message boards, and file sharing networks before they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
While the bee orchid showed adaptation for self fertilisation, its mechanism also enabled occasional cross fertilisation, creating the	the	DET	biological	ADJ	 biological
Nicolas Louis de Lacaille used the Greek letters Alpha through to Lambda to label the most prominent eleven stars in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
South of the Rowley Road diamond interchange, development is sparse, except in Bertram, southwest of the Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
She also performed the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on February 23, 2011. Fellow American singer Katy	Katy	PROPN	Perry	PROPN	 Perry
Antemoro ombiasy (astrologer sages) migrated throughout the island, where they practiced their arts for local communities,	,	PUNCT	served	VERB	 served
Midway through the series, she and Adam start a brief love affair, which ends in the penultimate episode	episode	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kiarostami was born in Tehran. His first artistic experience was painting, which he continued into his late teens	teens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It later became commonplace for the executioner to strangle the convict, and for the body to be burned post	post	NOUN	mortem	NOUN	 mortem
The " Hy. Edw. " designation appended to some butterfly species names indicates first description by Henry Edwards	Edwards	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
All three are yellow white giants of spectral type F7Ib / II, F8II, and F8Ib / II respectively	respectively	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The attack is to be made using a stolen British airliner, earlier hijacked over Iraqi airspace, and an	an	DET	ekranoplan	NOUN	 ekranoplan
After Rollins suffered a legitimate severe knee injury at a live event, the WWE World Heavyweight Championship was vacated	vacated	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
On moving to Stevenage, Westley said " I've enjoyed my time at Farnborough, but I feel that	that	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Maggie and Glenn decide to venture to the local pharmacy to find more supplies. Before he leaves, Lori	Lori	PROPN	asks	VERB	 asks
The antitoxin inhibits the toxin by downregulating its expression. The proteins are typically around 100 amino acids in length	length	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He started his term on December 20, 1849, but the court did not assemble until March 4,	,	PUNCT	1850	NUM	 1850
After Itata was able to slip away from San Diego, Charleston caught up with the ship at the Chilean	Chilean	ADJ	port	NOUN	 port
While on pilgrimage, Oda healed the nobleman's illness. Other stories, such as those by the 12th	12th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
" The series explored how Oliver coped with her death through a flashback episode. Henry, who plays Hanssen	Hanssen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Patterson overrode this direct order, citing his own powers as the lieutenant on the scene and hung up on	on	ADP	Martin	PROPN	 Martin
Cumming's service aboard the Duke of Wellington ended with his promotion to rear admiral on 27 February 1870.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Avellone remarked that many of the ideas in the game " could only have been communicated through text, simply	simply	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
He helped the club to the second best record in the regular season, before losing in the semifinals to	to	ADP	Modo	PROPN	 Modo
The game became part of the Player's Choice label in 2004. Toadstool Tour is a golf game incorporating	incorporating	VERB	characters	NOUN	 characters
" Red Dress " was also included on the set list for the Sugababes ' Change Tour in 2008.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The design proposed by Ştefan Dimitrie Grecianu was adopted. According to the laws of 1867 and 1872, the	the	DET	princely	ADV	 princely
Ten days previously he destroyed two enemy aircraft, one of which he had pursued for many miles out to	to	ADP	sea	NOUN	 sea
In the reverse fixture, at Napoli's Stadio San Paolo on 23 March 2014, Fiorentina were victorious as	as	SCONJ	Joaquín	PROPN	 Joaquín
There are also joint service provisions between the North Worcestershire districts including building control shared services, economic development and	and	CCONJ	regeneration	NOUN	 regeneration
They decided to wait until after the 1962 mid term elections to choose a favored candidate. Following the election	election	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pfeiffer then appeared as chic restauranteuse Jo Ann Vallenari in Tequila Sunrise (1988) opposite Mel Gibson and Kurt	Kurt	PROPN	Russell	PROPN	 Russell
, became interested in the books and bought the first novel in the series, Harry Potter and the Philosopher	Philosopher	PROPN	's	PART	's
Council member James Harter resigned on December 31, 2013, as he had moved outside of the town limits	limits	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Designed by Tetsuya Nomura, Barret was present in Final Fantasy VII from its early development. Initially, the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Meanwhile, George's health deteriorated. He developed dementia, and became completely blind and increasingly deaf. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
2013 marked the 66th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's debut and 5th straight season all uniformed players, coaches and	and	CCONJ	umpires	NOUN	 umpires
They employed every possible German cruelty against the Jews long before my book was published. " The Nazi propaganda	propaganda	NOUN	ministry	NOUN	 ministry
The impersonation goes too far when Homer is kidnapped by the mafia, who mistake him for the real clown	clown	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
However, as costs began to rise, to reach the intended capacity would have cost an extra £30,000	30,000	NUM	over	ADP	 over
According to the 2011 census, 74.8% of the population were described as White (65.3% White British	British	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The towns administration includes two tiers of power: a mayor and a city council. The city council is	is	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
The second single, " The Fight Song ", was also released in three versions. The first,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Scottish common law began to take shape at the end of the period, assimilating Gaelic and Celtic law with	with	ADP	practices	NOUN	 practices
She then blockaded the German ships inside the Dardanelles until the ship was ordered on 10 September to the South	South	PROPN	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Simon also wrote and performed demos for other artists, working for a while with Carole King and Gerry Goffin	Goffin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Wilson had a reputation as a " dour Scot " and he brooked no discussion during his course. William	William	PROPN	Hillcourt	PROPN	 Hillcourt
He was sent to Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, where he was instructed by William T. Whisner,	,	PUNCT	Jr.	PROPN	 Jr.
In November 2011, the ABU announced that they would organize their own TV and Radio Song Festivals to take	take	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
In the autumn of 1794, Schmitt organized the retreat of the main Imperial Army, now under the command	command	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mengele was buried in Embu das Artes under the name " Wolfgang Gerhard ", whose identification card he had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The type locality was in King County, Washington. It was previously identified as phylogenetic species Mel 10 in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The film thematizes brutal and irrational authority; Dr. Caligari represents the German war government, and Cesare is symbolic	symbolic	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The reworked 1996 Broadway production received mixed reviews. Vincent Canby of The New York Times disliked it: "	"	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
This would grant Stabæk Fotball the right to continue to lease the venue even if the holding company went bankrupt	bankrupt	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The new body will be known as the West Midlands Combined Authority and aims to be established in June 2016	2016	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Official reports from Guadeloupe indicated 14 dead, 40 injured, 1,000 homes destroyed and extensive damage to the island	island	NOUN	's	PART	's
There are four game modes. In single player, the player must hit targets around the arena before a	a	DET	timer	NOUN	 timer
By the 1920s most old buildings had been demolished or were in institutional use as traffic noise had driven away	away	ADP	residents	NOUN	 residents
In the second leg of the semi finals of the 2011 – 12 UEFA Champions League, against his former	former	ADJ	club	NOUN	 club
In the domestic arena, Mindaugas strove to establish state institutions: his own noble court, administrative systems,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Following the evacuation of its citizens on 13 January, the US government stated that it recognised that Zanzibar lay	lay	VERB	within	ADP	 within
In the United Kingdom, the song charted at number 23 the week of Jackson's death. The following	following	VERB	week	NOUN	 week
It first aired on Fox in the United States on January 31, 2010. In this episode, Homer	Homer	PROPN	wins	VERB	 wins
The crew made several ceilings from bleached muslin tiles. Stern lit the tiles from above to produce a soft	soft	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Liu's role was written for RZA's Shaolin teacher Shi Yan Ming, but Ming could not obtain permission	permission	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Reassigning the name Ficus maxima did not leave F. aurea as the oldest name for this species, as German	German	ADJ	naturalist	NOUN	 naturalist
Fender was removed from the school immediately; he still came top of the batting averages for 1910 but although	although	SCONJ	selected	VERB	 selected
Ark Royal carried out air patrols and bombing raids from 3 – 6 June, before redeploying to Narvik on	on	ADP	7	NUM	 7
At the end of the third quarter, Penn State led 14 – 10. In the fourth quarter,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Included in the album's liner notes is a quotation from the Bhagavad Gita: " There never was a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
" Ann Romney was an active participant in her husband's 2008 presidential campaign. One past issue that arose	arose	VERB	involving	VERB	 involving
Since Akshardham commenced construction activities in 2000, prior to the enactment of this amendment, it did not apply	apply	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Much of her fashion collection was lost when her home was burglarized in May 2009. Bilson's fashions	fashions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Frank Lampard scored a late equaliser for the visiting team meaning the match was replayed at Stamford Bridge. An	An	DET	own	ADJ	 own
Each beneficiary of power is parasitic upon certain kinds of organisations, and has certain key traits which uniquely put	put	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Withdrawals began in January 1961 and the whole class had disappeared from service by December 1962. On 11 May	May	PROPN	1941	NUM	 1941
Some instances of looting were later found out to have been carried out by a small number of NOPD officers	officers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The project was however not approved by the parliament. Żółkiewski's popularity waned in the latter years of his	his	PRON	career	NOUN	 career
Yugoslav forces withdrew a few weeks later, albeit under protest. The borders of Albania again became the cause	cause	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The failure of most of the governments to deal with the food crisis of the mid 1840s, caused by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite these reforms, recruiting for the militia proved difficult, and recruiting parties were often harassed and stoned,	,	PUNCT	leading	VERB	 leading
The fiction was unremarkable, but the cover art and illustrations, by Elliott Dold, were high quality,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The dispute held up other colonial business, and was ongoing in September 1729 when Burnet died; his death	death	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Especially with regard to Iran's nuclear program, it was also stressed that Japan and Germany, both technically	technically	ADV	capable	ADJ	 capable
The Army of Italy, commanded by Louis Joseph Schérer, had already advanced into northern Italy, to deal	deal	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The Buccaneers ' Williams was nearly ejected from the game after throwing Bears lineman Mike Hartenstine to the ground by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The tree is a Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), 25 metres (82 ft) tall, and	and	CCONJ	as	SCONJ	 as
Chaney gave the song a " C " and said that " something about this segment wasn ’ t as	as	ADV	dynamic	ADJ	 dynamic
He had four goals and six points in seven games for Canada, who won the bronze medal. He	He	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
When the service was confined to London, recipients were customarily householders who had met their financial obligations to society	society	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1979 HL & P said the plant was worth $238 million but DISD's board of equalization said	said	VERB	it	PRON	 it
It was built during World War II as part of the Manhattan Project. While Chicago Pile 1 demonstrated the	the	DET	feasibility	NOUN	 feasibility
During a game, the rules previously agreed upon are often broken by one or more players, leading to	to	ADP	unruliness	NOUN	 unruliness
' " Pearl Jam faced a relentless touring schedule for Ten. Drummer Dave Abbruzzese joined the band for Pearl	Pearl	PROPN	Jam	PROPN	 Jam
Since the construction of a bridge in 1944, the practice of transporting men and goods by coracles has greatly	greatly	ADV	diminished	VERB	 diminished
Sizeable amounts of these elements were produced only in 1958 (Burris B. Cunningham and Stanley G. Thomson),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In his first game pitching setup to Axford after losing his closer role, Hoffman stayed in the dugout to	to	PART	watch	VERB	 watch
She was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven in 1870 and completed in 1878; her long construction	construction	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
Bradley's election in 1895 had marked the first time in Kentucky's history that the Commonwealth had elected a	a	DET	Republican	ADJ	 Republican
The lung has become very large and extends almost the entire length of the body, although the rear portion	portion	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He would again withdraw from teaching in 1903 and not return to it till 1919. Weber's ordeal with	with	ADP	mental	ADJ	 mental
Summer and fall are generally dry, while intense short duration thunderstorms can occur in late spring and early summer	summer	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
The US Air Force maintained that Overton had been denied his medals due to " clerical omissions. " The	The	DET	Air	PROPN	 Air
Spotnitz also noted that the episode offered the writers the opportunity to " set the counter back " for the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Omaha was bounded at either end by large rocky cliffs. The crescent shaped beach presented a gently sloping tidal	tidal	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
The main guitar passage was also sampled by Japanese hip hop act Dragon Ash in its song " Grateful Days	Days	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Atkinson, the female participant, noted Beyoncé's intense use of creamsicle, adding that the scent holds strong	strong	ADJ	enough	ADV	 enough
The committee's final report, which McCain endorsed, stated that, " While the Committee has some evidence	evidence	NOUN	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
It had not been clear to other designers just what Wright and Chapman had done with the Type 78,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
After her attack, her mind might be changed. " " Secrets " attracted criticism from political commentators for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Ronald Reagan even quoted the film in his 1986 State of the Union Address. In 2007, the Library	Library	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
One of the common uses for the token was for streetcar fare. The Third Avenue Railroad company of New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
A small crew did go to Venice to take wide shots of the buildings that bordered the water but did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Significant pests include the cottony cushion scale, a pest of citrus fruit trees, the green peach aphid and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Conditions later improved so that both aircraft were able to fly to Le Bourget, where G EAJL was dismantled	dismantled	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Since 1640, Portugal had been fighting a war against Spain to restore its independence after a dynastic union of	of	ADP	sixty	ADJ	 sixty
According to TrekNation, Enterprise's final episode attracted 3.8 million viewers, an increase of 69% over the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
The Simpsons attend a soccer match between Mexico and Portugal. When the game starts, the crowd begins to	to	PART	lose	VERB	 lose
The film that was commissioned instead ended up being Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. In February 2005	2005	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Boat Race is an annual side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	along	ADP	 along
Many Fat Freddy ’ s Drop members still played with other Wellington bands while recording Based on a True Story	Story	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 1912 and 1913 Prom seasons are singled out by Cox as among the finest of this part of Wood	Wood	PROPN	's	PART	's
He finished the loan spell in March, after making 10 appearances and scoring 3 goals, after which he	he	PRON	joined	VERB	 joined
" Beck wrote that The Legend of Korra used magic to illustrate " the growing pains of a modernizing world	world	NOUN	seeing	VERB	 seeing
The Andalusian astronomer Avempace (d 1138) proposed the Milky Way to be made up of many stars but	but	CCONJ	appears	VERB	 appears
Traditionally, several scholars, such as Karl Hopf and Antoine Bon, have furthermore identified a certain Theodore,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Bart Weiss finally broke through the Tech defense for a 12 yard gain and the Falcons ' final touchdown of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Building on the extensive earlier work of Alphonse de Candolle, Nikolai Vavilov (1887 – 1943) produced accounts	accounts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the evening draw, Team North America regained the lead from Team World, winning two games and splitting	splitting	VERB	one	NUM	 one
I do not intend this list to be exhaustive. But if it decides a question remitted to it for	for	ADP	decision	NOUN	 decision
It was Baghdad, seat of the Caliphate, however, that exercised cultural and political hegemony over the Ayyubid	Ayyubid	ADJ	territories	NOUN	 territories
Cleaning works by the regional government have been criticised by environmental organisations who claim that the ecology has been damaged	damaged	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
A single QF 3 inch (76 mm) AA gun on a high angle Mark II mount was added	added	VERB	in	ADP	 in
N Acetylcysteine has shown promise in combination with other therapies. Animal studies indicate the amatoxins deplete hepatic glutathione;	;	PUNCT	N	PROPN	 N
So much so, in fact, that on the rare occasions he missed a match his absence was felt	felt	VERB	deeply	ADV	 deeply
Up to about six eggs are laid and are incubated by the female for twenty nine days. The eggs	eggs	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Egan has been part of many bands from a young age, and spent his youth experimenting with four track	track	NOUN	tape	NOUN	 tape
In 2000 the entire DL module series was reprinted exactly as the originals but in a smaller size. This	This	DET	printing	NOUN	 printing
In October 2005, South Park: Complete Series 1 was released in Australia and with a 15 rating in	in	ADP	region	NOUN	 region
Pepys went again on the river in the early evening with his wife and some friends, " and to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the war, the battalion lost 1,194 men killed and 2,187 wounded. Members of the battalion received the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Park had broken up the top level escort. Some 23 Hurricanes of Nos. 253 and 501 Squadrons arrived	arrived	VERB	at	ADP	 at
He was also a Member of Parliament for a long time, being elected for the first time in parliamentary	parliamentary	ADJ	election	NOUN	 election
Some wind farms have become tourist attractions. The Whitelee Wind Farm Visitor Centre has an exhibition room, a	a	DET	learning	VERB	 learning
The original 1921 interior decoration of the auditorium included fourteen large romantic French themed murals surrounding the proscenium by Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	artist	NOUN	 artist
Large scale construction began in 1978 on a site 100 m (330 ft) from the Immorod fishing fields	fields	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She struggled for runs in the series against the touring South Africans in 2000, aggregating 68 runs from five	five	NUM	innings	NOUN	 innings
These hyphae are dextrinoid, meaning they will turn reddish to reddish brown in the presence of Melzer's reagent	reagent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The win secured England a place in the final, irrespective of the result in their final match against Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the latter, 11 deaths were reported as two rivers had overflowed their banks while in the former,	,	PUNCT	five	NUM	 five
He initially attended Whitchurch Highlands Public School and then Huron Heights Secondary School. Curtis grew up playing hockey for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Women were also known to occasionally sit on juries in Plymouth, a remarkable circumstance in seventeenth century legal practice	practice	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Red foxes prefer to dig their burrows on well drained soils. Dens built among tree roots can last for	for	ADP	decades	NOUN	 decades
He is the 11th priest from the archdiocese to be so designated since its creation in 1958. On April	April	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
Kylie is characterised through her " full on personality " and has a feisty attitude. She has often been	been	AUX	described	VERB	 described
In the German Revolution (November 1918), Emperor Wilhelm II and all German ruling princes abdicated their positions	positions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Accompanying Edgeworth to Ireland as Dick's tutor, Day fell in love and was spurned first by Edgeworth's	's	PART	sister	NOUN	 sister
According to the actor, when he took on the show, he had made it clear that he would	would	AUX	continue	VERB	 continue
By the first century, the Jewish community in Babylonia, to which Jews migrated after the Babylonian conquest as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The English and Scottish parliaments were replaced by a combined Parliament of Great Britain, but it sat in Westminster	Westminster	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She displaced 29,779 long tons (30,257 t) as designed and up to 34,253 long tons (34,803 t	t	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
When he led an attack, Sitting Bull was shot in the left hip by a soldier. The bullet	bullet	NOUN	exited	VERB	 exited
Kinkaid deployed all available Seventh Fleet vessels in the Surigao Strait under Oldendorf facing Nishimura and Shima. In the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
Development plans from six teams of developers and architects were submitted to the city in October 2001. These plans	plans	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
He scored his first World Cup qualification goals in victories over the Faroe Islands and Austria in October 2009.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
After approval, the king may ratify and issue the act or return it within six months to the National	National	PROPN	Assembly	PROPN	 Assembly
It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new	new	ADJ	pilots	NOUN	 pilots
Crates in the environment contain extra weapons, ammo, and other powerups. Players can level up and complete	complete	ADJ	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
Japanese market In November 2012, Nissan announced the specifications of the updated 2013 model Leaf destined for the Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	market	NOUN	 market
HBO was initially doubtful about including a police drama in its lineup but eventually agreed to produce the pilot episode	episode	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Tetragrammaton's advance of $250,000 had been used to book two weeks in the studio, a time which	which	PRON	covered	VERB	 covered
They also made Premier League history by becoming the first team to beat United from a two goal deficit since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Originally intended to serve a two year mission, a mission extension through 2012 was approved in October 2009.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Nissan explained that these changes reflect customer preferences in the US based on actual orders of the 2011 model in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Under the player's control, the characters proceed across a purple landscape that represents Funkotron, and are greeted	greeted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At the time of veraison, when the grapes first start to fully ripen, there is the equivalent pyrazine	pyrazine	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
She has criticised the Brit Awards for ostensibly being too corporate focussed, and has called for a new ceremony	ceremony	NOUN	ideologically	ADV	 ideologically
" The tenth song, " 6 ' 10 " ", is an alt country ballad that was written	written	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Mantises were considered to have supernatural powers by early civilizations, including Ancient Greece, Ancient Egypt, and Assyria	Assyria	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In high school, students may choose to take courses in instrumentation or singing, and may be exposed to	to	ADP	music	NOUN	 music
Fears of a potential Catholic monarch persisted, intensified by the failure of Charles II and his wife to produce	produce	VERB	any	DET	 any
In response to the earthquake's occurrence, the Federal District announced the installation of 50,000 seismic alarms in local	local	ADJ	schools	NOUN	 schools
He was also a member of the Athenaeum Club. At the time of his death, Shah's books	books	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
War was declared on 8 June 1529. Zurich was able to raise an army of 30,000 men. The	The	DET	Five	PROPN	 Five
It was my choice to work on the live Cirque show and to get that where I wanted it to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The Undercover Brothers ended in 2012 and was replaced in 2013 by The Hardy Boys Adventures, also narrated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was commissioned into service that same month and was assigned to the 4th Light Cruiser Squadron of the Grand	Grand	PROPN	Fleet	PROPN	 Fleet
Faust believes that her future animated shows aimed at girls will be easier to sell considering the male adult fandom	fandom	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 2007 USC Trojans entered the season picked as the unanimous No. 1 team, with expectations of playing	playing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This soundtrack was assembled by DJ and producer High Contrast. Music with a fast rhythm of 120 bpm was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Over them drones, day after day, the obscene shape of the atom bomber, laying a trail like	like	ADP	a	DET	 a
Schmid spent 19 seasons as the head coach at UCLA, accumulating a record of 322 – 63 – 33	33	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Tecumseh then traveled to the south on a mission to recruit allies among the " Five Civilized Tribes ".	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
Sarita and Wilde won the second encounter over Kong and Saeed. The finals for the tournament were then set	set	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Borglum, Venable, and Randolph backed different KKK members for national leadership. Both Borglum and the Association accused	accused	VERB	each	DET	 each
A tornado was also spawned in the area, damaging three homes. In Florida, the storm brought heavy	heavy	ADJ	rainfall	NOUN	 rainfall
" Because of the fact she does not pursue a romantic interest in Batman, " Batgirl is a female	female	ADJ	Batman	PROPN	 Batman
Flight testing continued in October in Novosibirsk, to where the LII (Russian: Лётно исследовательский институт — Flight	Flight	PROPN	Research	PROPN	 Research
The planet orbits approximately 0.135 astronomical units from its primary star, as compared to Earth's orbit at approximately	approximately	ADV	one	NUM	 one
Violet decides to use the other functioning Combot to complete the tests. After Combot completes five tests, Violet	Violet	PROPN	kidnaps	PROPN	 kidnaps
Given little instruction from the studio, screenwriter Deborah Moggach spent over two years adapting Pride and Prejudice for film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Egypt sent a battalion of Special Forces (Saaqah) on a mission to act as personal guards for Sallal	Sallal	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Marshall also hoped to include the song " Into the Light " by the Banshees, but it was left	left	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The team adapted the engine to allow Manny's head to move separately from his body to make the player	player	NOUN	aware	ADJ	 aware
Roots music, including rhythm and blues, began to enjoy another resurgence of interest towards the end of the	the	DET	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
L. magnicristatus (C.M. Sternberg, 1935) is only definitely known from two specimens, both with skulls.	.	PUNCT	Unfortunately	ADV	 Unfortunately
" In January 1962, Saban was named the coach of the Buffalo Bills, another AFL team, signing	signing	VERB	a	DET	 a
By 1884, they had completed a new synagogue building there, at a cost of $39,130 (today	today	NOUN	$	SYM	 $
However, neither Robinson nor Rodman, who had disrupted a playoff game against the Lakers by sitting down on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Depp initially forgot to have them removed after shooting The Curse of the Black Pearl, and wore them throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Saldana's mother was a Star Trek fan and sent her voice mails during filming, giving advice on the	the	DET	part	NOUN	 part
The portion of DE 16 west of DE 1 serves as part of a route connecting the Chesapeake Bay Bridge	Bridge	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The cases assigned by each preposition are based on the physical (or metaphorical) direction, or location,	,	PUNCT	conveyed	VERB	 conveyed
Her 27 crew were unharmed but required rescue by a military helicopter. The ship was subsequently deemed a total	total	ADJ	loss	NOUN	 loss
Research by biologists and veterinarians at Colorado State University, the University of Kentucky, and other colleges found that	that	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Catherine herself had been educated in astrology and astronomy. Though these were largely considered respectable subjects, Catherine's	's	PART	biographer	NOUN	 biographer
Chapter 14 Round 2 Setting out at 5 a.m., they attempt to climb the East ridge. It becomes	becomes	VERB	very	ADV	 very
The first priority of Raúl Alfonsín was to consolidate democracy, incorporate the armed forces into their standard role in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the stadium, a television crew is conducting interviews. It is revealed that coach Taylor, who has	has	AUX	recently	ADV	 recently
She led the 1st Destroyer Flotilla from completion until the ship was transferred to the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla in mid	mid	ADJ	1912	NUM	 1912
The mantis thorax consists of a prothorax, a mesothorax, and a metathorax. In all species apart from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
They have bought sixteen candles, but Meg overreacts when telling them that she is turning seventeen years old,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As of 2012, Columbia's library system includes over 11.9 million volumes, making it the eighth largest library	library	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Strings were later added by Sean O'Hagan. Rhys has stated that renting their own studio in Cardiff has given	given	VERB	the	DET	 the
It had been originally unearthed in 1993 in northwestern South Dakota. The authors had found the internal detail through	through	ADP	computed	VERB	 computed
Abroad in the Netherlands, the Great Fire of London was seen as a divine retribution for Holmes's Bonfire	Bonfire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
", " What sex is the half man half woman? ", and " Can a full grown	grown	ADJ	woman	NOUN	 woman
The film now most commonly cited as the first " true " film noir is Stranger on the Third Floor	Floor	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Known as the Oruktor Amphibolos, it was the first automobile in the country and the world's first amphibious	amphibious	ADJ	vehicle	NOUN	 vehicle
Serious damage is rare, as the fights are usually short in duration, with the loser running away with	with	ADP	little	ADJ	 little
The sets included brief audio commentaries from various crew and cast members for several episode's, the webisodes entitled	entitled	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Dr. Wily grows disloyal of his partner and reprograms these six robots to aid himself in taking control of the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Polygamous breeding systems arise when females are able to raise broods without the help of males. Some species may	may	AUX	use	VERB	 use
Progressives welcomed these new international organizations and regimes in the aftermath of the two World Wars, but argued that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
One tells how he aided Zanclus, the founder of Zancle (the former name for Messina), by	by	ADP	building	VERB	 building
William Mzisi, a Fengu from the Cape, who had been to the diamond fields at Kimberley, pointed	pointed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Some Christian saints are considered patrons of shepherds, and even of sheep themselves. Christ is also portrayed as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1979, Discotheque interpolated the song on " Intro Disco ". In 1987, MC Miker G of	of	ADP	MC	PROPN	 MC
Late in the same year, he was ordered to sea duty as Commanding Officer of the Marine Detachment on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 1815 census showed the territory had a population exceeding 63,000, more than the minimum requirement for statehood under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
Attendance levels at Andover's matches reached a peak in the late 1960s. During the 1969 – 70 season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The fifty move rule was also added. At various times, the number of moves required was different,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
As Constitution herself was still in commission, the name was unavailable for a new ship. Merrick & Sons	Sons	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 2009, an exhibition of Dunham's Javanese batik textile collection (A Lady Found a Culture in its	its	PRON	Cloth	PROPN	 Cloth
A campaign was launched that, over the following 13 years, raised funds and made plans for the new	new	ADJ	facility	NOUN	 facility
Much later transports of warships across the Isthmus in the late 9th century and around 1150 are assumed to have	have	AUX	used	VERB	 used
He often raised the possibility of her moving into Graceland, saying that he was likely to leave Priscilla.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The evaluation of how effective a team is, is achieved with the aid of a variety of components derived	derived	VERB	from	ADP	 from
They wrote that the American humor was too mature and that the gameplay was too immature, as if for	for	ADP	beginners	NOUN	 beginners
Brian Roberts, writing for the Daily Mirror, claimed that Wonderland was " tipped to go head to head	head	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
They rolled quickly with a metacentric height of 4.2 feet (1.3 m) at deep load and their six	six	NUM	inch	NOUN	 inch
" Along with the looping music, the lyrics are simple and obtuse in nature, which McCormick believed was	was	AUX	done	VERB	 done
Born on 12 June 1884 at Ingatestone, Essex, Petre (pronounced " Peter ") was the son	son	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His father, a cotton merchant and cricket enthusiast, served as honorary treasurer to the Lancashire team from 1881	1881	NUM	until	ADP	 until
No potentially curative treatment exists except surgery, but most people have advanced stage disease at presentation and are inoperable	inoperable	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
Tintin has become a symbol of Belgium and so was used in a variety of visual responses to the 2016	2016	NUM	Brussels	PROPN	 Brussels
Carter's son Matthew would later describe his research as helping to demonstrate " that the finest collection of printing	printing	VERB	types	NOUN	 types
Eadbald's reduced power is apparent in his inability to restore Mellitus to the see of London: in Bede	Bede	PROPN	's	PART	's
A direct sequel for the Wii, Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn, was released in 2007 in North America	America	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was admitted to hospital for tests and monitoring. Doctors say that Scaramella was exposed to a much lower	lower	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
Following introductions, Tomita demonstrated falls and throws, then Maeda threw the university's wrestling instructor. According to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Johansson appeared in the 2008 music video for The Black Eyed Peas front man will.i.am's song, " Yes	Yes	INTJ	We	PRON	 We
While Agesilaus was in camp preparing to sell off his spoils, the Athenian general Iphicrates, with a force	force	NOUN	composed	VERB	 composed
They bend bamboo shoots horizontally in order to walk on them and eat from higher branches. Pudús are solitary	solitary	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
He scored his first points on January 4, 2012 against the New Jersey Nets. He got significant minutes	minutes	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He abandoned the race with hopes of recovering in time for the Giro d'Italia. Vinokourov had a successful Critérium	Critérium	PROPN	du	PROPN	 du
She and Ernst shared custody of Elisabeth, who spent six months of each year with each parent. Elisabeth	Elisabeth	PROPN	blamed	VERB	 blamed
Not good during the summer because it's sunshine all the time, 24 hours a day. " Apart	Apart	ADV	from	ADP	 from
" In an interview with Los Angeles Times, director Todd Graff admitted there were cultural incongruities underlying the film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Shine " is a reggae pop and ska song that lasts three minutes and twenty four seconds. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
All Black campaigns in The Rugby World Cup were halted by defeats to France in 1999 and 2007, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Early on October 31, Beta weakened to a tropical depression and dissipated a few hours later over the mountains	mountains	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Croatian section of the highway later became the A3 motorway. After the breakup of Yugoslavia, construction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next day, November 28, 2004, ERT's Eurovision spokeswoman Daphne Bokota stated that Despina Vandi and	and	CCONJ	ERT	PROPN	 ERT
His skin is " too white ", a consequence of spending most of his time in his armor.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She was reduced to reserve the following year and sold in 1896. Suffren was placed into reserve after she	she	PRON	completed	VERB	 completed
McCay left Hearst upon the expiration of his contract in May 1924, bitter over not having received a promised	promised	VERB	$	SYM	 $
The executor of the estate was Silas Deane who assisted Mrs. Webb financially and emotionally. Deane later married Mrs.	Mrs.	PROPN	Webb	PROPN	 Webb
He signed a three year contract worth $10 million with San Jose. Suter played only one game for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
A staff member from Idolator stated that: " In a parallel universe, we could definitely hear Gaga herself	herself	PRON	singing	VERB	 singing
New influences, including those of jazz and blues after his first visit to America in 1965, became increasingly	increasingly	ADV	evident	ADJ	 evident
Therrien named Jordan Staal and Matt Cooke December's alternate captains. " I think it's important for our	our	PRON	young	ADJ	 young
Also, on the same album, is Blackbird, where the tweeting birds are actually tape loops. The	The	DET	opening	VERB	 opening
After finishing the season with 13 points in 12 games with San Jose, Selänne led the Sharks with 29	29	NUM	goals	NOUN	 goals
On 1 December 2003, Bonhams held an auction of British Airways Concorde artefacts, including a nose cone,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
In 1239 Neville may have been offered the custody of the Great Seal, which he refused. In May	May	PROPN	1242	NUM	 1242
Original estimates predicted a daily ridership of 180,000 after launch, growing to 400,000 by 2036. In view of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
A quick passing move from United followed, culminating with a through ball to Park in the inside right channel	channel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As the hurricane passed about 50 mi (80 km) north of the Lesser Antilles, the outer rainbands	rainbands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Stevens played 22 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Washington Capitals, St. Louis Blues	Blues	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Menkauhor sent an expedition to Sinai to exploit the mines of turquoise and copper in the Wadi Maghareh. The	The	DET	expedition	NOUN	 expedition
Lindwall returned and bowled Evans for eight. Evans appeared to not detect Lindwall's yorker in the fading light	light	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Much of the game takes place in an unnamed world inspired by heavy metal music, created by, according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" One scene with which Manners was extremely pleased was the shot wherein Susanne Modeski breaks into the Lone Gunmen	Gunmen	PROPN	's	PART	's
In the 1580s and 1590s James VI promoted the literature of the country of his birth. His treatise,	,	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Known for his quick intellect, he also endeared himself to his subordinates through small eccentricities such as his fondness	fondness	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The album completed within a three month period, whereas Milian's previous albums would take six months to a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
" The sunrise also delighted the critics. Giselle was performed in Paris from its debut in 1841 to 1849	1849	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Montgomery section consisted of 2 miles (3.2 km) from the village of Walden to the town line	line	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Since it was six months past the statute of limitations, the suit was thrown out. In a 1991	1991	NUM	interview	NOUN	 interview
The central figures in the production and development of the Metroid series are Yoshio Sakamoto, who has directed or	or	CCONJ	supervised	VERB	 supervised
Forward T.J. Syner was recalled from the ECHL's Reading Royals and made his Hershey debut in that game.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
There were six deaths in the country and an additional two deaths in neighboring Panama. Upon affecting Jamaica,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The squaw mountain had hid herself in a cave during the battle and because they could no longer find her	her	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
He was a second round selection of the Calgary Flames, 40th overall, in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft	Draft	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At this time, there were still members of the Byzantine court who remembered the passage of the First Crusade	Crusade	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Shortly afterward Lion lost her remaining dynamo to the rising water which knocked out all remaining light and power.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In order to make the film more commercial, it was ultimately decided that the film's lead would be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
The commission began its work on 7 June 1676 and finished in October 1677, without passing any sentences.	.	PUNCT	Admiral	ADJ	 Admiral
" This interpretation of events was endorsed at the time by Alvin Graves, who stood closest to Slotin when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In Germany, an edition of Alice's letters was published in 1883, by a Darmstadt clergyman called Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Carl	PROPN	 Carl
Of 667 men in 3rd Battalion, over 60 percent became casualties, including the battalion commander, Lieutenant Colonel	Colonel	PROPN	Carl	PROPN	 Carl
However, by late September the Hornets finalized a move to Oklahoma City, where 35 games would be played	played	VERB	at	ADP	 at
He also befriended Venezuelan military leader and former president José Antonio Páez in his final days. Betances stayed in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
A large portion of the station's mosaics depict the various Grand Princes of Kievan Rus ', of which	which	PRON	27	NUM	 27
When they escape, Milhouse gathers all the students and they attempt to leave. When they reach the sea	sea	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both the music video and the international radio single remain " If U Seek Amy ". According to Nielsen	Nielsen	PROPN	SoundScan	PROPN	 SoundScan
The Hall, the Drawing Room, Lord Bute's Bedroom and Lady Bute's Bedroom form a suite of	of	ADP	rooms	NOUN	 rooms
He later recalled working on the album as a way of helping Barrett in any way possible. In 1974	1974	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In late 1993 he accused 70 senior government officials, including the Supreme Soviet chairman Stanislav Shushkevich and prime minister	minister	NOUN	Vyacheslav	PROPN	 Vyacheslav
The 501st moved about 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) into Croatian territory, to Ličko Petrovo Selo and Plitvice	Plitvice	PROPN	Lakes	PROPN	 Lakes
At Cyber Sunday, Michaels was voted by the fans to face Orton for the WWE Championship; though he	he	PRON	won	VERB	 won
U 156 together with U 68 under the command of Karl Friedrich Merten departed from Lorient on 20 August 1942	1942	NUM	heading	NOUN	 heading
According to annual average daily traffic counts compiled in 2011 by NYSDOT, the most traveled stretch of the Sagtikos	Sagtikos	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
The second corner added deals with submissions by listeners describing a new fictional character, and Hinoue takes these submissions	submissions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The dam's reservoir rose nearly 3 m (9.8 ft) in 24 hours and reduced the outflow to	to	ADP	40,000	NUM	 40,000
Historians slightly differ on overall casualties during the campaign, with the lowest losses totaling 225,606 and the highest at	at	ADP	226,386	NUM	 226,386
Within a gene, the sequence of bases along a DNA strand defines a messenger RNA sequence, which then	then	ADV	defines	VERB	 defines
Some 3,300 taxis are also licensed to operate in Cluj Napoca. CTP, the local public transport company,	,	PUNCT	runs	VERB	 runs
The new tracks started to sound very different than the tracks I originally intended to be on Relapse 2,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
As with the traditional polonaise, Chopin's works are in triple time and typically display a martial rhythm in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
This right shall include freedom to have or to adopt a religion or belief of his choice, and freedom	freedom	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, before the Mongols could continue their advance towards Egypt, they needed to withdraw because of the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Jocelin was one of the bishops in August 1214 who refused to pay a scutage to the king. In	In	ADP	1215	NUM	 1215
Russell said, " Nobody that I worked with in the last four years at Hawthorn did that much in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In 1892 a dispute arose between Houlding and the Everton board of directors, over the club's tenancy of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Chantal Jenoure of The Jamaica Observer complimented the dancehall and hip hop composition on several of the songs,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
However, this and eight other species described by Labillardière do not occur in any locations that he visited,	,	PUNCT	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
Their campaign included plans for newspaper serialisations, book deliveries by horse and carriage, and the placement of "	"	PUNCT	themed	VERB	 themed
" " Randor Guy wrote, " Sridhar proved that movies could be made with new faces, limited sets	sets	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Oblivion was the first RPG title to be released for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console. In addition to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1898, the British built a settlement which later grew rapidly when the BNBC sponsored the migration of Chinese	Chinese	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
He was posted to the Hinemoa, another NZGSS steamer, as chief officer. In June 1900, Worsley	Worsley	PROPN	sat	VERB	 sat
Dimmitt welcomed Viesca but refused to recognize his authority as governor. This caused an uproar in the garrison;	;	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
" Entertainment Weekly gave an ' A ', stating that even non science fiction and fantasy fans can like	like	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On December 12, 2004, Sony released its first handheld, PlayStation Portable. The PlayStation Portable was marketed	marketed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
A week later they returned to Wembley for the play off final, where they beat Luton Town 2 –	–	PUNCT	1	NUM	 1
Prime Minister Najib Razak stated that the Act would be abolished and replaced by new laws to safeguard peace and	and	CCONJ	order	NOUN	 order
In the holotype from Colombia, an old male, total length is 240 mm (9.4 in);	;	PUNCT	tail	NOUN	 tail
In the years between his return from Paris in 1908 and the outbreak of the First World War in 1914	1914	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Publishing articles in both Romanian and French, Curierul Românesc had, starting in 1836, its own literary supplement	supplement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Consequently, the College elected Giuseppe Sarto as Pope Pius X, who issued the papal bull Commissum nobis six	six	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
: 572 – 573 Females of many spider species, including P. labiata,: 33: 517 emit volatile	volatile	ADJ	pheromones	NOUN	 pheromones
In late 2010 and 2011, Chris Brown popularized the Cat Daddy dance after performing it in the official video	video	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was then assigned the job of Minor League Field Coordinator, and served in that role from 2003 through	through	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
Though Adams completed the story, the series was canceled before his story was published, and Adams returned to	to	ADP	submitting	VERB	 submitting
In 1809, John Dickinson purchased Apsley Mills in Hemel Hempstead for his newly patented paper making machine. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
I've become a better actor just for working with her. " He commented on his character on Melrose	Melrose	PROPN	Place	PROPN	 Place
Spanning the 8th and 7th centuries BCE, they list the names of Qedarite kings who revolted and were defeated	defeated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
By a vote of six to four, the new Board of Control charged with the governance of the consolidated	consolidated	ADJ	institutions	NOUN	 institutions
The series of compounds NpM2 (PO4) 3, where M is an alkali metal (Li, Na	Na	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
' X ' turret could only control ' Y ' turret. There were four American Mark 37 DCTs for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shona sculpture in has survived through the ages and the modern style is a fusion of African folklore with European	European	ADJ	influences	NOUN	 influences
It was part of the wider European Romantic movement, which was partly a reaction against the Age of Enlightenment	Enlightenment	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Weaver arrived at a railroad station in the territory in March with an eye toward relocating there. The would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Breeding became very selective, only allowing stallions that had proved themselves at the Riding School to stand at stud	stud	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She is therefore unwilling to continue her father's acceptance of the curse. When Yamaki takes Toya san to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The attack was launched in the morning of 8 September. The 7th and the 4th Guards Brigades spearheaded the	the	DET	attack	NOUN	 attack
The pressures and hardships of the previous months were beginning to tell on the men, many of whom were	were	AUX	in	ADP	 in
It's an unbelievable terror, a kind of masochistic madness. The older you get, the easier it	it	PRON	should	AUX	 should
There are a number of myths and legends associated with the origin of the name Delhi. One of them	them	PRON	is	AUX	 is
For his part in the campaign, Kesselring was awarded the Knight's Cross with oak leaves, swords and	and	CCONJ	diamonds	NOUN	 diamonds
The ice was to be procured from the glacier Svartisen, and a glaciologist was brought along to give advice	advice	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 7, 1995. After watching Snake	Snake	PROPN	Jailbird	PROPN	 Jailbird
He made his first century break (117) at the age of 10, completed his first total clearance	clearance	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The company had a major division, BooseyMedia, that commissioned and produced music for radio, television and advertising	advertising	NOUN	jingles	NOUN	 jingles
These conventions provide a place for fans to meet, exchange ideas, transact business and engage in entertainment and	and	CCONJ	recreation	NOUN	 recreation
She discussed her faith at 2014 United Methodist Women church rally at the Kentucky International Convention Center in Louisville,	,	PUNCT	Kentucky	PROPN	 Kentucky
Always known as an excellent defender, but mediocre hitter, he was finally able to improve at the plate	plate	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some extragalactic water masers occur in star forming regions, like galactic water masers, while stronger water masers are	are	AUX	found	VERB	 found
This is in contrast to the band's more successful previous effort which shifted 260,000 copies in its opening week	week	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Waves damaged wharves and capsized several vessels in the harbor. Some areas on the south side of the island	island	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
There was a menagerie within the building, containing Nubian lions, Russian wolves (which had eight cubs in	in	ADP	1914	NUM	 1914
It breeds throughout most of North America, from western Alaska and northern Canada to as far south as Panama	Panama	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Exorcist director William Friedkin was so angry about the poster that, upon seeing it on an associate's wall	wall	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the Battle of the Bulge, however, the fuses became known as the American artillery's " Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	present	NOUN	 present
After Jacobs decided that Evans would no longer play Pam, he began searching for another actress to play the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
Later decrees indicated that the common army was a levy of all able bodied freemen aged between 16 and 60	60	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The episode is a parody of the Cloverfield, with the monster replaced by giant guinea pigs. In Sam	Sam	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Filming commenced on August 2009, and concluded by the end of the same year. It was filmed on	on	ADP	location	NOUN	 location
Over time, selective breeding of the English White for size and colour gradually led to the development of the	the	DET	Aylesbury	PROPN	 Aylesbury
Frusciante's punk inspiration came from listening to music by The Damned and Discharge, among others. Rick Rubin	Rubin	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
CNN later reported that Madonna's representatives were not aware that the singer, or her team, had sent	sent	VERB	Gaga	PROPN	 Gaga
On the 31st lap, Diniz made contact with the barriers at turn one and he damaged his left rear	rear	ADJ	wheel	NOUN	 wheel
This miniature model had an electric motor and was used to show the Tumbler flying across ravines and between buildings	buildings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During spring training in 2001, Mark McGwire told Cardinals manager Tony La Russa that if he did not put	put	VERB	Pujols	PROPN	 Pujols
The manga was originally serialized in Nakayoshi from May 1996 to June 2000, and published in 12 tankōbon volumes	volumes	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The common Welsh Mountain sheep are hardy and thrive in the cold and wet conditions of the Welsh highlands.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
For instance in a randomized incremental algorithm for Delaunay triangulation, the triangulation changes by replacing one triangle by three	three	NUM	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
Swift chose to play them " White Horse " live with an acoustic guitar. Beers and Rhimes were very	very	ADV	impressed	ADJ	 impressed
Watson's hotel was designed by the civil engineer Rowland Mason Ordish, who was also associated with the St	St	PROPN	Pancras	PROPN	 Pancras
Ralphie III was initially transported in the same modified steel, brown 4 horse trailer that carried Ralphie I and	and	CCONJ	II	PROPN	 II
López's career save total was the highest among Mexican pitchers in MLB until Joakim Soria surpassed the mark in	in	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
A thin stone curtain wall, approximately 8 metres (26 ft) tall with battlements, replaced the palisades	palisades	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the attack, Reid did patrol duty in the Hawaiian waters, and later escorted convoys to San Francisco	Francisco	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An armored deck 95 mm (3.7 in) thick protected the ship's vitals from shells that passed over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
These planned towns were or became English in culture and language; William of Newburgh wrote in the reign of	of	ADP	King	PROPN	 King
From 1944 to 1962 he was Commodore of the Royal Fowey Yacht Club; on stepping down in 1962,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
They alerted the crews aboard Jaime I and other ships, who mutinied against their rebellious officers and ensured the	the	DET	ships	NOUN	 ships
He advocated spending reductions, a twenty percent reserve requirement for banks to keep available as capital, and incentives	incentives	VERB	to	PART	 to
She also sent a first French mission to Suleiman the Magnificent requesting assistance, but the mission was lost on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The ship carried up to 535 metric tons (527 long tons; 590 short tons) of coal and	and	CCONJ	could	AUX	 could
Jean Sammet, a short range committee member, noted that " little attempt was made to cater to the	the	DET	professional	ADJ	 professional
Albert of Pomerania explained, " If they had come to strengthen the Christian faith... they should do so	so	ADV	by	ADP	 by
He entered politics with the Dominion Party in 1958 and became Minister of Irrigation, Roads and Road Traffic in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At 5 am, Indians entered huts in the fort housing wounded British who were supposed to be under the	the	DET	care	NOUN	 care
Individuals with breathing difficulties due to asthma or allergies may experience additional barriers to quality sleep that can be addressed	addressed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The game was published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the first game in the series to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The film opened at # 11 at the DVD sales chart, making $1.6 million in the first week	week	NOUN	off	ADV	 off
Betrayal is the only installment in the series to be released on a non PlayStation platform and presented as a	a	DET	2D	NOUN	 2D
Educators who had observed the reactions said, " the emergence of an icon in a minority culture can be	be	AUX	both	PRON	 both
Tangles of barbed wire, booby traps, and the removal of ground cover made the approach hazardous for infantry	infantry	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hole toured with Marilyn Manson on the Beautiful Monsters Tour in 1999, but dropped out of the tour nine	nine	NUM	dates	NOUN	 dates
Both the direct pumping of protons and the consumption of matrix protons in the reduction of oxygen contribute to the	the	DET	proton	NOUN	 proton
" Flying Lotus felt more confident in his ideas and as a recording artist after striving to distinguish himself from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The first installment is set between " The Eleventh Hour " and " The Beast Below ", while the	the	DET	second	NOUN	 second
Among these were Danny's obsession with money and spending, by hacking into a credit card database in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Other types of Eastern Orthodox cupolas include helmet domes (for example, those of the Saint Sophia Cathedral in	in	ADP	Novgorod	PROPN	 Novgorod
Just when the M 113 crews closed in on their objective, a Viet Cong squad leader and his men	men	NOUN	jumped	VERB	 jumped
Some were helped by the organised resistance, such as the Comité de Défense des Juifs (CDJ),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Hank Shocklee directed them and was referred to by Chuck D as " the Phil Spector of hip hop "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Throughout each day, Great Western Railway services between London Paddington and South Wales pass through non stop, two	two	NUM	trains	NOUN	 trains
There were some earlier instances of meat being used as clothing in art. Seafood outfits, including a lobster	lobster	NOUN	bikini	NOUN	 bikini
Stipe wanted the promo to be a straightforward performance video, akin to Sinéad O'Connor's " Nothing Compares 2	2	NUM	U	NOUN	 U
She was a feature editor for The African Review, a freelance writer for the Ghanaian Times, wrote and	and	CCONJ	broadcast	VERB	 broadcast
In an effort to reclaim his happiness, Jack attempts to find the same toy that made him so happy	happy	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
About 40 million years ago, the two galaxies had a close encounter and are now moving farther apart;	;	PUNCT	nevertheless	ADV	 nevertheless
Cricket was among the five début sports in the Games. India, despite its historical record, decided not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
The Ljubija miners were on strike between 2 August and 8 September 1940. Some of the leaders of the	the	DET	strike	NOUN	 strike
The first exocomet system detected was around Beta Pictoris, a very young A type main sequence star, in	in	ADP	1987	NUM	 1987
The name meant that the group would contain a revolving cast of non permanent members getting on and off the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
American real estate investor and former hotelier John De Baun purchased the property from Leeder's widow for ₤ 14,000	14,000	NUM	in	ADP	 in
After having sparked the interest of the tabloids about his appearances with Mills at events, McCartney appeared publicly beside	beside	ADP	Mills	PROPN	 Mills
In 1997, the game's designers produced a 47 page document that outlined the game's premise and vision	vision	NOUN	statement	NOUN	 statement
It was at Methone, however, that 500 men died of dysentery caused by mouldy bread. According to	to	ADP	Procopius	PROPN	 Procopius
Today only part of the motte still stands, forming part of an archaeological park built on the site between	between	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
During respiration, air flow is unidirectional, looping through the lungs during inhalation and exhalation; the alligator's	's	PART	abdominal	ADJ	 abdominal
Teater Momentum or Teater uden Ryglæn, publicly funded by the municipal government and the Ministry of Cultural Affairs,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Along these lines, Himmler stated on 8 November 1937 at a Gruppenführer meeting in Munich in the officers '	'	PART	quarters	NOUN	 quarters
Reasons for the Assyrian withdrawal range from conflict with the Egyptian / Kushite army to divine intervention to surrender to	to	ADP	disease	NOUN	 disease
In some aircraft, two ADCs receive total and static pressure from independent pitot tubes and static ports, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
At physiological pH, linezolid exists in an uncharged state. It is moderately water soluble (approximately 3 mg	mg	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
A large and powerful cyclone, Bonnie moved ashore in North Carolina early on August 27, slowing as it	it	PRON	turned	VERB	 turned
Pam assumes it is because of something Jim said to her father, and blames him for their breakup.	.	PUNCT	Pam	ADV	 Pam
" which Scudder did for another two full days. In 1917, English professor Lane Cooper from Cornell University	University	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
After the Germans invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941, Soviet leader Joseph Stalin began pressing for the creation	creation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Labillardière chose the specific name obovata, in reference to the leaves of his specimen, which were obovate (	(	PUNCT	egg	NOUN	egg
It is unclear whether this is purely folklore or individual variation — related to sex, age or instances of	of	ADP	melanism	NOUN	 melanism
They hire you, and they figure you know what to do, and you should do it... And	And	CCONJ	that	PRON	 that
The art historian, writing in 1971, noted that " nowadays the coin seems charming for its quaintness and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The total number of costumes was approximately 350, kept in order by six full time women. The wardrobe	wardrobe	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He also cited the visual gags in the episode as " clever ". Harrison concluded his review by writing	writing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
However, his football career ended abruptly when he dislocated his knee in a game against the Brooklyn Lions.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Splinters from one of the many hits entered her conning tower, killing the quartermaster and wounding most of the	the	DET	men	NOUN	 men
After the sacking of Washington, the tide of battle turned against the British, and the Treaty of Ghent	Ghent	PROPN	ended	VERB	 ended
He also played in the 1 – 0 defeat in the second leg on 26 March. After signing for	for	ADP	York	PROPN	 York
In the former, 4,378 dwellings were destroyed. In Isabela, 2,250 houses were destroyed, displacing 35,744 residents	residents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This park was founded during the 19th century and includes an artificial lake with an island, as well as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The errors of our past become the reasons for war and conflict and we need to become humble in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This exposure led to the parent album to receive a Gold certification in Argentina, Mexico, and the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
The video won both nominations for " Video of the Year " and " Female Video of the Year "	"	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
The marriage to Mary Darnall secured Carroll a tract of land in Prince George's County, a position in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thousands of firefighters fought the fires, assisted by dozens of helicopters and fixed wing aircraft which were used for	for	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
(NYSE: THS), a major Wal Mart supplier with which she cut ties immediately after her husband	husband	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
By July 2, the system developed into a shallow land depression while situated 80 km (50 mi)	)	PUNCT	north	NOUN	 north
Dating to approximately 480 – 470 BC, the chamber topped a tall pillar and was decorated with marble panels	panels	NOUN	carved	VERB	 carved
In late 1944 the Australians launched a two pronged offensive to the east towards Wewak. The 17th Brigade advanced	advanced	VERB	inland	ADV	 inland
The Cardinals drafted Craig as a shortstop in the eighth round of the 2006 draft (256th overall) and	and	CCONJ	signed	VERB	 signed
Individual summer camps may also host " OA days " during which members of the OA may receive small tokens	tokens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At 1145 UTC on July 25, Fengshen made landfall on Yakushima in Japan's Ōsumi Islands, while a	a	DET	severe	ADJ	 severe
He rode from an early age, became an expert horseman, and was educated at Petrograd Real College of	of	ADP	Gurevich	PROPN	 Gurevich
I thought it was kind of funny, and also kind of sad — but in a funny way.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
P. fimbriata in Queensland is an outstanding predator of other jumping spiders and of web spiders, but poor against	against	ADP	insects	NOUN	 insects
They also misinterpreted the fossils, claiming that the tail was forged as one large feather, when visibly this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Houston had 374 volunteers and their commanders in Gonzales on March 12. Santa Anna sent Susanna Dickinson with her	her	PRON	infant	NOUN	 infant
Richard again fared well in the field, finishing with three errors and a 0.957 fielding percentage, slightly higher	higher	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The airport was formally opened on June 13 with the arrival of the presidential aircraft at the new airport at	at	ADP	around	ADP	 around
Johnson commented on his appearance: " It was, of course, a tremendous honour to step inside that	that	DET	most	ADV	 most
The first of the two versions of the Manchester Mark 1 – known as the Intermediary Version – was operational	operational	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
As a cabinet minister, Stewart aggressively marketed Canada's coal both domestically and internationally, for which he was	was	AUX	honoured	VERB	 honoured
He sought an amphibious assault, but it was delayed by lack of landing craft, and his troops did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Peter Christopherson of the bands Coil and Throbbing Gristle directed a performance video for " Wish ", but the	the	DET	EP	PROPN	 EP
The King's Bench got around this in the 1670s; the Act did not say that the process had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
A total of 95 shelters were opened in the state to house the evacuees. As Hurricane Ida moved over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
He is best known for his work with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) between 1999 and 2001 and with	with	ADP	World	PROPN	 World
However, on March 22, Joe Perry surprised Steven Tyler by performing " Happy Birthday " for him on	on	ADP	American	PROPN	 American
The ancient Greeks and Romans prized saffron as a perfume or deodoriser and scattered it about their public spaces:	:	PUNCT	royal	ADJ	 royal
Under the influence of pro militarist lobbying, expansion and further reform of the army was discussed in parliament,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The public mood was generally sympathetic to Tanzler, whom many viewed as an eccentric " romantic ". Though	Though	SCONJ	not	PART	 not
" Cisneros's ability to speak two languages and to write about her two cultures gives her a unique position	position	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
There are two main groups: the Inner and Outer Hebrides. These islands have a long history of occupation	occupation	NOUN	dating	VERB	 dating
A second possibility is that the name hooden was a reference to the hooded nature of the horse's bearer	bearer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Achilles killed both of these, but Paris then managed to kill Achilles with an arrow in the heel.	.	PUNCT	Achilles	NOUN	 Achilles
Shackleton informed the Morning Post that " this magnificent gift relieves me of all anxiety ". Shackleton now had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
Behind them, Tony Martin (Omega Pharma – Quick Step) set off in pursuit of the four leaders	leaders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" As a result, government officials refused to endorse the association's proposal, and Michigan was excluded from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, the resentment over Wheelwright's conviction was so high that over 60 men signed the document. Those	Those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
" In 1870, the Lenos appeared in another pantomime by Leno's father, Jack the Giant Killer;	;	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Additionally, the remake lets players unlock and play through the game as the eight Robot Masters, Roll,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Of which there will have to be a great quantity... The men's pay has been and still is	is	AUX	very	ADV	 very
Eric Kohn of IndieWire awarded both this episode and " Escape from the Citadel " an " A – "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Flight testing of these modified AV 8s continued into 1979. The results showed greater than expected drag, hampering	hampering	VERB	the	DET	 the
Gifts and other financial considerations were given to those who would evaluate and vote on Salt Lake City's bid	bid	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Two months later their countries were required to work together over the Galician slaughter and a declaration of independence from	from	ADP	Kraków	PROPN	 Kraków
Later, Storm spat beer in the face of Hernandez and powerbombed him off the top of a turnbuckle to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
So now that her Dad needs some of her liver, recovering alcoholic or not, she ’ s gon	gon	VERB	na	PART	na
Davies found himself again at odds with his party, over the issue of Welsh self government. He had	had	AUX	championed	VERB	 championed
The Pig faced Lady of Manchester Square became a leading topic of conversation in London. She soon began to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
World War II and the resulting rationing forced the park to close in 1943. Upon reopening in 1946,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
CD Projekt partnered with small developers and large publishers, including Activision, Electronic Arts and Ubisoft, to broaden	broaden	VERB	the	DET	 the
Controversy surrounding violent titles such as Night Trap and Mortal Kombat led Sega to create the Videogame Rating Council,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The new Mercedes team was their first majority involvement in an F1 team since 1955. Schumacher stated that his	his	PRON	preparations	NOUN	 preparations
During the 2008 Olympics, Phelps was questioned by the press as to whether perhaps his feats were " too	too	ADV	good	ADJ	 good
They were Soviet made Antonov An 2 biplanes. Two aircraft continued towards Lima Site 85, while the others	others	NOUN	turned	VERB	 turned
In the Pentateuch, whole sentences were erased and a new text substituted. Kings was the least corrected of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They left only five species in Oryzomys, which was now finally a natural, monophyletic group. Because of	of	ADP	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
Through this gap Montgomery pushed the remainder of his armour, breaking the Afrika Korps line and pushing westwards into	into	ADP	its	PRON	 its
His plan failed; the engines stopped when the ship was still far from land. Arctic's lifeboat capacity	capacity	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
From about three billion years ago, prokaryotic selenoprotein families drive the evolution of selenocysteine, an amino acid.	.	PUNCT	Selenium	NOUN	 Selenium
Global dimming also creates a cooling effect that may have partially counteracted the effect of greenhouse gases on global warming	warming	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike Skrzynecki, he believed foreign intervention to be unrealistic, and wanted to force the Russians to return to	to	ADP	peace	NOUN	 peace
In 2016, G Dragon was chosen as one of the top 10 most influential celebrities in China by Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	media	NOUN	 media
It is later revealed in the season fourteen episode " 201 " that Jack Tenorman, Scott's father,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Mason released his second solo album, Profiles, in August 1985. In 1985, faced with a potentially	potentially	ADV	ruinous	ADJ	 ruinous
Fighting games often include a single player campaign or tournament, where the player must defeat a sequence of several	several	ADJ	computer	NOUN	 computer
More than 2.5 million people visit the Alamo every year. The Texas Revolution has been the subject of poetry	poetry	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
There is a terminal moraine of boulders and gravel forming a natural dam opposite the cirque face along the northeastern	northeastern	ADJ	shore	NOUN	 shore
Taxes were cut for lower incomes starting in 1923. The lower rates substantially increased the money flowing to the	the	DET	treasury	NOUN	 treasury
The lad was still screaming... Ian had a hatchet in his hand... he was holding it above his	his	PRON	head	NOUN	 head
After a sixteen lap caution period, the race resumed on lap 143 with Biffle as the leader. On	On	ADP	lap	NOUN	 lap
Northanger Abbey was one of three novels adapted for ITV's Jane Austen season. It was shot on location	location	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on November 21, 1999. It was written by	by	ADP	Vince	PROPN	 Vince
" Junior " is arrested by the FBI on non related charges. Jackie's brother Richie Aprile is released	released	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Descriptive statistics is concerned with describing data sets, which can often be represented as data matrices, which may	may	AUX	then	ADV	 then
As he leaves Lisa to hide the body, she drains even more power by re entering the conversion unit	unit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Any tropical cyclone that develops within the North Indian Ocean between 100° E and 45° E is monitored	monitored	VERB	by	ADP	 by
This buoyant region prevents the slab (subducting tectonic plate) from diving deep into the mantle, where the	the	DET	heat	NOUN	 heat
These include using radar to measure the distance to the Moon and to Venus; observations of astrophysical masers around	around	ADP	star	NOUN	 star
". The crowd cheered and Hepburn cut the ribbon. The Cloverleaf Trail and the Heenan Highway were assumed	assumed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
England won the series, after recording victory in the first match and drawing the others. Hutton scored 196	196	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The war involved all of the New England colonies, and resulted in the destruction or severe reduction and pacification	pacification	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 18 April Varese and Giuseppe Garibaldi bombarded the fortifications at the entrance to the Dardanelles, heavily damaging them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Horowitz writes that despite these changes, one of the academic certainties is that the problems which had dogged the	the	DET	court	NOUN	 court
SaGa Frontier 2 was a bestseller in Japan. The game has sold over 675,000 copies in Japan as of	of	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
When the consensus of the membership permits, it provides a mechanism for armed intervention. The first human to	to	PART	orbit	VERB	 orbit
, but legally is no successor of the original Inter); FC Tatran Devín, the club that was	was	AUX	successful	ADJ	 successful
" A 1993 issue of India Today wrote, " Saagar was in many ways a paean to her incredible	incredible	ADJ	beauty	NOUN	 beauty
She was among those who encouraged Barack Obama to make his first run for the United States Congress in 2000	2000	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The latter team was tied for second in the conference and was 15 – 7 overall (8 – 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This change was reversed in 1997, with a return to the name Sunderland Echo. The 1990s saw the	the	DET	Echo	PROPN	 Echo
If the cash is stored in the household of one individual, even after a century, the sum remains	remains	VERB	100,000	NUM	 100,000
The decision was made by Jitendra on Shah Rukh Khan's request after a meeting was held between the producers	producers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The renumbering was approved by the Federal Highway Administration on February 26, 1964. With this renumbering, the	the	DET	tollway	NOUN	 tollway
The cause of the fire remains unknown, since fire investigators were unable to access the site for safety reasons	reasons	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This was an interwoven part of the wider multifaceted Wars of the Three Kingdoms, involving Scotland and Ireland.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At night, he barricades himself and Sam inside his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home to hide from the	the	DET	Darkseekers	PROPN	 Darkseekers
In France, the government press misrepresented the battle. Le Moniteur Universel published a report purportedly written by Captain	Captain	PROPN	Raymond	PROPN	 Raymond
In 2010, the IWC authorized Greenland's native population to hunt a few humpback whales for the following three	three	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Remembering the slaughter at Antietam, in which the Confederates did not construct defensive works, Longstreet ordered trenches,	,	PUNCT	abatis	NOUN	 abatis
Before the building of the rectory began in 1944, the three priests and their housekeeper had lived in the	the	DET	Leslie	PROPN	 Leslie
/ Kampfgeschwader 2 (KG 2) crashed at Marquise. Oberleutnant Helmut Schülze and Heinz Beger were killed.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The lower the EC50 the greater the potency of the antagonist, and the lower the concentration of drug that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Johnson's revolutionary innovation was to create a set of corresponding notes that allowed readers to clarify the meaning behind	behind	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
He agreed that the essential problem of the season was its reluctance to move, leading to frustration after seeing	seeing	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
All motorway sections of the E751 are tolled, using the electronic toll collection (ETC) and ticket systems	systems	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Officials opened dams along the Limpopo River to prevent structural damage, which caused higher levels along the river to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Floyd declines to answer. At Clavius, Floyd heads a meeting of base personnel, apologizing for the epidemic	epidemic	NOUN	cover	NOUN	 cover
In the nineteenth century, Netley became a popular tourist attraction (the novelist Jane Austen was among those who	who	PRON	visited	VERB	 visited
He served from September 1, 1852, to March 3, 1855, and did not stand for re	re	NOUN	election	NOUN	 election
Colorado and Maryland were greatly needed in the war zone, and as such did not undergo a major refit	refit	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
Impressed with Goyer's concept, Nolan pitched the idea to the studio in February 2010, who hired Nolan	Nolan	PROPN	to	PART	 to
FanGraphs described him as being an " elite " defensive player due to his speed and range. Even when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The previous scheme received more attention in 1807, by which time it had become the Portsmouth, Southampton and	and	CCONJ	London	PROPN	 London
The Music Library is a branch of Joyner Library located on the first floor of A.J. Fletcher Music Center.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Females ' chelicerae are dark orange brown and decorated with sparse white hairs, which form bands near the carapaces	carapaces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The convective pattern rapidly deteriorated due to southeasterly wind shear, and despite a brief burst of convection, the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Scientists also view the ability to grow very long hair as a result of sexual selection, since long and	and	CCONJ	healthy	ADJ	 healthy
On 6 August, the Italian destroyer Rosolino Pilo rammed U 12, probably by chance, at about 05	05	NUM	:	SYM	:
The airline made the biggest aircraft order in its young history on 21 June 2007, by ordering 51 narrow-	narrow-	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
For the first time in the series, Sonic and Blaze's sprites are rendered in 3D. The game's	's	PART	boss	NOUN	 boss
In 1998, he moved to CBS with the AFC package, teaming first with Greg Gumbel (through the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Upon entering Kazan University in August 1887, Lenin moved into a nearby flat with his mother. Interested in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Raised in rural New South Wales, she trained at Sydney's College of Fine Arts and London's Chelsea	Chelsea	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
In three season at Anacostia, June compiled a 12 – 23 record before accepting a position as head coach	coach	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
It was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice, for the 1996 film adaptation of the musical,	,	PUNCT	Evita	PROPN	 Evita
with Jamie Oliver is a cooking video game for the Nintendo DS narrated by celebrity chef Jamie Oliver. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
While Aflaq needed the military committee to seize power, the committee needed Aflaq to hold on power – without	without	ADP	Aflaq	PROPN	 Aflaq
Clary first suggested gold colored shingles, but John Patrick Crecine, Georgia Tech's president at the time,	,	PUNCT	insisted	VERB	 insisted
It is a Grade II * listed building, a national designation given to " particularly important buildings of more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Biquadrate has been used to refer to the fourth power as well. Some mathematicians (e.g., Isaac Newton	Newton	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Believing that the elder brother had information on Chen's escape, police took him to a police station for	for	ADP	interrogation	NOUN	 interrogation
As angry as I may be about activities undertaken without my knowledge, I am still accountable for those activities	activities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Previously, Johnson was the head coach at Princeton University from 2007 to 2011 where he led the Princeton Tigers	Tigers	PROPN	men	NOUN	 men
A year later, on September 8, 2000, Key released their second game Air, which was also	also	ADV	an	DET	 an
He travels between games in the arcade, and ultimately must eliminate a dire threat that could affect the entire	entire	ADJ	arcade	NOUN	 arcade
Both Hessian detachments made organized retreats, firing as they fell back. On the high ground at the north	north	NOUN	end	NOUN	 end
Those nominations are then used to promote the film. But while the former nominations are announced in December with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cobby had rejoined the Civil Aviation Board (by then the Department of Civil Aviation) after leaving the RAAF	RAAF	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Azerbaijan is also an important economic hub in the transportation of raw materials. The Baku – Tbilisi – Ceyhan	Ceyhan	PROPN	pipeline	NOUN	 pipeline
Accordingly, historians date the establishment of the Diocese of Transylvania to this period. If the identification, proposed	proposed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Renown was recommissioned in September 1921 for a tour of India and Japan by the Prince of Wales and sailed	sailed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
He kept goal in the final of the Full Members Cup (a largely unsuccessful tournament inspired by the ban	ban	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Olivia Wilde's character, Quorra, was informed by the historical Catholic figure Joan of Arc. Wilde sought	sought	VERB	inspiration	NOUN	 inspiration
Between 10 and 25 percent of the people on each train were chosen as forced laborers; the rest were	were	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
The Afghan company contracted to bring heavy construction equipment delayed its arrival to until 13 July. It was decided	decided	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Australia received a fire control director sometime between mid 1915 and May 1916; this centralised fire control under the	the	DET	director	NOUN	 director
By the end of the 13th century a large prison had been built in the castle; this was probably	probably	ADV	constructed	VERB	 constructed
After Melbourne was decommissioned, the Fleet Air Arm ceased fixed wing combat aircraft operation in 1984, with the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
However, in December 2008, Delorentos explained in their MySpace blog that a potential record deal had fallen through	through	ADP	due	ADP	 due
All coal was delivered to and stored in a large open area to the north of the power stations.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
A total of 58 of the 393 holes were incompletely filled. After the dam was completed and the lake	lake	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
These peasants lived within three kinds of settlements: the chorion or village, the agridion or hamlet, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" A sociological comparative study by the Pew Research Center found that Jehovah's Witnesses in the United States ranked	ranked	VERB	highest	ADJ	 highest
Additionally, the IOM has been cooperating with local NGOs and the Haitian Ministry of Social Affairs, the Institute	Institute	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
An unspecified number of Filipinos refer to themselves as Pinoy or sometimes the feminine Pinay. The word is formed	formed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Because of the biological and geological interest the site was designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1952	1952	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
FuG 10P, FuG 16, FuBl Z and APZ 6 were fitted for communication and navigation at night,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
" The exact time of the liftoff varies from source to source and is mentioned as 05: 30:	:	SYM	42	NUM	 42
The Old Norse nickname Digri and its Latin translation Grossus (" the stout ") are given to him	him	PRON	by	ADP	 by
The pair joined Empoli in 1999, who had been relegated to Serie B the previous season, and became	became	VERB	regular	ADJ	 regular
In October 1915, the Serbian Army was overwhelmed by a combined Austro Hungarian, Bulgarian and German invasion and	and	CCONJ	forced	VERB	 forced
Nevertheless, the effects of the action on the wider war were hugely important. The losses suffered by the	the	DET	Dutch	PROPN	 Dutch
The Tate Gallery, as it was formerly known, also became a major centre for modern art; in	in	ADP	2000	NUM	 2000
The most effective part of the Croatian police force was 3,000 strong special police comprising twelve battalions organised along military	military	ADJ	lines	NOUN	 lines
These elements appear in the song's chorus, where Harrison sings: " How I love you / Baby	Baby	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The initial release, OpenBSD 1.2, was made in July 1996, followed by OpenBSD 2.0 in October of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A large variety of closed polyhedra meeting this criterion can be constructed, of which the simplest are the truncated	truncated	ADJ	tetrahedron	NOUN	 tetrahedron
When Saunders returned from Naivasha with the relief party, Mackinder had another attempt at the summit with Ollier and	and	CCONJ	Brocherel	PROPN	 Brocherel
The other claims that the first faction is in error, and that by incorporating in 1961, it lost	lost	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The matter was first brought to public attention by historian C.P. Stacey, who wrestled with the question of how	how	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
The northward movement was facilitated by vessels leaving from assembly areas at Qui Nhơn and Cà Mau at the southernmost	southernmost	NOUN	extremity	NOUN	 extremity
This plan was affected by the needs of the war. As the fighting dragged on and casualties mounted,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This is further confirmed by the discovery of Sahure's cartouche in the mortuary temple of Userkaf at Saqqara,	,	PUNCT	indicating	VERB	 indicating
After lying ill for a week, he died there, at Pavoloch ". He was given a "	"	PUNCT	ceremonial	ADJ	 ceremonial
Writing for Idolator, Bianca Gracie calle d " Bedtime Story " the highlight of the album, adding that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Following the arrival of the Dutch workers in the 1890s, the community continued to expand with the arrival of	of	ADP	workers	NOUN	 workers
People started to revolt. The settlement of the north continued up to Qin Shi Huang's death in 210	210	NUM	BC	PROPN	 BC
On a road next to Talladega Superspeedway in August 1970, Heppenstall drove the TX Mk. II to six	six	NUM	records	NOUN	 records
Before leaving Boston, Mary had given birth to a severely deformed infant that was stillborn. Because of the	the	DET	theological	ADJ	 theological
Other special features include " Rite of Passage: The Amazing Spider Man reborn " and " The Oscorp Archives	Archives	PROPN	-	PUNCT	 -
During his time in the Netherlands, Fandi scored 11 league goals in 36 league games for Groningen. The	The	DET	next	ADJ	 next
After two years in reduced commission in August, Wadsworth was reactivated in May 1921. She was decommissioned in	in	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Since several specimens were kept alive in captivity, it was probably not a specialised feeder. That the Vienna	Vienna	PROPN	specimen	NOUN	 specimen
According to the historian David Frith, Peel was not a considerate husband. Frith also suggests that he was	was	AUX	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
As well as guarding against escapes and enforcing discipline, they oversaw prisoner work and instructed inmates in trades.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first roads in the Peak were constructed by the Romans, although they may have followed existing tracks.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Describing Nicole's reaction he said that she was " dumbfounded " by his offer, as she had	had	AUX	believed	VERB	 believed
Handed complete managerial control following Mudie's resignation in May 1967, Matthews couldn't guide the club to success	success	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
" From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " achieved moderate success, peaking at number thirty seven in Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the time many French and American politicians were willing to believe that Ho was part of a Soviet plan	plan	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 2010 there were 944 pupils on the school roll and it was inspected by Ofsted in the same year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It has been in existence at least since 1000 CE, although myths surrounding the temple associate it with the	the	DET	popular	ADJ	 popular
Richard Harrington of The Washington Post found some quiet moments on The Open Door most notably on the " haunting	haunting	VERB	ballad	PROPN	 ballad
This vent endemic gastropod is known only from deep sea hydrothermal vents in the Indian Ocean, where it has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Within two weeks Barkas's plan was accepted, but with one change requested by Montgomery: the dummy armour	armour	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In June 1991, Croatia declared its independence as Yugoslavia disintegrated. This was followed by a three month moratorium	moratorium	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
She also said that its art is " superb... with every inch filled with details and no gag left	left	VERB	unseen	ADJ	 unseen
The nation's Health Ministry sent medical crews across the country to affected areas in an effort to prevent the	the	DET	spread	NOUN	 spread
At first Hill believed, " Voluntary workers are a necessity. They are better than paid workers, and	and	CCONJ	can	AUX	 can
The Javan slow loris (Nycticebus javanicus) was first described scientifically in 1812, by the French naturalist Étienne	Étienne	PROPN	Geoffroy	PROPN	 Geoffroy
Wills scalped 7 wickets in a single innings. Wills announced in early 1869 that he would not play for	for	ADP	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
It was written and produced by Gaga, Space Cowboy and Martin Kierszenbaum. Space Cowboy, whose real name	name	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The seventh series received healthy ratings, with both BBC One and BBC Three ratings together achieving 6.13 million viewers	viewers	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
M type (metal rich) asteroids form about 10% of the total population; their spectra resemble that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Matsui, by contrast, was found guilty of only one count of negligence but was sentenced to death.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It is now in its third location, and used to be located in St James's Street, London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Architecturally, most war memorials were relatively conservative in design, aiming to use established styles to produce a tragic	tragic	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
This can occur in a variety of contexts, but is an event which could occur in some yoga practices	practices	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The country's leading fishing port consists of an industrial harbour that supports the area's fishing industry as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Adam Woodroof of CCM Magazine gave it 3.5 out of 5 stars. While Woodroof felt the album did not	not	PART	deliver	VERB	 deliver
" AllMusic contributor Tom Maginnis writes that the lyrics " reflect the idealist optimism of the soon to be labeled	labeled	VERB	'	PUNCT	 '
A study by the Wellcome Trust, led by Sir Walter Bodmer and published on Channel 4's Faces of	of	ADP	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
The 1891 flag inherited red stands for the colour of the republican inspired masonry backed revolutionaries, whereas green was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
: 450 A P. fimbriata specimen, now in the Australian Museum collection, regenerated a lost limb about 7	7	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Some pipeline opponents were satisfied by Alyeska's preliminary design, which incorporated underground and raised crossings for caribou and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
It received a score of 32 / 40 from Famitsu; one reviewer wrote that the remake includes " enough	enough	ADJ	differences	NOUN	 differences
A single Hotchkiss QF 6 pounder anti aircraft gun on a high angle mounting was mounted on the quarterdeck in	in	ADP	1915	NUM	 1915
He left the Militia on 8 November 1941. Miller and a friend then attempted to join the Royal Australian	Australian	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
A huge flood in 1899 near The Pas left no ground to walk upon, yet the railway track construction	construction	NOUN	work	NOUN	 work
In addition, a significant number of used imported Leafs from neighboring countries have been registered in the country,	,	PUNCT	raising	VERB	 raising
These figures were much lower when the budget was brought down on March 26, 2013, but the Dunderdale	Dunderdale	PROPN	government	NOUN	 government
Despite his successes in America, the Australian Swimming Union did not offer to fund a return home for Brooks	Brooks	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
The first film listed was titled " A Restless Spirit " (The Restless Spirit) and the second film	film	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
To stretch the skin over the drum properly, one process requires the body to be held on a platform	platform	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The presence of Crossland, and a number of other bowlers with suspect actions, in the Lancashire team resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Breadon agreed, and Hornsby became the Cardinals ' manager. Hornsby finished the year with his second Triple Crown	Crown	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Later models incorporated an M61 Vulcan rotary cannon. Beginning in 1959, it set 15 world records for in	in	ADP	flight	NOUN	 flight
Perez also expressed doubt the show would attract a new audience because it ran too late into the night following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
The following week OCI asked the provincial government for an exemption to export unprocessed fish in return for nearly doubling	doubling	VERB	the	DET	 the
Bruce Swedien, the song's engineer, said of the song being recorded, When we started ' Thriller	Thriller	PROPN	'	PROPN	 '
Of the components of the F 20, the radar would end up being the most successful; Taiwan selected	selected	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On December 27, 1999, Combs and his then girlfriend Jennifer Lopez were at Club New York in Manhattan	Manhattan	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
In the words of Tacitus, Christians showed " hatred of the human race " (odium generis humani)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
After defeating him twice, they received a key that opens even more levels of the castle. After collecting	collecting	VERB	150	NUM	 150
Co star Brittany Tiplady was later nominated for a Young Artist Award but failed to win. The show itself	itself	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Following this, Bohemond retreated to Apulia and died there. His nephew, Tancred, who was regent in	in	ADP	Antioch	PROPN	 Antioch
He did so, and when Brett eventually arrived to give a speech nearly identical to the one Sifton had	had	AUX	given	VERB	 given
Heljar Ballo told Aftenposten that the family " had confidence " in the investigation by local law enforcement in France	France	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Therefore, the crew attempted to conceal Cox's pregnancy using a combination of baggy, loose fitting costumes and	and	CCONJ	props	NOUN	 props
The secret burial was not announced until October 1962. The authenticity of the head has long been debated,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
From that point forward, says Schindlerjude Sol Urbach, Schindler " changed his mind about the Nazis. He	He	PRON	decided	VERB	 decided
After noticing Dawn has not come back, Buffy goes to look for her and finds her in the morgue	morgue	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The western portion of the Montmédy sector was even more lightly defended, with several lines of fortifications ranging from	from	ADP	fortified	ADJ	 fortified
Reelviews editor James Berardinelli praised their relationship, stating that it brought a tear to his eye in a way	way	NOUN	no	DET	 no
Sunset City had three different iterations. In the early stages, it was called Greenlight City, based on	on	ADP	Burbank	PROPN	 Burbank
The City Council meets bi weekly in City Hall located at 201 W. Gray Street in downtown Norman; various	various	ADJ	boards	NOUN	 boards
Eventually, Lieutenant Colonel J. V. B. Jervis Reid, head of Ops (B), spotted a photograph	photograph	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
And they're not about to start now. " A reunion concert took place at the Royal Festival Hall	Hall	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The final years of his life were spent in Angmering, West Sussex, with Violet. Holloway forged close	close	ADJ	friendships	NOUN	 friendships
Bellman returned to the bank job, and seems quickly to have fallen into financial difficulty: " a jungle	jungle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chicago saw pressure grow on its existing office space during the war; limited wartime construction created supply shortages and	and	CCONJ	rent	NOUN	 rent
On the October 29 episode of Raw! Torrie competed in the Halloween Divas Battle Royal eliminating Victoria before being	being	AUX	last	ADV	 last
All of the office workers compete against each other for a $2,000 prize. Erin Hannon in particular is	is	AUX	fiercely	ADV	 fiercely
Psy – vocals, producer, songwriter (lyrics and music) Yoo Gun hyung – producer, songwriter (	(	PUNCT	music	NOUN	music
David Levering Lewis has called Loving " one of the Army's most effective wartime undercover Negro agents. "	"	PUNCT	Later	ADV	 Later
The band participated in three headlining tours: the Revolt Tour, the Endless Summer Tour, and the World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
This denied the British the ability to intercept and decrypt German signals, which had previously been a significant advantage	advantage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ship was mined and sunk in January 1918 during the Battle of Imbros in which Yavuz Sultan Selim was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
It just won't continue in its prior configuration. He's not retiring. " In August 2011,	,	PUNCT	Hollywood	PROPN	 Hollywood
Many Zouaves went off to war wearing the fire badge of their respective fire company. Contrary to modern art	art	NOUN	prints	NOUN	 prints
Pete is unhappy for a time but begins a relationship with Jo Ellison, a friend of Rachel's.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1884, Wyatt and his wife Josie, his brothers Warren and James, and James ' wife Bessie	Bessie	PROPN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
On the second of the three nights, Richard Patrick was briefly reunited with the band and contributed guitar to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the emergency room, House suspects Jeff's extreme niceness and inability to get angry is a major symptom	symptom	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Aivazovsky's first statue in his ancestral homeland was unveiled in Yerevan in 2003. Aivazovsky's first and only	only	ADJ	statue	NOUN	 statue
Lynch credits her being cast in the Harry Potter films to the obsession she had with the Harry Potter book	book	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
Within three days all the drums were recorded, which contributed to the raw, live sound on the album	album	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
While Li Mi was able to escape with some 10,000 of his men, many of the rest surrendered to	to	ADP	Wang	PROPN	 Wang
The British steam freighter SS Vulcain was torpedoed and sunk on 24 May. Six days later, on 29	29	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
Rhodes scored 731 runs in first class matches, averaging 34.80, and took 31 wickets at 21.35, which	which	PRON	led	VERB	 led
Biddle himself later called the sedition case " a dreary farce ". At the time The Washington Post reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Retrospective reviews have been favourable. Q magazine called the album a " misunderstood masterpiece " while Mojo said it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
One World Trade Center is the second tallest freestanding structure in the Western Hemisphere, as the CN Tower in	in	ADP	Toronto	PROPN	 Toronto
When NY 43 was first assigned in the 1920s, it began near the village of Schoharie and ended in	in	ADP	downtown	NOUN	 downtown
Before the shuffle format was implemented in 2010, the main game had the contestant and host sit in chairs	chairs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Two videos were produced for " Misery ". A lyric video for the track was released on March 10	10	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Residents elect an eight member city council composed of representatives of the city's seven wards and a council president	president	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By 1992, sales of the BK Broiler had slowed to half of what they were at the height of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Nevertheless, construction continued throughout the mid 1990s, and the expressway opened on October 15, 1997, just	just	ADV	over	ADP	 over
Morris concluded that " What is surprising is that he was not successful in producing many surgeons in his own	own	ADJ	mould	NOUN	 mould
MacArthur's response was " Bunk! ". He felt that even Willoughby's estimate was too high.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Moore is an atheist; when asked on Inside the Actors Studio what God might say to her upon arrival	arrival	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Many of the buildings, ships and missiles have the same names and functions as those in K240 and in	in	ADP	both	DET	 both
The site of the 13th century Caerphilly Castle in Wales covers over 30 acres (12 ha) and the	the	DET	water	NOUN	 water
A second soundtrack album containing additional music from To Heart 2 Another Days, titled To Heart 2 Secret Sound	Sound	PROPN	Track	PROPN	 Track
Blame one of hip hop's most beautiful moments for the prison that traps Nasir Jones today – blame Illmatic	Illmatic	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1923, it was renamed to Gan Eng Seng School (GESS) in his honour. Gan Eng	Eng	PROPN	Seng	PROPN	 Seng
Accompanied by a $19 million marketing campaign, the DVD sold about 3 million units in its first month	month	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bret formed along the southwestern periphery of a weather front north of the Bahamas on July 17. At first	first	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Ellis had 87 tackles during the season (18 for loss) to lead the team in both categories.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
At fifteen years old, Copeland won first place in the Los Angeles Music Center Spotlight Awards at the Chandler	Chandler	PROPN	Pavilion	PROPN	 Pavilion
On January 7, 1861, the Indianapolis Zouaves volunteered for service if Indiana's governor, Oliver P. Morton	Morton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The congregation was made up of various theatrical colleagues; J. Pitt Hardacre was his best man, and composer	composer	NOUN	Leslie	PROPN	 Leslie
There are two teams out there. One is playing cricket and the other is not. " The comment	comment	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Referring to Biblical stories which they had learned from Protestant missionaries, he compared them to " the children of	of	ADP	Israel	PROPN	 Israel
When Hasan was commissioned by Sultan Murad IV to help suppress the long running rebellion of Fakhr ad Din II	II	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On November 11, 2008, Higgins recorded his first NHL hat trick in a 4 – 0 win over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song's official remix was also featured on the Beach House EP. It featured new guest appearances by	by	ADP	Trey	PROPN	 Trey
He was able to make it back into the city, but his wounds were mortal and he died early	early	ADV	the	DET	 the
Further illustrating the city's musical ties is the typeface, with letters resembling musical notes and treble clefs,	,	PUNCT	used	VERB	 used
During the game, Virginia Tech fell behind 17 – 0 in the first quarter, but rallied to take	take	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Waste Recycling Group is a company working in partnership with the Hull City and East Riding of Yorkshire councils	councils	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Jean Marie Defrance married the daughter of the richest jeweler in Paris, by the name Foncier. Defrance was	was	AUX	stationed	VERB	 stationed
The film made Nagarjuna a superstar in Telugu cinema; it changed his career, and earned him a reputation	reputation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
She and her first husband, Keller Breland (1915 – 1965), studied at the University of Minnesota	Minnesota	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
In September 1958, he rejected the opportunity to sign for hometown club Middlesbrough – had he joined the club	club	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
Revd. Manohar Chandra Prasad criticised the government for " soft pedaling " and believed that the extension was an	an	DET	indication	NOUN	 indication
He wanted no misunderstandings about my assignment. " Bob, " he said, " I want you to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
The strength of the stereotype threat that occurs depends on how the task is framed. If a task is	is	AUX	framed	VERB	 framed
He scored three further fifties for Middlesex and once took five wickets in an innings, but bowled comparatively rarely	rarely	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Although Roper expected Apollo to " return in smaller form ", the company closed in 1983 after reorganization attempts	attempts	NOUN	failed	VERB	 failed
Now he concluded a secret treaty with Ferdinand I of Hungary, but soon had to seek refugee in Transylvania	Transylvania	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
At the time, North Vietnam vigorously denied ever sending troops or equipment into South Vietnam. In reality,	,	PUNCT	both	DET	 both
He holds several Northwestern all time records, including single season and career scoring. He was selected as an	an	DET	honorable	ADJ	 honorable
However, Ariffien left Star owing to dissatisfaction over Tjioeng Wanara. Star continued expanding, and Jo brought aboard	aboard	ADV	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
In 1991, a concert of female led bands at the International Pop Underground Convention in Olympia, Washington,	,	PUNCT	heralded	VERB	 heralded
He finished the tournament with 17 point and 25 point performances against # 2 seeded Kansas and # 3 seeded	seeded	VERB	Notre	PROPN	 Notre
The Twittys disputed Renfo's accounts, Beth describing Renfro as " a witch ". On April 19,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
Although nearly the entire DuMont film archive was destroyed, several surviving DuMont shows have been released on DVD.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
After completing the game, the player can return to any day in the story and play those events again	again	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
World is trapped on an apple and the gang leaves it at a desert; but latches on a horse	horse	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Completing the primary objectives within a time limit successfully completes a mission; failure to do so ends the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Originating from a monsoon trough on July 21, Judy began as a tropical depression west of the Northern Mariana	Mariana	PROPN	Islands	PROPN	 Islands
The stage included five climbs, the most significant of which was the partial climb of Mont Ventoux. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Previous episodes of the show where the Simpsons visit other countries have been controversial. For example, the Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	visited	VERB	 visited
He proposed further that the " measure of capacity " (base unit of volume) should be defined as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Some sequences result in an equilibrium between the two conformers, while others strongly prefer a single conformer. In	In	ADP	particular	ADJ	 particular
The Volt has received awards from multiple organizations: U.S. organizations 2009 Green Car Vision Award by the Green Car	Car	PROPN	Journal	PROPN	 Journal
During the next few days, the extratropical remnants of Hurricane Danielle moved across the northern Atlantic Ocean, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
The Associated Press described it as " cocky but alluring ". Time Out New York's reviewer disliked the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
After passing southwest of Socorro Island, Lily weakened, becoming a storm on September 20. Lily weakened into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Due to the lack of large torpedo boats, the Flanders Flotilla had not sortied against the Dover Patrol in	in	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
" According to Crowley's later statements, on 8 April he heard a disembodied voice that claimed to be	be	AUX	that	PRON	 that
The ship's main battery consisted of four 12 inch (305 mm) guns mounted in two twin gun	gun	NOUN	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
During an interview, Beyoncé further spoke about her decision to release the song as the first single from the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
" Bardon has revealed that both he and Brown were sceptical about their characters marrying. In an interview with	with	ADP	American	PROPN	 American
People from Norway started hunting whales around 4,000 years ago, and people from Japan began hunting whales in the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
Gauguin's figure seems to invoke the Polynesian goddess Hina, depicted by Morice as a Diana like deity clutching	clutching	VERB	a	DET	 a
As of 2010, 88.4% (337,658) of Cleveland residents age 5 and older spoke English at home	home	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Barry Walters for the San Francisco Chronicle praised the film for showing gay characters that have an active sex life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Relations worsened in 1870, however, as an army expedition committed a massacre against the Blackfeet. Relations with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
It also ranked sixth on the Village Voice's Pazz & Jop poll, and 20th on Spin's list	list	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Half Life: Source is a straight port, lacking any new content or the Blue Shift High Definition pack	pack	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a noble gas, it does not interfere with the chemical reactions occurring in the operating lamp. The	The	DET	low	ADJ	 low
When a song is complete, the player is ranked based on their performance with the other tracked players,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The system consists of an F type main sequence star (designated υ Andromedae A, also named Titawin)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Bradman assured Lindwall that he was an automatic selection for the Tests even if he did not take a wicket	wicket	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Arrow also has the capability to simultaneously intercept a salvo of more than five incoming missiles, with the	the	DET	target	NOUN	 target
He combined these different traditions with his own inner experience in a synthesis that was new in Byzantine mysticism.	.	PUNCT	Symeon	PROPN	 Symeon
On the opposite side of the river, NY 96 intersects Front Street. The configuration of NY 96 between	between	ADP	Front	PROPN	 Front
Chase was impressed with Seward, writing that the former New York governor " was one of the very first	first	ADJ	public	ADJ	 public
Henry supported the primacy of Canterbury, to ensure that England remained under a single ecclesiastical administration, but the	the	DET	Pope	PROPN	 Pope
An accurate accusation of being an alcoholic was an effective way to discredit political rivals. Prominent Roman alcoholics included	included	VERB	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
Using Mendeleev's nomenclature for unnamed and undiscovered elements, meitnerium should be known as eka iridium. In 1979	1979	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the book, the authors recount their experiences, including motivations and challenges, on restricting their diet,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Sarah was famous for telling the Queen exactly what she thought, and did not offer her flattery. Anne	Anne	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 17 March 1924 he suffered a stroke and on 29 March he died at his home in London,	,	PUNCT	survived	VERB	 survived
He graduated fifth in his class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1929 and was commissioned	commissioned	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Beamer had never defeated Bowden in a game. Before the game, Beamer was named the ACC's 2005	2005	NUM	Coach	PROPN	 Coach
Malcolm, the oldest of the brothers involved in wrestling, used the name Mel Turnbow while working as a	a	DET	referee	NOUN	 referee
Because the term " fish " is defined negatively, and excludes the tetrapods (i.e., the amphibians,	,	PUNCT	reptiles	NOUN	 reptiles
The convection in the interior parts of Callisto may be layered, because under the high pressures found there,	,	PUNCT	water	NOUN	 water
After her sea trials were complete, West Honaker sailed to Savannah, Georgia, where she began carrying cotton	cotton	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The three cent silver exists only as a close 3. Of coins struck for circulation, Yeoman's highest	highest	ADJ	listings	NOUN	 listings
The city of Fairbanks, Alaska saw high water levels, while the towns of Nenana, Salcha, and	and	CCONJ	Old	PROPN	 Old
The show remained focused on developing Miss Rosa's cancer storyline and her illness progressed to terminal stages. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Promoters like Lord Silvers and Mighty Dragon, however, kept the popular tradition alive through shows at the Globe	Globe	PROPN	Theatre	PROPN	 Theatre
Watino is an unincorporated area within Birch Hills County and the traffic volume declines to between 800 and 900 vpd	vpd	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is a ballad that incorporates elements of blues, gospel and opera. Jackson had a long standing history	history	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The variant was mostly used as a trainer and at least twenty four production variants were produced before production ceased	ceased	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
There is not much poetry in the world like this; Tolkien finishes by arguing that Beowulf " has its	its	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
The injury required him to miss four league matches, as well as a Coupe de France match. In	In	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
" Animal ethics and the political ". Critical Review of International Social and Political Philosophy. doi: 10.1080	10.1080	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The station is located along Zuchongzhi Road and is located between the Tangzhen station and the Jinke Road station on	on	ADP	Line	PROPN	 Line
According to one campus legend taught to students during freshman orientation, the statue was originally to be positioned with	with	ADP	Will	PROPN	 Will
Lisberger also stated that while the original Tron " reflected the way cyberspace was ", the sequel was "	"	PUNCT	going	VERB	 going
During its run, fans noticed this and called the show out for the error; in later episodes she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The ship spent the bulk of her career in the Mediterranean and was assigned to the International Squadron off the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
Between 750 and 1,000 Egyptians were killed in the battle for Port Said. The US Eisenhower administration condemned the	the	DET	tripartite	ADJ	 tripartite
In addition to checkmate, the game can be won by voluntary resignation by the opponent, which typically occurs	occurs	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
The detonations and clouds of choking black smoke generated when firing them presented a serious physical hazard to the gun	gun	NOUN	crews	NOUN	 crews
Ng Fung Sheung, a social science lecturer of the City University of Hong Kong, explained that Hong Kong	Kong	PROPN	people	NOUN	 people
Jackson, a relief pitcher for the majority of his career, compiled a career earned run average (ERA	ERA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Humphreys also received lots of letters of support from the Hartlepool fans. When Humphreys returned to pre season training	training	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
While recognized as scriptural, terms such as Church of God are avoided to avoid confusion or identification with other	other	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
There wasn't much pretense, though those glamazon outfits blinded in the best way possible. Instead, there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
If X is any finite simplicial complex with finite fundamental group, in particular if X is a sphere of	of	ADP	dimension	NOUN	 dimension
In 1922, the Washington Naval Treaty was signed, after which the United States Navy began to take an	an	DET	interest	NOUN	 interest
When Elsa exiles herself from the kingdom after inadvertently sending Arendelle into an eternal winter on the evening of her	her	PRON	coronation	NOUN	 coronation
As recalled by Aguilera, " I wrote this song when I was 20, 21, and it was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The IDA uses the World Bank's Country Policy and Institutional Assessment (CPIA) development indicator to determine each	each	DET	country	NOUN	 country
" The roof timbers, he commented, were " closely set together, light in section, but producing	producing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Each stage contains one main boss at the end; defeating the stage's boss will earn the player a	a	DET	special	ADJ	 special
He began to teach the king basic Hebrew, and gave him an ornate Torah and yad that he had	had	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
Macleod had his way, but by that time Home was no longer at the Commonwealth Relations Office. In	In	ADP	1960	NUM	 1960
The episode features cultural references to films such as Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and	and	CCONJ	Love	VERB	 Love
During the end song, Homer can be seen dancing along but not singing; this was because the producers	producers	NOUN	forgot	VERB	 forgot
Hugh supported the building campaign of Salisbury Cathedral, ordering that money be collected throughout his diocese. Likewise,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Although Hart returned to play in the Paul Bunyan Trophy game against Michigan State on November 3, he left	left	VERB	the	DET	 the
There are 21,269 households out of which 29.5% have children under the age of 18 living with them,	,	PUNCT	54.6	NUM	 54.6
The sculptor had been awarded the reverse of the quarter only provisionally, and he prepared a series of studies	studies	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Below Shoshone Falls, the economy centered on salmon, who often came up the river in enormous numbers.	.	PUNCT	Salmon	PROPN	 Salmon
On November 16, 2009, the paper was abruptly shut down because of the financial status of its parent	parent	NOUN	company	NOUN	 company
What is involved is starving children and for once, relief through 35 musicians who should represent the feeling of	of	ADP	anyone	PRON	 anyone
In literature, the battle has played a central role in the 1968 novel Sea Road to Camperdown by Showell	Showell	PROPN	Styles	PROPN	 Styles
There is evidence of widows engaging in independent economic activity. They can be found keeping schools, brewing ale	ale	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The Harrowing " was watched by 833,000 people, which was 4.7% of the audience. This was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
They allocate MACN RN 975 to the gondwanathere Ferugliotherium and consequently, they argue that Argentodites most likely represents either	either	CCONJ	Ferugliotherium	PROPN	 Ferugliotherium
Brownlee advocated deep cuts in spending to bring them under control, and, when Greenfield demurred, began to	to	PART	cut	VERB	 cut
Shortly after that, a tropical storm warning east of Progreso was removed. All warnings for Mexico were discontinued	discontinued	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The quality of wine differed considerably according to vintage, the type of grape and more importantly, the number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In this session, the remodelled Glasgow, Dumfries and Carlisle Railway got its authorising Act of Parliament (on	on	ADP	13	NUM	 13
The Watson case depicted in the episode was based on the real life 1988 Baltimore slaying of Latonya Kim Wallace	Wallace	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Suddenly, in the middle of the 1933 – 34 season, Chapman died of pneumonia. His work was	was	AUX	left	VERB	 left
And my players were there and they came to my rescue to be able to get me up. "	"	PUNCT	Soon	ADV	 Soon
The rule based sandhi behaviour of tones in compounds has not yet been clearly defined by linguists. A double	double	ADJ	hyphen	NOUN	 hyphen
A tropical disturbance was first noted southeast of Puerto Rico on September 24. Moving to the northwest at 10	10	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
Wyoming was very busy, training thousands of anti aircraft gunners on weapons ranging from light.50 caliber (12.7 mm	mm	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The more constant cross veins are the humeral cross vein (h) between costa and subcosta, the radial	radial	PROPN	cross	PROPN	 cross
On June 10, 2016, Sony confirmed that a hardware revision of PlayStation 4, rumored to be codenamed	codenamed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In July 2001, Uncut placed the song at number 43 on its list of " The 50 Greatest Beatles	Beatles	NOUN	Tracks	NOUN	 Tracks
One drowning death was reported in the state. In Louisiana, extensive coastal flooding occurred, with miles of	of	ADP	roads	NOUN	 roads
The clips highlighted the use of extreme profanities, and scenes that show a violent bashing, a cold blooded	blooded	ADJ	murder	NOUN	 murder
The first storm of the 2003 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, it developed over the Bay of Bengal on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Chase's decision to end the last episode abruptly with just a black screen was controversial. While Chase has	has	AUX	insisted	VERB	 insisted
A basidiocarp is formed in which club like structures known as basidia generate haploid basidiospores after karyogamy and meiosis.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On 9 March 1909 the first type A was the lead car in the procession at the tramway systems official	official	ADJ	opening	NOUN	 opening
In 1883 Andrew Rosewater, brother of newspaper owner Edward Rosewater, became city engineer and began an ambitious project	project	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 1984, Johnson had surgery for a herniated disk, an injury he suffered during training camp, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Multiple utility companies serve the county. Electricity is provided by the Harrison Rural Electric Membership Cooperative (REMC)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
For a hundredth episode, average simply isn't good enough. While the shooting of Daniel at the end	end	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
By 1901, the family had moved to nearby Govanhill, and Jimmy worked as a clerk. It was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
" Chatwin's biographer described the resulting prose as " quick snapshots of ordinary people. " Along with Hemingway	Hemingway	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
At a February 1949 conference of officials from local governments in the South West region it was decided to once	once	ADV	more	ADJ	 more
The surprising release caused " hilarious, honest and hysterical " reaction among Beyoncé's fans, and " shock	shock	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A plan from 1684 shows the hall in the house's centre, with service rooms to the west and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In December 2014, Paste named his Twitter one of the " The 75 Best Twitter Accounts of 2014 "	"	PUNCT	ranking	VERB	 ranking
In all subsequent reports, both captains continually insisted that the other ship had fired the first shot. Reaching	Reaching	VERB	a	DET	 a
In some strips, he tried to sell " great ideas ", and in one earlier strip, he	he	PRON	attempted	VERB	 attempted
" One of his godparents was Bishop Jean de Crois. The name the Black Prince chose for his eldest	eldest	ADJ	son	NOUN	 son
One day you will dance with a man who deserves your love ". In a TV Fanatic round table	table	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Holst's interest in Indian mythology, shared by many of his contemporaries, first became musically evident in the	the	DET	opera	NOUN	 opera
) The convoy was south of the Balearic Islands on course for Cap Bon at daybreak and at about 06	06	NUM	:	SYM	:
Descriptions of the prostitutes and where to find them were provided by Harris's List of Covent Garden Ladies,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The coin commemorates not only the ship Viribus Unitis, but also the three main arms of the Austro Hungarian	Hungarian	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
In January 2010, Harvard played against Santa Clara University at the Leavey Center, just 15 miles from his	his	PRON	hometown	NOUN	 hometown
He worked as youth team coach at Bristol Rovers, spent 18 months as academy director at Kidderminster Harriers,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
France 2 and Enderlin issued a writ two days later. The case began in September 2006. Enderlin submitted	submitted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The season had the latest start in 30 years, with the first depression forming in January. The first	first	ADJ	storm	NOUN	 storm
The film has had excellent reviews in general. Perhaps playing off the film's game imagery, Rolling Stone	Stone	PROPN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
According to Capcom, many new features and refinements, such as the addition of a spectator mode and tweaks	tweaks	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In the 1970s, several U.S. high school teachers who assigned the book were fired or forced to resign.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Both ships ' measures were too late to avoid a collision; Melbourne hit Voyager at 8: 56 pm	pm	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fellow aggregate site Metacritic gave the film a score of 61 / 100 based on 23 critic reviews indicating "	"	PUNCT	generally	ADV	 generally
Although a Marxist, he befriended prominent anarchist activists Stepniak and Peter Kropotkin, and came to be influenced by	by	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The final major work of Edward Schroeder Prior, it is one of the last examples of the Neo Byzantine	Byzantine	PROPN	style	NOUN	 style
5 September marked a turn in the rebels ' fortunes, despite the arrival of the southern fleet a day	day	NOUN	earlier	ADV	 earlier
Manu hit my hand. It was a lucky bounce. " The Mavericks advanced to the Western Conference Finals	Finals	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the album's first single " Smells Like Teen Spirit " quickly gained momentum, thanks in part	part	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
They named the character Diana in a homage to the role she played in V. The writers did not know	know	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Nonant served in the household of Thomas Becket while Becket was Archbishop of Canterbury, and went into exile with	with	ADP	Becket	PROPN	 Becket
The holotype specimen is a mandibular symphysis, with the specimen number UMZC 577a. Other known remains include upper	upper	ADJ	mandibles	NOUN	 mandibles
In 1948, Breathitt earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration. On December 20, 1948,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Dulli's lyrics incorporate haunting refrains and express angst and melodrama. His baritone vocals are moaningly husky and feature	feature	VERB	falsetto	NOUN	 falsetto
Previously, a Bypass US 131 (BYP US 131) designation was used on the beltline system following 28th	28th	ADJ	Street	PROPN	 Street
Back in Florence, Cosimo III had the Tuscan envoy report on Marguerite Louise's every movement, which he	he	PRON	closely	ADV	 closely
Another example she gave of this is how the antagonist Tigerstar, even with all of his faults, is	is	AUX	still	ADV	 still
To create the sounds he sought, Adams augmented the orchestra with a large saxophone section, additional percussion,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The atmosphere has a mass of 4.8 × 1020 kg, about 93 times the mass of the Earth's	's	PART	total	ADJ	 total
Watson consistently outperformed its human opponents on the game's signaling device, but had trouble in a few categories	categories	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
All modern Sussex Spaniels are descended from the dogs she saved. In 1947, only ten Sussex Spaniels were	were	AUX	registered	VERB	 registered
It was formally named the Metropolitan Police Office, but became quickly known as Great Scotland Yard, and eventually	eventually	ADV	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
The EFF advert had also highlighted police brutality, using interviews and photographs related to the Marikana massacre and the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Australia won the toss and batted first in the Second Test at Lord's. They were on the back	back	ADJ	foot	NOUN	 foot
Sagan had come second in E3 Harelbeke and first in Gent – Wevelgem. He had the advantage of being	being	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
The second operation, called scalar multiplication takes any scalar a and any vector v and gives another vector av	av	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Lawton branch of the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) offers a wide variety of recreational programs	programs	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
On the day's first climb, Bouhanni lost several minutes due to his stomach illness; after 90 kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
On 24 June 1875 he and four friends rowed down the Danube before camping for the night at the site	site	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He became the third pitcher in 20 years to throw at least four scoreless innings of relief in a postseason	postseason	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
They were scheduled to defend the titles against Harlem Heat in the MGM Grand Garden Arena on October 24,	,	PUNCT	1999	NUM	 1999
Two years later Grant signed a modified Senate version of the Arnell Bill into law. The law required that	that	SCONJ	all	DET	 all
The lodgepole pines found throughout the Yellowstone Plateau high country grow in uninterrupted dense stands averaging similar ages in various	various	ADJ	groupings	NOUN	 groupings
Perez defeated Wilson in that match as well as a rematch later that week on Smackdown!, with the	the	DET	help	NOUN	 help
Cottage gardens are always associated with roses: shrub roses, climbing roses, and old garden roses with lush	lush	ADJ	foliage	NOUN	 foliage
The results proved that these turtles have locating abilities similar to that of a rat. This was also proved	proved	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Following the airing of the report, the Community United Against Violence (CUAV), a San Francisco group	group	NOUN	dedicated	VERB	 dedicated
Dye tests of the fabric showed that the old uniforms took three colors well: blue gray, gold,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
That act also affected another previously designated moniker between the two cities. The Roberts Linton Highway was named in	in	ADP	1931	NUM	 1931
The producers of the film wanted Blondie to perform the title song: the band wrote a song titled "	"	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
He praised Smith and Gillan, though he noted that Amy did not have much character development, and considered	considered	VERB	Darvill	PROPN	 Darvill
" Baby Boy " achieved success on Billboard crossover and mainstream radio charts, appearing on the Top 40 Tracks	Tracks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Forced as a result to leave school to work in a factory, Dickens based several of his characters on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Croatian towns and villages were intermittently attacked by artillery, or missiles. As the JNA disengaged in Croatia,	,	PUNCT	its	PRON	 its
The research was corroborated in a 2011 paper by Michael Gowanlock, who calculated the frequency of supernova surviving planets	planets	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Davout's soldiers had 48 hours to march 110 km (68 mi). Their arrival was crucial in	in	ADP	determining	VERB	 determining
It was designed by Daniel Eatock. From 19 May, Channel 4 began uploading teaser clips to the official	official	ADJ	Big	PROPN	 Big
I feel I'm just as good as he is. " Bell later recalled: " Those two games	games	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Despite not winning militarily, the Russians may have scored a diplomatic triumph. Other authors, such as Hellie	Hellie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tarrare was ordered as his first assignment to carry a message to a French colonel imprisoned by the Prussians near	near	ADP	Neustadt	PROPN	 Neustadt
Barrick Gold acquired the mine in 1994 and continued to extract and process ore at what became known as the	the	DET	Barrick	PROPN	 Barrick
Neela Debnath, writing for The Independent, called " The Trial of Elizabeth Gadge " a " hilariously dark	dark	ADJ	little	ADJ	 little
Its orbital period is thought to be 66.87 days long, with a semi major axis of 0.21847 with an	an	DET	unconfirmed	ADJ	 unconfirmed
When former LSU head coach Nick Saban was hired in the same capacity at Alabama, their annual contest became	became	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Zeta Aurigae was spectroscopically determined to be a double star by Antonia Maury in 1897 and was confirmed as a	a	DET	binary	ADJ	 binary
This was the beginning of a new war for Specht – the 8th USAAF was starting its bombing offensive on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Séance Time " began with the idea of a séance, an idea the writers had wanted to explore	explore	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" Roger Ebert criticised the focus on gadgets, declaring that the James Bond formula " fails to work its	its	PRON	magic	NOUN	 magic
Both sides were using the POWs for propaganda... It's not something that I will apologize for. "	"	PUNCT	Fonda	PROPN	 Fonda
" We […] were amazed, angry, morose, and bewildered, " Rex Stewart, Fletcher	Fletcher	PROPN	's	PART	's
A win against Georgia preceded a loss to No. 2 Alabama on a last second blocked field goal and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
At an American Legion national convention in Minneapolis during November 1919, cities sent representatives to lobby to become the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Chhinnamasta may have a lolling tongue. Her hair is loose and dishevelled and sometimes decorated with flowers. Alternately	Alternately	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The amount of damage depends on vent location, topography, and volume of magma erupted. Pyroclastic flows from	from	ADP	vents	NOUN	 vents
Thomas went with Catesby to confront Tresham on the matter, threatening to " hang him " if he did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
The dead were reported to include Hanna Gaddafi, the adoptive daughter of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi; two of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Astronomers have not excluded the possibility of an object with a mass similar to that of Earth located further than	than	ADP	100	NUM	 100
According to his biographer, he voted self interest first and conservative positions second, resisting Populist ideas in vogue	vogue	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Similarly, Carey performed the song live on the German talent show, Deutschland sucht den Superstar (Germany searches	searches	VERB	for	ADP	 for
He added that he refused to be hosted on Al Manar and Al Alam News Network, because " their	their	PRON	rhetoric	NOUN	 rhetoric
He ended the season five days short of qualifying for free agency. López reached the playoffs as the Giants	Giants	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
" Following Apostolidès's work, French psychoanalyst Serge Tisseron examined the series in his books Tintin et les Secrets	Secrets	PROPN	de	X	 de
Latter day B movies still sometimes inspire multiple sequels, but series are less common. As the average running	running	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
It formed on October 14 in the western Caribbean, slowly organizing as it tracked northwestward. By October 16	16	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Rare Breeds Survival Trust of the UK lists 22 native breeds as having only 3,000 registered animals (each	each	PRON	)	PUNCT	)
The earliest documentary reference to Keynsham is in the Anglo Saxon Chronicle, (c. 980) which refers to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
The vast majority of FBO / Robertson Cole pictures, produced during either the silent era or the transitional period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He followed this up with another edition the following year to which he persuaded Arthur Sullivan to contribute. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
In the following few hours, Cambria picked up nine more survivors; these included Luce and two companions,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bruntwood Park has a variety of facilities, including orienteering, an 18 hole, par 3 pitch and putt	putt	ADJ	golf	NOUN	 golf
Lauren McGuire, at the age of 27, became the RNLI's youngest station manager in 2011, at	at	ADP	Clovelly	PROPN	 Clovelly
Production of Sense and Sensibility was scheduled for fifty eight days, though this was eventually extended to sixty five	five	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Graves, who had planned for such a possibility, ordered incendiary shot fired into the village, and then	then	ADV	sent	VERB	 sent
She was disarmed and hulked in 1923 and finally broken up for scrap in 1948. Combat experience in the	the	DET	First	PROPN	 First
" Juicy " was released as the lead single on August 8, 1994. It peaked at number 27	27	NUM	on	ADP	 on
In 1981, the U.S. Air Force developed a requirement for an Advanced Tactical Fighter (ATF) as a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Bradman received hundreds of personal letters every day, and one of his dinner speeches was broadcast live, causing	causing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mauboy is often referred to as Australia's answer to Beyoncé. However, she does not agree with the	the	DET	comparisons	NOUN	 comparisons
Later the film was expected to release in February 2015. The release date was speculated as 13 February 2015	2015	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The British, however, had a long tradition prior to the 1857 rebellion of executing sepoys found guilty of	of	ADP	mutiny	NOUN	 mutiny
Super Science Stories ' first issue was dated March 1940; it was bimonthly, with Astonishing Stories appearing in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The freeway, which opened in 1993, provides the primary vehicular access into Denver International Airport which opened at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2000, FIU attained the highest ranking in the Carnegie Foundation classification system, that of " Doctoral /	/	SYM	Research	PROPN	 Research
Hanbun no Tsuki ga Noboru Sora (2010) as Mirai Natsume Confessions (2010) as Manami Moriguchi Ghost	Ghost	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Fauxlivia becomes distressed at Walternate's actions, and later returns to Liberty Island to obtain the devices to allow	allow	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In 2004, Variety announced that Valhalla Motion Pictures and Kismet Entertainment Group were collaborating to produce a remake Black	Black	PROPN	Sabbath	PROPN	 Sabbath
It was described as having an aroma of hops, sulphur and grapefruit, with a salty, moreish and	and	CCONJ	zesty	ADJ	 zesty
The King receives a gift from the king of Burma, a lovely slave girl named Tuptim, to be	be	AUX	one	NUM	 one
This theatre is one of the 40 theatres featured in the 2012 DVD documentary series Great West End Theatres,	,	PUNCT	presented	VERB	 presented
Daphne gave up her career as a stripper to run the coffee shop, which her grandfather Harry Henderson (	(	PUNCT	Johnny	PROPN	Johnny
Popularly portrayed as a Viking warrior rather than a medieval monarch, Magnus was the last Norwegian king to fall	fall	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the century following his death, Maylam's book on hoodening became difficult to obtain and expensive to purchase	purchase	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Following the car briefly being stop searched by the police, the rappers drive to a mansion and enter a	a	DET	party	NOUN	 party
VanDerWerff was similarly unimpressed: " dumb and unnecessary ". Chaney wrote that the number " was a high	high	ADJ	energy	NOUN	 energy
About 10,000 citrus trees were destroyed, and crop damage was estimated at $2.5 million. About 500 people	people	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The SFWMD built Stormwater Treatment Areas (STAs) near sugarcane fields where water leaving the EAA flows into ponds	ponds	NOUN	lined	VERB	 lined
Nevertheless, Hitler decided that neither Kesselring nor Paulus could be spared from their current posts. In October 1942	1942	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They refined its size, revealing it was larger than Saturn's moon Titan, which was previously thought to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
The game was designed to be simple, as Takumi wanted it to be easy enough for even his mother	mother	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In later years, he also displayed proficiency at tennis, in which critics thought he could have reached a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
The task of holding Tri Thien and Huế was entrusted to the ARVN 1st Division (South Vietnam),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The southern end of Highway 19 begins at Highway 3 in Tillsonburg, while the northern end terminates 400 metres	metres	NOUN	north	ADV	 north
Bellette married artist and critic Paul Haefliger in 1935. The couple moved to Majorca in 1957; although she	she	PRON	visited	VERB	 visited
In addition, people treated with argatroban for HIT showed a relative risk reduction of the above clinical outcomes to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Several countries were reluctant to send their own troops to Sierra Leone without contributions from Western nations, and felt	felt	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The list includes G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, Marie Eline,	,	PUNCT	Violet	PROPN	 Violet
He argued that such a law would imply that intolerance could base itself upon evidence. The effect of the	the	DET	proposed	VERB	 proposed
His performances were so strong that Somerset chose to release Spurway at the start of the 2007 season, and	and	CCONJ	named	VERB	 named
Although he was not influenced by the sound or the philosophy of the music, Cage's explorations of indeterminacy	indeterminacy	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
Jack Hallam appeared to score in the first half, but the referee disallowed the goal, having spotted that	that	SCONJ	Hallam	PROPN	 Hallam
Due to the radiation hazard posed to aircrew, and people on the ground in the event of a crash	crash	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Peloponnesians sailed home, but the Athenians remained to attack the Chersonesos, still held by the Persians.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This way, the smoke, odors and bustle of the kitchen could be kept out of sight of guests	guests	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It climbs at a shallow gradient to Bwlch Main, shortly southwest of the summit, from where it climbs	climbs	VERB	more	ADV	 more
After a dinner mourning the death of Kim's bodyguards, Dave witnesses Kim's malicious side; and after	after	ADP	taking	VERB	 taking
It has been written that the marriage did not end until 1931. In the meantime, Andersen befriended a	a	DET	woman	NOUN	 woman
De Vita also stated his intention to record a sequel to Primera Fila; since many songs in his repertoire	repertoire	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In the other direction, probability theory provides tools to examine convex sets generally and the Shapley – Folkman –	–	PUNCT	Starr	PROPN	 Starr
Lockheed Martin stated that restarting the production line itself would cost about $200 million. Production tooling will be	be	AUX	documented	VERB	 documented
John Chapple, his office manager, designed most of the furnishings and furniture, and William Frame acted as	as	ADP	clerk	NOUN	 clerk
But it's good to see an entertainer who, 20 years into her career, is still trying to	to	PART	change	VERB	 change
Mike Diver at the BBC wrote an unfavorable review of the album, stating that " This assortment of acts	acts	NOUN	says	VERB	 says
His financial situation improved with the sale of two paintings, Death of Wapowski during the crowining of Henry Valois	Valois	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The American GI Forum was started to ensure the rights of Hispanic World War II veterans. Discrimination also extended	extended	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Americans were originally under the command of General Spotswood, Governor of Virginia, who was to be second	second	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Food can be stored in the backpack until it is needed. However, some types of food rot over	over	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
The next storm was Bemany, which passed east of Mauritius near peak intensity in early December. Tropical Depression	Depression	PROPN	Clera	PROPN	 Clera
On the first Irish possession that followed, the Crimson Tide held them to a three and out and forced	forced	VERB	a	DET	 a
As an expert in the use of air units to aid artillery and infantry, Gordon P. Saville held to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This effort also failed however, being repulsed as Chitts called in indirect fire from the Support Company mortars and	and	CCONJ	American	ADJ	 American
Jack's notability is largely due to his mainstream representation of a bisexual man in science fiction television, for	for	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
Crookes ' assistant was the glass blower Charles Henry Gimingham (1853 1890) who had built the experimental apparatus	apparatus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some of the most popular ZX81 games (Psion's Flight Simulation being an example) were rewritten for the	the	DET	Spectrum	PROPN	 Spectrum
He was then appearing in the TV series Follyfoot, but was written out of three episodes to appear in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At around 2: 45 AM, they came into contact with Abd el Hamid's left flank battalion,	,	PUNCT	positioned	VERB	 positioned
Burnley continued their good form into 1921, beating Preston North End away before achieving two victories against local rivals	rivals	NOUN	Blackburn	PROPN	 Blackburn
Playing only two games with the Bruins in the 1957 – 58 season, O'Ree returned in 1960 – 61	61	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The hotpot was cooked in a specially crafted 12 ft by 7 ft tin, weighing 200 kilos. 2008	2008	NUM	saw	VERB	 saw
Among the wounded was Commodore Hood, who was shot in the right forearm, the ball eventually lodging in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Australian ravens are intelligent birds, and like many other corvids have innovative methods of seeking out food. Foraging	Foraging	NOUN	takes	VERB	 takes
" Hot to the Touch " was written and storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar, from a story	story	NOUN	developed	VERB	 developed
In the absence of males, females are also capable of asexual reproduction. Normally wary of humans, blacktip	blacktip	NOUN	sharks	NOUN	 sharks
In 2009, the outdoor pool was renovated by a team filming for the American TV programme Ty's Great	Great	ADJ	British	PROPN	 British
Hermaphroditism appeared in medical literature enough to be considered common knowledge, although cases were rare. Homoerotic elements in	in	ADP	literature	NOUN	 literature
The coroner, Gavin Thurston, told the Westminster inquest that Epstein's death was caused by an overdose of	of	ADP	Carbitral	PROPN	 Carbitral
A proportion of flowers have a true leaf at this junction instead, and are described as auxotelic. Each	Each	DET	individual	ADJ	 individual
Elaine Liner, television critic with the Corpus Christi Caller Times, described Williams ' performance as " heartbreaking "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
... R had set up his orchestra on the stairs, and thus consecrated our Tribschen forever! " This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The data were published as a letter in the The Lancet in October 1999, co authored by Ewen.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The use of the ' Tainted Love ' sample was well received by critics. Ruth Jamieson of The Observer	Observer	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
The NK 9th and 4th divisions were not able to resume the offensive. Just after midnight on September 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The IMD upgraded it to Super Cyclonic Storm Gonu late on June 4, with peak 3 min sustained winds	winds	NOUN	reaching	VERB	 reaching
In mid July 1941, the Communist Party of Yugoslavia (Serbo Croatian: Komunistička Partija Jugoslavije, KPJ)	)	PUNCT	initiated	VERB	 initiated
I was appalled when they were soon returned, red inked in many places where he had told of his	his	PRON	almost	ADV	 almost
In the early 2000s, she began working with a group called the Sahel Hawl Blues made up of ten	ten	NUM	young	ADJ	 young
Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva declared three days of national mourning. The Flight Data Recorder and a	a	DET	non	ADJ	 non
Paul came in 5th place in both the January 4 Iowa caucuses (10% of votes cast) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Consisting primarily of small unit actions which resulted in disproportionately heavy casualties for the Australians, throughout the course of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It explores the references to history, legends, and literature in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter novels. Colbert	Colbert	PROPN	conceived	VERB	 conceived
... I Did It Again. The tour received positive critical appreciation. During the tour, Spears was accused	accused	VERB	of	ADP	 of
... He can seem irresistibly funny in repose or invest minor slapstick opportunities with a streak of genius ".	.	PUNCT	David	PROPN	 David
Statistics below are for all time leaders. Statistics are for regular season only. Bold indicates active MLS players	players	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The CDJ was only one of dozens of organised resistance groups that provided support to hidden Jews. Other groups	groups	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The brigade's Headquarters Company managed the engineer battalions but it also undertook its own missions, including humanitarian missions	missions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Many of these Jews settled in Eastern Europe, especially Poland. Following the Spanish Inquisition in 1492, the	the	DET	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
The station also served a local yard for train storage for the branch line via a wye. At Essex	Essex	PROPN	Fells	PROPN	 Fells
For his part in the potential marriage alliance, Henry II transferred the castles of Chinon, Loudun and Mirebeau	Mirebeau	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
They evacuated through the rice fields, taking their dead and wounded comrades. Vann wanted to use a C	C	PROPN	47	NUM	 47
In spite of the idiomatic meaning, some grammarians, including Huddleston & Pullum (2002): 274, do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
This caused friction between Landis and Universal later in the production, as its costs far exceeded the original budget	budget	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The school has been deemed a three time California Distinguished School, a National School of Character, and a	a	DET	two	NUM	 two
She debuted on screen during the episode airing on 26 September 2006 and was introduced by series producer Bryan Kirkwood	Kirkwood	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
For example, the 1960s television show depicted a Batboat, Bat Sub, and Batcycle, among other bat	bat	NOUN	themed	VERB	 themed
Contemporary reviewers tended to neglect the Carry Brattle subplot and focus on Mary Lowther, whose conduct was criticised by	by	ADP	Blackwood	PROPN	 Blackwood
France too began to drift away from Metternich's non interventionist position. In August 1826 Russian Foreign Minister Nesselrode	Nesselrode	PROPN	rejected	VERB	 rejected
" The video game version of Mona Sax was critically acclaimed for being one of " relatively complex, non	non	ADJ	stereotypical	ADJ	 stereotypical
Clarke sees the change as something more fundamental, the increases in dissonance and atonality in Priam being representative of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
In an interview with MTV News, Carey described the album's content, as well as its influences:	:	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The name " Pongsona " was contributed by North Korea for the Pacific tropical cyclone list and is the Korean	Korean	ADJ	name	NOUN	 name
They follow Columbia Avenue to Skyline Drive where the highway passes the western side of the W. K. Kellogg Airport	Airport	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The match started off with Nitro and Haas in the ring. Haas took the advantage in the match and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The first six were built by Kitson & Co in Leeds in 1884, followed by three similar but lighter	lighter	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The remnants of Gerda moved northeastward and then to the east, before dissipating between Newfoundland and the Azores late	late	ADV	on	ADP	 on
As a consequence, the Howes were only granted the ability to issue pardons and amnesties, but not to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Spears ended the performance with her and her dancers posing in the middle of the three ring stage as a	a	DET	red	ADJ	 red
Leah Rozen of People stated that the film " has imagination, humor aplenty and moves briskly ", and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The album received mixed reviews and limited radio play. Low sales outside the UK put pressure on their contract	contract	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Prior to the draft, the Bears met with 37 players; 25 had private visits, 6 met at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In February 1918 the USSB assigned Kroonland to the transport fleet as an U.S. Army Chartered Transport (USACT)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Homer also tries to look for normal flavors of ice cream among the unusually named flavors at the " Ken	Ken	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
His story and name have been used in literary works, and a monument to him stands in the Cimetière	Cimetière	PROPN	des	X	 des
New York City's film office does not allow weekday film shoots on Wall Street. Moore had permission to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
As it started, so it finished ". Ignorant's lineup for the tour were Gizz Butt, Carol	Carol	PROPN	Hodge	PROPN	 Hodge
A series of matches followed to determine the current Australian sculling Champion, who would defend the World Title.	.	PUNCT	Laycock	PROPN	 Laycock
Director Thomas J. Wright would go on to direct twenty six episodes across all three seasons. Wright would also	also	ADV	direct	VERB	 direct
Just over two years to that day, Wallhead rematched Jenkins in a kickboxing bout (thus not counting towards	towards	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Bell couldn't decide whether she enjoyed these three songs or the Troubletones mash up more, and West felt	felt	VERB	the	DET	 the
Russian Toys can also be shown and earn Certificate of Merit Points at FSS Open shows. In 2008,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1876 Colonel Eli Lilly opened a new pharmaceutical laboratory in Indianapolis, founding what later became Eli Lilly and	and	CCONJ	Company	PROPN	 Company
Replacement of partial access in central Harrison with service roads, a new interchange, and an overpass (to	to	PART	improve	VERB	 improve
Tom Welling, after twice turning down the producers ' attempts to get him to audition for the role of	of	ADP	Clark	PROPN	 Clark
After 13 completions in 23 attempts, Tolliver ran the ball late in the game and broke his collarbone,	,	PUNCT	sidelining	VERB	 sidelining
The edition was released on 14 December 2011 and was exclusive to the Xbox 360. Murray stood by his	his	PRON	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
Pain was an early supporter of King Stephen, although he was said initially to have been afraid to appear	appear	VERB	at	ADP	 at
It earned Mendelssohn widespread acclaim at the age of 20. It also led to one of the few references	references	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The following year, the college student body selected crimson as the official school color. The administration in 1905	1905	NUM	took	VERB	 took
" F.E.A.R. ' s heads up display crosshair's size dynamically shows where shots will fall based on movement,	,	PUNCT	aim	VERB	 aim
She also clarified it was not her intent to present suicide in any sort of positive light. The video	video	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After much persuasion, the Brahmin relents on the condition that the saint do an impossible task of cultivating and	and	CCONJ	harvesting	VERB	 harvesting
The ACE in the east Pacific proper (140° W to North America) is given; the ACE	ACE	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In the Soviet Union, ZX Spectrum clones were assembled by thousands of small start ups and distributed through poster	poster	NOUN	ads	NOUN	 ads
When the compacted mass of the inert core exceeds the Chandrasekhar limit of about 1.4 M ☉, electron degeneracy	degeneracy	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The 5th Light Horse regimental commander was informed at 11: 40 by 2nd Light Horse Brigade headquarters that,	,	PUNCT	unless	SCONJ	 unless
Recycling is also a source, mostly from scrapped catalytic converters. The numerous applications and limited supply sources result	result	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Manning found it easier to create male characters, and in general her novels tend to minimise differences in gender	gender	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In November 2009, Specter introduced a bill to require televising U.S. Supreme Court proceedings, and explained that "	"	PUNCT	[	X	 [
Finn later explained that one of the first things he did was to take control of a machine gun from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It passes under California State Route 73, which crosses the valley on an earthfill and a bridge segment.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
David Masson, a professor of literature at the University of Edinburgh, is often reported (perhaps apocryphally)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The Seaford – Oyster Bay Expressway was shut down from Merrick Road to the Southern State Parkway. Police reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Mercer was wounded three times and died early on June 3; Williams was wounded in the face and head	head	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This all led to a WrestleMania XXVII match and a Last Man Standing match at Extreme Rules both of which	which	PRON	Punk	PROPN	 Punk
Gradius, with its iconic protagonist, defined the side scrolling shoot ' em up and spawned a series spanning	spanning	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
At first he was unrepentant but in 2004 he admitted to the BBC that he regretted burning the money.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In early 2013, reports indicated that HTC was preparing to unveil a Facebook oriented smartphone with the revised codename	codename	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It describes the events leading up to the Nanking Massacre and the atrocities that were committed. The book presents	presents	VERB	the	DET	 the
I was glad that this storyline wasn ’ t dragged out too much, as Tom and Lynette were both	both	PRON	able	ADJ	 able
The significance of Lichtenstein's choice of the brushstroke as a subject is expressed by analogy: "... the	the	DET	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
This presented an opportunity for Mulder to confront his partner with the fact that he is normally right, resulting	resulting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
So when he was unexpectedly offered a place on the Beagle expedition, as a gentleman naturalist he was well	well	ADV	suited	ADJ	 suited
Other fish of the abyssal zone include the fishes of the Ipnopidae family, which includes the abyssal spiderfish (	(	PUNCT	Bathypterois	PROPN	Bathypterois
The wider region has one of the biggest aerospace hubs in the UK, centred on Airbus, Rolls Royce	Royce	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Immediately after the race, bookmakers offered Ladas at odds of 8 / 13 (0.62 / 1) for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thus the Oregon Supreme Court can hear appeals for cases based on both federal and state law. Although the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The expectation was that in spite of the lack of numerical superiority, they would force the Dutch back to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is a two story brick building with an iron roof and 12 panel windows. John Archer was the	the	DET	Inn	PROPN	 Inn
For those of us that did step onto the Fringe elevator early, it's a great ride, but	but	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The series was heavily followed as it pitted Ovechkin of the Capitals against both Crosby and Malkin, who together	together	ADV	finished	VERB	 finished
This event creating a sustainable and reliable relationship with the general public is a significant part of THSRC ’ s	s	VERB	corporate	ADJ	 corporate
The economy of Puri is dependent on tourism to the extent of about 80 percent. The temple is the	the	DET	focal	ADJ	 focal
High mountains present barriers to east west movement of the turtles within the province or from Alberta. Some literature	literature	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
With the ROK army in retreat, the 766th Regiment, 549th Unit, and KPA's 5th Divisions all	all	PRON	advanced	ADJ	 advanced
Leaving here on excellent terms with the hierarchy, fantastic memories & many formed friendships. Good luck to all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
As it became uncertain whether the 26th would be able to force their way across, a company from the	the	DET	2	NUM	 2
About 65 percent of the population of Germany was Protestant when the Nazis seized power in 1933. Under the	the	DET	Gleichschaltung	PROPN	 Gleichschaltung
4 June 2012 — Seyssins to Saint Vallier, 187 km (116.2 mi) With no fewer than six	six	NUM	categorised	VERB	 categorised
The 23rd Battalion was one of those chosen and it was linked with the 21st Battalion to become the 23rd	23rd	ADJ	/	SYM	 /
Python has been successfully embedded in many software products as a scripting language, including in finite element method software	software	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The bridge, designed by American suspension bridge engineer Leon Moisseiff, began construction on November 23, 1938,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Lapidus identifies Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell) as a " local " and in response to the return of	of	ADP	Charlotte	PROPN	 Charlotte
Instead, Berkman was buried in a common grave in Cochez Cemetery in Nice. Berkman died weeks before the	the	DET	start	NOUN	 start
Although a few diagrams, pictures and descriptions of this process exist, the fate of the cornerstone is not	not	PART	mentioned	VERB	 mentioned
A further 40 units were ordered — 20 from Strømmens Værksted and 20 license built by Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk. The	The	DET	various	ADJ	 various
The two part trust structure (primary and secondary trusts) explained by Lord Wilberforce in Quistclose does not appear	appear	VERB	elsewhere	ADV	 elsewhere
Oort noted that there was a peak in numbers of long period comets with aphelia (their farthest distance from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In total, Philipp flew 130 missions over England. His number of aerial victories increased, including his 12th	12th	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
She left Hampton Roads on 9 March 1907, bound for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. There, she and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Discovered in 1925, rhenium was the last stable element to be discovered. It was named after the river	river	NOUN	Rhine	PROPN	 Rhine
Strombidae's taxonomy was extensively revised in the 2000s and a few subgenera, including Eustrombus, were elevated to	to	ADP	genus	NOUN	 genus
Post fermented tea Teas that are allowed to undergo a second oxidation after the fixation of the tea leaves,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
The rediscovery and reconstruction of Borobudur has been hailed by Indonesian Buddhist as the sign of the Buddhist revival in	in	ADP	Indonesia	PROPN	 Indonesia
The Treasury contends that this tax change was crucial to long term economic growth. Brown's 2000 Spending Review	Review	PROPN	outlined	VERB	 outlined
One colleague, E. H. Neville, later remarked that " not one [theorem] could have been set	set	VERB	in	ADP	 in
King John enjoyed regular hunting in the Forest each November, and used St Briavels Castle as his base for	for	ADP	such	ADJ	 such
Pulmonary toxicity occurs only with exposure to partial pressures of oxygen greater than 0.5 bar (50 kPa),	,	PUNCT	corresponding	VERB	 corresponding
In other cases the town's name has been directly referred to as part of the content of songs and	and	CCONJ	novels	NOUN	 novels
Melanie Brown is shown singing on top of a tank strapped with ammunition in an industrial post apocalyptic war scene	scene	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Subsequently, in game 3 of the 2008 World Series, Ruiz tapped a ground ball up the third base	base	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
Concerned that a lack of artillery would make the presidio at Goliad impossible to capture, the central committee chose	chose	VERB	not	PART	 not
The zinc vapor is collected in a condenser. The equations below describe this process: 2 ZnO + C	C	PROPN	→	SYM	 →
When Raynor and Findlay seek Kerrigan in the ruins, she is found to have mostly returned to her human	human	ADJ	form	NOUN	 form
It is migratory, ranging from mid Alberta to North Carolina during the breeding season, and from just south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The store also included an audio CD with four vocal tracks from the game: the opening song from Cross	Cross	PROPN	Generation	PROPN	 Generation
It has also been referred to as the Underground Great Wall since it was built for the purpose of military	military	ADJ	defense	NOUN	 defense
The highway then turns southeast, passing north of Moffett, with two interchanges serving SH 64D, which heads	heads	VERB	north	ADV	 north
He helped Laisterdyke win the League championship in 1913, before moving to Wakefield for the 1914 season, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
San Francisco also has the highest percentage of same sex households of any American county, with the Bay Area	Area	PROPN	having	VERB	 having
He argued that Manstein was not compelled to disobey orders given by his sovereign government, even if such orders	orders	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Time news magazine reported that statistically the " nonskeds " in general were " more than 30 times as dangerous	dangerous	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
And so be it. " His 1981 rushing performance against the Spartans still stands as the fifth best single	single	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
The work won a Community Rail Award. Customer help points with next train information screens were installed during 2008	2008	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The Persian Rugs was me doing a complete ‘ 60s revival sort of thing. Also, in a funny	funny	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
By 1930, a highway in the location of NC 2A was added to the Moore County Highway System as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Organ pipes are made from either wood or metal and produce sound (" speak ") when air under	under	ADP	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
The base continued to remain on a high state of alert until the following morning, as efforts to identify	identify	VERB	the	DET	 the
Dani Moonstar personally recruits Anole to the Young X Men team by visiting him at his new home. Anole	Anole	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Only Madrid and a few other strongholds remained for the Republican forces. On 5 March 1939, the Republican	Republican	ADJ	army	NOUN	 army
The locomotive of the freight train was derailed towards 70052's train and tore out the sides of three passenger	passenger	NOUN	coaches	NOUN	 coaches
The Giro started in Palermo, on 16 May, with a 6.6 km (4.1 mi) prologue and	and	CCONJ	concluded	VERB	 concluded
Hamlin, the points leader before the race, led the most laps with a total of 190. On	On	ADP	lap	NOUN	 lap
His father, the previous earl and a loyal Lancastrian, was executed for a failed plot to assassinate Edward	Edward	PROPN	IV	PROPN	 IV
On the other hand, viewers said the show's portrayal of government bureaucracy was " very believable " and	and	CCONJ	had	VERB	 had
It was enough; I forgot myself, I was Mad Margaret and no one else. I made an	an	DET	immense	ADJ	 immense
The team came to an end when Kendrick was drafted back to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2008	2008	NUM	WWE	PROPN	 WWE
There is no account of Revithi's life following the marathon. Although some newspapers printed articles about her story	story	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
By December 2013, Madonna's manager Guy Oseary commented that the singer was " eager to get started "	"	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
The Wall Street Journal characterized the Rally as a " send up " of the Washington Restoring Honor rally led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Several Australian martial art school founders received their foundational taekwondo training in Rhee's school. Rhee Taekwon Do is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
The Chileans sold their oldest protected cruiser, Esmeralda, in late 1894 to finance the order of an armored	armored	ADJ	cruiser	NOUN	 cruiser
Henriques suggested that as Mason was older, intellectually superior, and the owner of a flourishing plantation as Washington	Washington	PROPN	struggled	VERB	 struggled
The route finally began construction in 1982, and in 1989 the MassDPW was forced to pay Ingersoll $2.6	2.6	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Fishery catches of smooth hammerheads are difficult to quantify due to a frequent lack of distinction between them and other	other	ADJ	large	ADJ	 large
It had numerous operational limitations, including a maximum range that increased with the aircraft's altitude and a minimum	minimum	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
Although the number is more difficult to measure in higher eukaryotes, mice and humans are estimated to have around	around	ADP	2000	NUM	 2000
Roman society had multiple, overlapping social hierarchies that modern concepts of " class " in English may not represent	represent	VERB	accurately	ADV	 accurately
By 1986, the Lexus marque was created to support the launch of the flagship sedan, and the vehicle	vehicle	NOUN	became	AUX	 became
" In a more mixed review, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music rated " Come Back to Me " three	three	NUM	stars	NOUN	 stars
Another neighbor, Ellen Adderly, the wife of Sheriff Phil Adderly, is approached by Jenny and then sees	sees	VERB	a	DET	 a
After losing 14 games and finishing last in the NHA in 1914 – 15, Vézina and the Canadiens won	won	VERB	16	NUM	 16
And he clearly refers to this entity having an intellect that humans somehow share in, which helps humans see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
The paintings also depict Klu (Naga) demigods with a human head and the body of a serpent,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
King Stephen had died in October 1154, bringing to an end the long dispute with the Empress Matilda which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
She points out that mockingbirds simply provide pleasure with their songs, saying, " They don't do one	one	NUM	thing	NOUN	 thing
' " A mixed review was given by Andy Gill of The Independent who said that " the vocal editing	editing	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Evil That Men Do: FBI Profiler Roy Hazelwood's Journey into the Minds of Sexual Predators. St.	St.	PROPN	Martin	PROPN	 Martin
Cells that produce steroid hormones can acquire cholesterol through two paths. The main source is through dietary cholesterol transported	transported	VERB	via	ADP	 via
" Yancey returned to his paper in March 1839, but sold it a couple of months later when he	he	PRON	moved	VERB	 moved
Fingleton started as a sports reporter, and had a narrow escape when he was sacked by Robert Clyde Packer	Packer	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Menem intended to use the reconciliation of these historical Argentine figures as a metaphor for the reconciliation of the Dirty	Dirty	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
The music staff at Morley was augmented by the recruitment of refugee musicians from Europe, including Walter Bergmann,	,	PUNCT	Mátyás	PROPN	 Mátyás
In June 1953, the 2nd Battalion conducted a series of successful raids about two and a half miles southeast	southeast	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The ovations for the play The Cherry Orchard in the year of his death served to demonstrate the Russian public	public	NOUN	's	PART	's
On 25 October 1973, the Akigssek (" Grouse "), an Air Greenland S 61N (registration	registration	NOUN	OY	PROPN	 OY
Veronica gets an invitation to Norris's house, but she doesn't find any weapons. Veronica calls Mac	Mac	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The airmen were informed on 13 July that they would attack Kaafjord in four days time. The British fleet	fleet	NOUN	left	VERB	 left
Published in March 2008, and tying in with the concurrently airing second series of Torchwood, Gwen appears in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Back at the Griffins ' home, Peter wraps up the story as the power comes back on. Everyone	Everyone	PRON	thanks	NOUN	 thanks
If grown and processed correctly, it has negative emission, pulling CO2 out of the atmosphere, rather than	than	ADP	adding	VERB	 adding
But Bruyn's remained a minority opinion, the suggestion of Drost's authorship is now generally rejected, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Five seven The original Five seven was introduced in 1998, and it is now discontinued. It had no	no	DET	manual	ADJ	 manual
He was a mentor to me from that point on. " During the summer of 1958, Bánáthy recruited	recruited	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Amid a generally favorable environment, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Arthur at 12: 00 UTC that same	same	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
In 1878, Edison noted that, when played backwards, " the song is still melodious in many cases	cases	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dunstan was opposed to uranium mining but he was seen as lacking in conviction by environmentalists, as well as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
These were attempts to revive the genre of medieval romance, and written in imitation of medieval prose. Morris	Morris	PROPN	's	PART	's
During the run of the Batman television series, DC editorial was approached about adding a female character back into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 22 June 1941, the Wehrmacht commenced Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union. The Luftwaffe	Luftwaffe	PROPN	order	NOUN	 order
80 were killed and 411 injured, among them officers, activists, and civilians, including children. Morales	Morales	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
The song was played in its entirety during the ending credits for the 2003 film Confidence and was also featured	featured	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Part of a sound commonly associated with Harrison during the early 1970s, these characteristics were also elements of his	his	PRON	1971	NUM	 1971
Before they got there, they were intercepted by Church officials and ordered to return to Clearwater. She spent	spent	VERB	three	NUM	 three
Barrett made his first appearance of the 2010 – 11 season in the second game, starting in a 0	0	NUM	–	SYM	 –
" Mary Elizabeth " Betty " Taylor (1824 – 1909), married William Wallace Smith Bliss in 1848	1848	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Finishing the season 51 – 31, they clinched their first Northwest Division title since 1999, but fell to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Though originally intended for theatrical release, the film failed to find theatrical distribution. It was first screened at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Gore was considered the party favorite, Bradley received a number of high profile endorsements, including senators Paul	Paul	PROPN	Wellstone	PROPN	 Wellstone
" The later sections speculate about the future evolution of this system, arguing that it will inevitably lead to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Poles were much more skeptical than they had been in 1956, Gierek was believed to be an honest	honest	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The eBook includes two chapters of Fyre, the final book in the series. Septimus Heap: The Magykal	Magykal	PROPN	Papers	PROPN	 Papers
In fact, many made English translations of Routhier's words; however, the most popular version was created	created	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Einstein's 1905 predictions were verified experimentally in several ways in the first two decades of the 20th century,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
They wanted Adam to be more animated and energetic than Tom. Writer Howard Brenton wanted him to have an	an	DET	MI6	PROPN	 MI6
However, following the release of Frozen and popularity of its heroines Elsa and Anna, even though neither of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The brigade was in reserve for the subsequent First Battle of Passchendaele, and, apart from a brief period	period	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Canada finished the tournament in fifth place. Following his release from the Los Angeles Kings in 2008, Cloutier	Cloutier	PROPN	joined	VERB	 joined
He spent the last years of his life in Hilton Head, South Carolina and at his summer home in	in	ADP	Maine	PROPN	 Maine
However, in his Essay on Typography, he proposed that his version was " perhaps an improvement " and	and	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
Off the United States, the fishing of the blacknose shark is regulated by the U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service	Service	PROPN	1993	NUM	 1993
' " Frank Lovece of Film Journal International, one of few mainstream critics to have read the comic book	book	NOUN	miniseries	NOUN	 miniseries
Since its opening in 1999, it hosted six Great Britain internationals. Since the Great Britain national rugby league	league	PROPN	team	NOUN	 team
Alexios I, who had requested only some western knights to serve as mercenaries to help fight the Seljuk Turks	Turks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is also popular in the entertainment field being used in the opening of the Tom Leykis radio show,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This incident, part of the Black Hawk War, resulted in the deaths of two men; a third	third	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
The farm's blacksmith, wheelwright, harness shops and other buildings were located around that barn, and a	a	DET	smokehouse	NOUN	 smokehouse
During the war the men and vessels of the RAN served in every theatre of operations, from the tropical	tropical	ADJ	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
This may explain why in 1751, when he became a member of the Stationers ' Company, he started	started	VERB	buying	VERB	 buying
An independent panel of inquiry commissioned by the Pat Finucane Centre has established that among the weapons actually used in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second and third mine hits came after nightfall, which enabled both vessels to avoid further attacks. The	The	DET	last	ADJ	 last
When such a train of stimuli was applied, subsequent single pulse stimuli elicited stronger, prolonged EPSPs in the	the	DET	postsynaptic	ADJ	 postsynaptic
It remained a tropical storm over land for nearly 24 hours before weakening to a tropical depression later that day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Robert Greville, 2nd Baron Brooke, was a Parliamentarian, and Royalist forces laid siege to the castle.	.	PUNCT	Warwick	PROPN	 Warwick
Sarah is angry at Zoë for using her but they later make up. Sarah breaks up with Lydia when	when	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
The UCR and the Frepaso united as a political coalition, the Alliance for Work, Justice and Education,	,	PUNCT	led	VERB	 led
Morales was personally involved in this direct activism and in 1984 was present at a roadblock where 3 campesinos were	were	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
Japanese Army in World War II: The South Pacific and New Guinea, 1942 – 43. Dr. Duncan	Duncan	PROPN	Anderson	PROPN	 Anderson
In 1745, the Jacobite lairds on the islands ensured that Orkney remained pro Jacobite in outlook, and was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The sides of the conning tower were 351 millimeters (13.8 in) thick. Additionally, the vessel contained	contained	VERB	737	NUM	 737
In that real life trial, a Baltimore detective misspeaks during his testimony and nearly jeopardizes the outcome of the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
Colonel Barrett eventually began to recover control. He moved some of the militia back to the hilltop 300 yards	yards	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
When all deciduous teeth have erupted, the sheep has 20 teeth. Mature sheep have 32 teeth. As	As	ADP	with	ADP	 with
He was said to have gotten along well with other prisoners and served as best man at weddings for some	some	PRON	that	PRON	 that
In practice, use of a non fragmenting bullet and proper cleaning of the game animal's wound can eliminate	eliminate	VERB	the	DET	 the
This gave Pellew the opportunity to engage the enemy even more closely and by 07: 00 the French wheel	wheel	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
If the provision becomes law, the Mint intends to strike the collector's coins from.999 silver. Alloy which	which	PRON	is.900	PROPN	 is.900
Chapter two, " Imperial Grand Strategy ", looks at the U.S. government's belief that it should take	take	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
Lavaca Bay hosts a wide range of finfish including Black drum, Flounder, Redfish, Sheepshead and Speckled trout	trout	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As a cricketer, Allen was affected by his lack of regular play and was at his most effective during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Developing the gameplay began at the start of development, with a test environment being built to develop and refine	refine	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, the NHC decided not to name the system Vince at the time, because the water temperature was	was	AUX	too	ADV	 too
" Priore argued that the song served as a forerunner to later works such as Marvin Gaye's What's	's	AUX	Going	VERB	 Going
After his death, she was appointed regent until the restoration of Constantine I the following month. After the	the	DET	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
During the Tang, he was granted the title " Supremely Mysterious and Primordial Emperor " (太上玄元皇帝, Táishāng	Táishāng	PROPN	Xuānyuán	PROPN	 Xuānyuán
Ruffalo, who was considered to play Banner in The Incredible Hulk before Edward Norton took the role, was	was	AUX	cast	VERB	 cast
Sing admitted that this was partially true as Odex had hired anime fans to do subtitling in 2004 who had	had	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
He reawakens in the trunk and begins screaming uncontrollably, which causes the kidnapper to stab him. He stops	stops	VERB	at	ADP	 at
As a result of the fighting Australian losses were 32 killed, 59 wounded and three captured, while Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
In 1914, the US Department of Agriculture began to fund cooperative extension services through the land grant college of	of	ADP	each	DET	 each
The game's opening cinematic was produced by Visual Works, Square Enix's in house CGI development company.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
" Blassingame asserts that historians have discussed " what could be generally described as slave ' culture, ' but	but	CCONJ	give	VERB	 give
A voltage applied between tool and mould causes spark erosion of the mould surface in the inverse shape of the	the	DET	electrode	NOUN	 electrode
He later began planning and executing seizures again, and he further fortified the Boston peninsula. After the Powder	Powder	PROPN	Alarm	PROPN	 Alarm
, primarily because of the lower cost. The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913. The U	U	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
The first ten, with Westinghouse equipment, entered service in 1906. These ' camel back ' bogie locomotives	locomotives	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Later that day, the first cracked HD DVD, Serenity, was uploaded on a private torrent tracker.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Australia has the third and seventh highest life expectancy of males and females respectively in the world. Life expectancy	expectancy	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In this communique the organization warns that they had opened two fronts, in Puerto Rico and the United States	States	PROPN	respectively	ADV	 respectively
Injuries to Ryan Sidebottom, Graham Onions and Broad prompted England to call up Steven Finn as cover for the	the	DET	Test	PROPN	 Test
Jeter announced on his Facebook page on February 12, 2014, that the 2014 season would be his last	last	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Thomas Jefferson would later write of the profound effect that these two books had on him: " I have	have	AUX	read	VERB	 read
This route - often under the presence of hostile tribes - also finds mention in the works of Rashid al	al	PROPN	Din	PROPN	 Din
Over 6,000 people survived the blast and fire, but died of radiation injuries. Among injured survivors, 30	30	NUM	%	NOUN	%
All but two of the Grand Masters died in office, and several died during military campaigns. For example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Early notes recorded its tendency to scare off prey as hunters were about to shoot. It was as the	the	DET	chattering	VERB	 chattering
During 2009 and 2010, work was undertaken to upgrade sluice gates, watercourses, and culverts to enable seasonal	seasonal	ADJ	flooding	NOUN	 flooding
Roger Mowry was a constable and operated the only tavern in the town. The tavern also served as a	a	DET	government	NOUN	 government
The South Park Blocks Association, a commercial and institutional association, was started at that time, to attract	attract	VERB	residents	NOUN	 residents
FIU Arena underwent expansion to add more seating and a modernization of the exterior that was completed in late 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
This tradition has almost completely died out among the present generation. The tradition of Voviyo (wedding songs)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Using the phone log for the room Mulder tracks Stroman to a house where he spots him meeting with the	the	DET	cable	NOUN	 cable
To rectify this flaw, the UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines (one shaft for	for	ADP	each	DET	 each
NY 812 joins NY 37 here, following the route through the southern reaches of the city. The conjoined	conjoined	VERB	routes	NOUN	 routes
The prime ministers were divided. Diefenbaker broke the deadlock by proposing that the conference not reject South Africa's	's	PART	application	NOUN	 application
Their most recent win was in 2012, beating Athletic Bilbao 3 – 0 at the Vicente Calderón Stadium in	in	ADP	Madrid	PROPN	 Madrid
After six hours, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Connie. By August 4, Connie began to rapidly strengthen	strengthen	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He was initially used as the setup man for closer Brad Hennessey, but he took over as closer on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
At Russell Sage Junior High School, where he was an honors student, he produced the Mad inspired fanzine	fanzine	ADJ	Blasé	PROPN	 Blasé
Chinese authorities refused to allow filming, and Lucas considered the Monkey King as the plot device. Lucas wrote	wrote	VERB	a	DET	 a
Author Dirk Timmerman pointed out that " in the context of the show, with [war induced] performances	performances	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
The injury was so severe that Salo later admitted thinking his career was over during his rehabilitation. Before returning	returning	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The title of the episode references the infamous 1986 Stephen King movie Maximum Overdrive, which was one of Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	cast	VERB	 cast
Especially striking was the relatively high activity of Doro Api Toi (Gunung Api Kecil means " small volcano "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Elsewhere, " One of Those Days " peaked at number 94 in Switzerland, number 11 on the Belgian	Belgian	PROPN	Flanders	PROPN	 Flanders
By deliberately drawing on bipartisan ideas — the same basic outline was supported by former Senate majority leaders Howard Baker	Baker	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 12, 2012. " Welcome Party "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Tipu also spared the Monte Mariano church at Farangipet, on account of his father's friendship with Fr.	.	PUNCT	Joachim	PROPN	 Joachim
Just twenty days after Mara's death, on November 15, 2005, Tisch died at the age of	of	ADP	79	NUM	 79
He calls Holly's father to ask his permission (although he leaves a message rather than speak to him	him	PRON	personally	ADV	 personally
Steam for the engines was provided by 11 Amirauté fire tube boilers and they were rated at a total of	of	ADP	14,000	NUM	 14,000
Both groups used names to commemorate notable people, events, places from their homeland, and their ships,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Throughout his film career, Méliès worked on a strict schedule of planning films in the morning, filming scenes	scenes	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Disraeli left an unfinished novel in which the priggish central character, Falconet, is unmistakably a caricature of Gladstone	Gladstone	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Cayuga Lake – 95 acres (38 ha) on northeast shore. Etna Fringed Gentian Area Fall Creek Valley	Valley	PROPN	North	PROPN	 North
Subsequently, a bond to fund the construction was issued. The construction work started in 1976; in 1981	1981	NUM	the	DET	 the
He was the eleventh of twelve children of Allen Briggs, a blacksmith originally from Cranston, Rhode Island,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He returned to Broadhall Way in January having scored one goal in six games for Port Vale, who were	were	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
These features were also included in a parallel development effort for a new mid size wide body airliner, code	code	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
To celebrate the anniversary of the Halloween series, Devil's Due released a one shot comic entitled Halloween:	:	PUNCT	30	NUM	 30
Dead leaves were falling and covering everything. At a particular moment, in an immaculately white alcove, a	a	DET	white	ADJ	 white
It dissipated the next day, although its remnants approached New England and contributed to the Northeast U.S. flooding of	of	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
At the Enriched Learning Center for Gifted Children, Bart feels out of place among the other students with advanced	advanced	ADJ	academic	ADJ	 academic
The gathering also marks the culmination of the four day El Rebrot (" The Shoot ") musical /	/	SYM	political	ADJ	 political
The 1934 Michiganensian yearbook reports that the final game of the baseball season was a 4 – 0 shutout by	by	ADP	Wistert	PROPN	 Wistert
Before its release the album appeared on several lists, including Spin's " 26 Fall Albums That Matter Most	Most	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
The series employed both British and French writers and directors to collaborate on the series, with former Spooks writer	writer	NOUN	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
Scully gets a message to call Nemhauser, but his phone is answered by Mulder, who denies taking the	the	DET	knife	NOUN	 knife
However, after Cambridge's 2 – 0 home defeat to St Albans City in December, Bridges did not	not	PART	feature	VERB	 feature
He was nicknamed the " Flying Finn " as he dominated distance running in the early 20th century. Nurmi	Nurmi	PROPN	set	VERB	 set
With hydrogen it forms water and hydrogen peroxide. Organic oxygen compounds are ubiquitous in organic chemistry. Sulfur's	's	PART	oxidation	NOUN	 oxidation
There is some evidence to suggest that source of the infection was pigs on Columbus's ships. During an	an	DET	influenza	NOUN	 influenza
Once again she sailed out into the mid Atlantic, where she sank three ships. Early on the morning	morning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Together with her sisters, Chanzy and Latouche Tréville, the ship was assigned to the International Squadron off the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
An estimated 6,200 residents evacuated to Red Cross shelters in the state. The majority of evacuations in the country	country	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
During his time as bishop Alexander secured the submission of St Albans Abbey to his diocese and founded a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In addition to peacekeeping, the UN is also active in encouraging disarmament. Regulation of armaments was included in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
75 million years ago, ruled by the dictator Xenu. The confederacy having become overpopulated, Xenu sent several	several	ADJ	billion	NUM	 billion
After the Treaty of Paris (1763), exiled Acadians began to return to the area, but their	their	PRON	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
The single made Billboard Hot 100 history when it moved ninety one positions — from number ninety four to number	number	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
A monument with eight pillars — one for the Cherokee Nation and each of its seven clans — was placed	placed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In 1992, the Lincoln Highway Association was reformed with a chapter in each state through which the highway passed	passed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
This culminated in the resignation of managing director Gerry Johnson with immediate effect. He was replaced by development director	director	NOUN	Dominic	PROPN	 Dominic
Each sign in ASL is composed of a number of distinctive components. A sign may use one hand or	or	CCONJ	both	PRON	 both
James was charged, and in January 1997 pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault. Upon James '	'	PART	conviction	NOUN	 conviction
The spores of G. pectinatum are brown and opaque. They have a roughly spherical shape and are ornamented with	with	ADP	transparent	ADJ	 transparent
Finally on May 1, 1964, Viet Cong reconnaissance teams spotted the USNS Card sailed through Ganh Rai Bay	Bay	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The women's volleyball team earned 12 consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances from 1993 to 2004, advancing past the first	first	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
Along the way are samples of the Canyon's rocks, as you would encounter them going from the river	river	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
Hill disapproved of battlefield looting and admonished his batman, although eventually relented by stating " If you can get	get	VERB	me	PRON	 me
Nine companies handled the visual effects for Edge of Tomorrow under VFX supervisor Nick Davis. Davis worked with the	the	DET	crew	NOUN	 crew
The streams of dust and gas thus released form a huge and extremely thin atmosphere around the comet called the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The gills have an adnate attachment to the stem — broadly attached slightly above the bottom of the gill,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
" and added, " Shah does a great job as the otherwise calm Shiv ". In his review	review	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
B. violacea is highly susceptible to Phytophthora cinnamomi dieback. Banksia violacea is one of a small number of Banksia	Banksia	PROPN	species	NOUN	 species
Some students are more exuberant than others, some would rather talk than listen; others may be a bit	bit	NOUN	shy	ADJ	 shy
Alexey Kondrashov's deterministic mutation hypothesis (DMH) assumes that each organism has more than one harmful mutation and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the video, Jackson can be seen wearing a Blazer and his traditional hat. The video features appearances	appearances	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
An Act of Parliament obtained on 14 August 1850 allowed the trustees to build a pound lock at Bow tidal	tidal	ADJ	gates	NOUN	 gates
Smaller libraries include the Media and Cultural Library, the Music Library, and a branch digital library in Palm	Palm	PROPN	Desert	PROPN	 Desert
Both were issues she had advocated for during that session. In the aftermath of these victories, many commentators	commentators	NOUN	opined	VERB	 opined
On November 6, he filed for free agency. On February 2, 2010, Mota signed a minor	minor	ADJ	league	NOUN	 league
He had rescued over 50 people from the river during his lifetime. In 1939, the Mersey and Irwell	Irwell	PROPN	Joint	PROPN	 Joint
He held the position until 1892, and was succeeded by José Domingo Fuenzalida. Also in 1891, on	on	ADP	21	NUM	 21
Kelly was released from the military after two years, following which he worked on and off with Washington and	and	CCONJ	Gillespie	PROPN	 Gillespie
On 25 February 1994, the special forces of the Croatian Army (Hrvatska vojska – HV) were reorganised	reorganised	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
It sold 174,550 tickets and ranked 84th place among the year's releases in that market (excluding re issues	issues	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Discovery left Isle of Wight on 6 August 1901, and arrived in New Zealand via Cape Town on 29	29	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
He who perished abroad was called Áki. (He) steered a cargo ship; he came to Greek	Greek	PROPN	harbours	NOUN	 harbours
During the performance, Williams was dressed in a white crop tank, floral printed pants and platform shoes.	.	PUNCT	Finalist	ADJ	 Finalist
This early deprivation was found to have retarded the mothers ’ emotional development and her ability to engage in intercourse	intercourse	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Kangaroo Island birds have successfully established a breeding population. In 1912, the Australian ornithologist Gregory M. Mathews	Mathews	PROPN	recognised	VERB	 recognised
Walt Disney India's consumer products partnered with 50 brands to promote the film in India, considered the highest	highest	ADJ	ever	ADV	 ever
There are more of them at Hartlepool than elsewhere – without a shadow of doubt. " Houchen was a	a	DET	big	ADJ	 big
In comparison, they felt that his game lacked the power to impress. Incensed and opposed to the style	style	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In October 2012, it was reported that The Wolverine would be converted to 3D, making it the first	first	ADJ	3D	NOUN	 3D
Based on displacements along two monogenetic volcanoes, slip rates of 0.08 – 0.16 millimetres per year (0.000100 –	–	PUNCT	0.000200	NUM	 0.000200
They saw ' the revolution ' not as a final product but as an ongoing process; they wanted not	not	PART	just	ADV	 just
The Salwar kameez is another form of popular dress for females. The Mangalorean Catholic bride's wedding sari is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
" The remix appeared online on October 1, 2010, and was released as a digital EP on November	November	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Kikuta does not worry about the style of music that he composes, considering it to only be a tool	tool	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Then, he returned to Washington to play in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) during the 1992 –	–	PUNCT	93	NUM	 93
Any individual involved with drug addiction will lie to his friends for the self serving need. It's the	the	DET	cruelest	ADJ	 cruelest
Despite calls by the press for him to be included in the 1958 World Cup squad, this time the	the	DET	selectors	NOUN	 selectors
Several areas experienced gale force winds, with gusts measured up to 109 km / h (68 mph)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
They were seized by a Maya lord, and most were sacrificed, although two managed to escape. From	From	ADP	1517	NUM	 1517
(See: Continuous production) Also, the carbon in pig iron lowers the melting point below that of	of	ADP	steel	NOUN	 steel
It became apparent Gillette could not perform the necessary stunts, so the stunt coordinator Cliff Cudney brought in Steve	Steve	PROPN	Daskawisz	PROPN	 Daskawisz
Conference play began with a loss to the Texas Longhorns in the annual Red River Rivalry on October 7,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Another provision of the Pittman Act authorized the U.S. to mint a replacement coin for every silver dollar melted.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
On November 26, 2013 she sung the track during an appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The new campus has 31,544 square metres (7.795 acres) and includes facilities such as an auditorium and research	research	NOUN	space	NOUN	 space
They plan these trips themselves. Alumni have credited these midterms as being among their most formative and character building	building	NOUN	experiences	NOUN	 experiences
Along with many others, Wooden Leg was shocked and angered by this news. They had expected to be	be	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
Botham was consequently given out hit wicket. Agnew's comment on this action was: " He just did	did	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Speaking about the humor of the show, Campbell said, " I would say 30 percent of each episode	episode	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Coif was white and made of either silk or lawn. A Serjeant was never obliged to take off	off	ADP	or	CCONJ	 or
The contract was awarded to the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg, on 26 September 1907. The keel	keel	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Mint did hire 40 women, who were (as of 1860) paid $1.10 per ten hour	hour	NOUN	day	NOUN	 day
Membership declined throughout the 1990s and by 2004, only a few dozen people belonged to the synagogue. In	In	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
A second training / operational conversion squadron was also formed, designated 3. / (Kroat.) JGr	JGr	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He scored in his debut, " claiming the first and third goals " in a 4 – 0 victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
It was released as the lead single from the album on August 22, 2001 by Epic Records. The	The	DET	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
The forge had space for two smiths and featured a small room where the horses were shoed. The depot	depot	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Music critics have described True Colours upon its release as a single as " the most brutal thing Gallows	Gallows	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
An undertaking of the restoration team was that everything would be handled in a transparent fashion, that reporters,	,	PUNCT	art	NOUN	 art
For its last twelve years Radio Network House was owned by Greg Hedges through his company Nor West Arch No.4	No.4	PROPN	Ltd.	PROPN	 Ltd.
Following persistent injuries to his right knee, Abdur Rahim announced his retirement from basketball on September 22, 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Kanche earned US $522,325 (₹ 34.7 million) in 17 days at the United States box office.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
This prediction proved true, as Langer died unexpectedly in 1920, and Janowitz said it inspired the scene in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The congregational school, which still held classes once a week, had 14 teachers and 388 students. The	The	DET	following	ADJ	 following
During the debate on the House floor, Breckinridge endorsed nullification if Congress would not repeal the acts after a	a	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
" She believed that " there is not a situation in this picture which could not happen to any girl	girl	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In contrast to the term " Epicurean ", the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy's entry on Stoicism notes,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The goal became to create the best 3 D demos in real time with the least amount of software code	code	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Intercultural Center is an exception to this controversy, rotating displays of various faith and culture symbols in the	the	DET	lobby	NOUN	 lobby
Each provincial coat of arms includes specific local symbolism; most also include symbolism derived from the coats of arms	arms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The last Saturday of each month is umuganda, a national morning of mandatory community service lasting from 8 am	am	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Youkilis finished third in the balloting for the 2008 AL MVP Award, receiving two first place votes (one	one	NUM	from	ADP	 from
Early on August 5, it reached a peak intensity of 120 mph (190 km / h),	,	PUNCT	based	VERB	 based
The main game systems and game code as a whole were coded by John Hodskinson. The game's music	music	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The character was still being written and changed a lot during the audition process. The character and casting were	were	AUX	announced	VERB	 announced
" Tetsuya Nomura, the character designer for the Final Fantasy VII series and co director of Advent Children,	,	PUNCT	acted	VERB	 acted
That day, a trough in the westerlies caused Lili to accelerate northeastward, reaching a forward speed of almost	almost	ADV	29	NUM	 29
" The National Board of Review nominated the film as the Best Foreign Film in 1956. Rififi was re	re	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Subsequent poisoning programs have kept populations low. The Lord Howe boobook may have become extinct through predation by,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
It was also released in this format under the name Jesus: The Real Story, with narration from Tom	Tom	PROPN	Hodgkins	PROPN	 Hodgkins
But the game isn't just a collection of funny South Park scenes, hopefully it's more than that	that	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
— also Kalkbrenner. You would not believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc	etc	X	.	X	.
They believed their suspicions were confirmed when the IRA member re appeared at the ceremony when it resumed in February	February	PROPN	1988	NUM	 1988
In its early years, the Briarcliff library received donations from the village Sunday school and the Club. In	In	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Filming at Carolco Studios in Wilmington, North Carolina lasted from November 1992 to March 1993. The New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The collection, called the Phipps Collection, numbered more than 2,000 volumes, and includes Napoleon's published correspondence	correspondence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2005, Burch won the Rising Star Award for Best New Retail Concept from the Fashion Group International.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
At the time, Charlotte Amalie on Saint Thomas was considered the best port in the Caribbean outside of Cuba	Cuba	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the center of the community, NY 812 meets the eastern terminus of NY 126. Outside of Croghan	Croghan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Rufus Gallup took the same approach with his son, Russell Gallup II, and split the property in 1877	1877	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
XIV was first hinted at the 2005 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) when Square Enix announced that they were	were	AUX	developing	VERB	 developing
Denning was also known for his long working schedule; when he served as Master of the Rolls he sat	sat	VERB	for	ADP	 for
As a result, the German garrisons stationed on the islands did not surrender until 9 May 1945 — one	one	NUM	day	NOUN	 day
" The video begins with the younger version of Clarkson sitting at the back seat of a station wagon.	.	PUNCT	Singing	VERB	 Singing
Along with Brigadier General H. Gordon Bennett and others, Mackay received personal congratulations from Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig	Haig	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Like FGM, footbinding was carried out on young girls, nearly universal where practised, tied to ideas about	about	ADP	honour	NOUN	 honour
Scotland won the second match 1 – 0 with a goal by Don Hutchison, but lost the tie 2	2	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The last two stage plays Olivier directed were Jean Giradoux's Amphitryon (1971) and Priestley's Eden End	End	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Nelson returned to music in the following year, as his style was influenced in the Armadillo World Headquarters	Headquarters	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On the other hand, confirmation bias can result in people ignoring or misinterpreting the signs of an imminent or	or	CCONJ	incipient	ADJ	 incipient
A major reason for GE's interest in the collaboration, rather than building a 10 ton engine on their	their	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
However, the cyclone turned to the west and reached its peak intensity of 70 mph (110 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
For the lower classes, however, the anniversary was a chance to pit disorder against order, a pretext	pretext	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
While Howe's army remained in place, the two forces engaged in small skirmishes over the next few days	days	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All these materials are hard, brittle, dark gray solids with the hardness increasing with the boron content.	.	PUNCT	Samarium	PROPN	 Samarium
This immediately followed a first round loss to Elina Svitolina at the Australian Open. Kuznetsova lost to Petra Kvitová	Kvitová	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
I wanted somebody that you could have doubts internally, and very few guys can do that. " To	To	PART	prepare	VERB	 prepare
In response, Michelena described in the column how those skills were helpful to a movie actress, but not	not	PART	absolutely	ADV	 absolutely
When the commune elections were held in April 2007, Chakrapong led the NRP to secure 472 out of 11,459	11,459	NUM	commune	NOUN	 commune
The Japanese Blue edition of the game features all but a handful of Pokémon available in Red and Green,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
During his British tours, he had audiences with King William IV and Queen Victoria, directly petitioning the latter	latter	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
During the Second World War, part of the city walls near the Dane John Gardens were turned into an	an	DET	ammunition	NOUN	 ammunition
The highway follows roadways defined as parts of constitutional routes 12 and 40 in Minnesota Statutes § 161.114. The	The	DET	remainder	NOUN	 remainder
The canal company brought a large number of cases against the railway company, and successfully opposed several bills which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Although they had much in common, he and Heseltine rarely worked together, though they did co write a	a	DET	song	NOUN	 song
In October 2004, it was confirmed that the new stadium would be called the Emirates Stadium as part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
These fish are what brought the Algonquian to the area nearly 10,000 years ago. Pettigrew State Park is open	open	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Heim launched his two piece swimsuit in Paris which he called the atome, after the smallest known particle of	of	ADP	matter	NOUN	 matter
The plan was resisted by factions benefiting from the protectionist policies, but the magnitude of the crisis convinced most	most	ADJ	politicians	NOUN	 politicians
Built in 1726 at a cost of £1,401 8s 9d, it replaced a previous almshouse dating from 1461	1461	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
" Matthews regularly condemned the " blazer brigade " at the FA in his autobiography, slating them as "	"	PUNCT	conservative	ADJ	 conservative
The music video featured live performances of Selena singing the song at the Houston Astrodome concert on February 26,	,	PUNCT	1995	NUM	 1995
However, in Sparta news emerged of the bribes Cleomenes had given at Delphi, and he was expelled from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The metal industry has a very important role because it produces weapons and armor for the military, trap components	components	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Keenan's hiring was as a result of Pat Quinn being dismissed as general manager, and Keenan also assumed	assumed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The former secondary State Road 5 was realigned starting from near Packwood, heading north instead of east, alongside	alongside	ADP	the	DET	 the
As queen, Mary reversed Edward's Protestant reforms, which nonetheless became the basis of the Elizabethan Religious Settlement	Settlement	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Beginning in February 1972, he took a third of the profit from live appearances; a January 1976 agreement	agreement	NOUN	entitled	VERB	 entitled
Actual Allied losses are unknown. The patrols failed to intercept any formations of transports on the afternoon of the	the	DET	18	NUM	 18
On Ice's collaboration with the band, lead vocalist and bassist Halstead was quoted saying " I asked him	him	PRON	if	SCONJ	 if
On 23 October, Baćović reported to Mihailović that " in the operation of Prozor we slaughtered more than 2,000	2,000	NUM	Croats	NOUN	 Croats
The actors who play these characters also serve as voice actors and physical models for the characters in the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Catching the attention of Stalin, it set the pace for the prelude to the eventual offensive intended to reach	reach	VERB	Pavlohrad	PROPN	 Pavlohrad
During the flight, a bomb explodes causing the plane to crash into the sea. Paul, Izzy and	and	CCONJ	Elle	PROPN	 Elle
Rififi was nominated by the National Board of Review for Best Foreign Film. Rififi was re released theatrically in	in	ADP	both	PRON	 both
A cogeneric species potentially similar to Phellinus ellipsoideus is P. caribaeo quercicola. The latter species shares the hooked hymenial	hymenial	ADJ	setae	NOUN	 setae
He is interred at Greenlawn Cemetery in Milford, Ohio. When Rixey started playing, he was considered an	an	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In French drawings, Vengeur is often depicted as flying the Tricolour, which had been recently ordered by the	the	DET	Convention	PROPN	 Convention
Richard Stamos, who sings during halftime in the episode's football game, is the fictional brother of John	John	PROPN	Stamos	PROPN	 Stamos
From birth, girls are automatically entitled to less; from playtime, to food, to education, girls	girls	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
I don't think he'd have any problem with that. Gatiss: He regards Milverton as a sort	sort	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Beck has said that he was " raised celebrating Jewish holidays ", and that he considers himself Jewish.	.	PUNCT	Beck	PROPN	 Beck
Tag Rugby, is a version in which the participants wear a belt with two hook and loop fastener tags	tags	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It also had an asymmetrical wind field. Repeated penetrations were made into the eyewall, and scientists mapped the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
His 233 was made in little over four hours and featured 38 fours. It was the first time that	that	PRON	a	DET	 a
Bergen, Norway is one of the more famous European rain cities with its yearly precipitation of 2,250 mm (	(	PUNCT	89	NUM	89
The Giants were so desperate to make money they allowed star Duluth Eskimos running back Ernie Nevers back into a	a	DET	close	ADJ	 close
On 10 May 1947, he scored two goals playing for the Great Britain XI in a 6 – 1	1	NUM	victory	NOUN	 victory
The musicologist Erkki Salmenhaara posits the idea of two burnings: that of 1945 which destroyed early material, and	and	CCONJ	another	PRON	 another
With the second airing, the total audience for the night was 3.2 million viewers. The episode was well	well	ADV	received	VERB	 received
The song " Savages ", from Froot, reflects on humanity's proneness to violent acts. She is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
He endeavoured to enforce prohibition of alcoholic beverages, which had been enshrined in law by a referendum during Sifton	Sifton	PROPN	's	PART	's
In general, December is the dullest month and June the sunniest. South west England enjoys a favoured location	location	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Three days later, on June 18th, Opeth released a 30 second teaser for their new album, Sorceress	Sorceress	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The failure would have no impact to the mission, due to redundant systems. In addition to the survey	survey	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This led to an Intercontinental title match on the following Raw where Hardy dropped the title to Jericho. Off	Off	ADP	screen	NOUN	 screen
Hoffecker, an El Paso, Texas, coin dealer, was then leading the committee in his hometown that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The music video for " In Bloom " won Best Alternative Video at the MTV Video Music Awards in 1993	1993	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The elapsed time at surface pressure immediately after a dive is also an important part of decompression and can be	be	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
He returned to the philosophy department at Berkeley, teaching psychology, and was promoted to associate professor. Stratton	Stratton	PROPN	left	VERB	 left
Her grandson, John Cole, the son of Elisha Cole, was a chief justice of the Rhode Island	Island	PROPN	Supreme	PROPN	 Supreme
The Hong Kong Observatory assessed Conson to be slightly weaker than other agencies, with peak winds estimated at 130	130	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
It began in Palermo on 10 May and ended in Milan on 1 June. Twenty two teams entered the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
And I want to apologize to them and their families. [...] I will go to my grave	grave	NOUN	regretting	VERB	 regretting
This differs from both nearby East and South Asia. Polyethnicity, over time, can change the way societies	societies	NOUN	practice	VERB	 practice
Harrison's biographer Joshua Greene wrote, " Every Sunday she tuned in to mystical sounds evoked by sitars and	and	CCONJ	tablas	NOUN	 tablas
Under the orders of the president, Jamila is placed in a prison outside Jakarta, where she receives rough	rough	ADJ	treatment	NOUN	 treatment
This delay in departure gave colonial militiamen from outlying towns additional time to reach the road back to Boston.	.	PUNCT	Lieutenant	PROPN	 Lieutenant
This marked the start of a run of fourteen goals from fifteen matches, helping the Mariners to second place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In a 2005 interview, Ryde revealed that a week before he died, she had sought to end the	the	DET	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
Lieutenant John Winne of Rattler was especially commended for this hazardous work. By 18: 15, Vengeur was	was	AUX	clearly	ADV	 clearly
But on 23 February, it was announced that the two Welsh ' derbies ' against the Scarlets and the	the	DET	Ospreys	PROPN	 Ospreys
The TU Center serves as the city's largest musical venue for nationally and internationally prominent bands, and hosts	hosts	NOUN	trade	NOUN	 trade
This settlement, boycotted by the PF and rejected internationally, led to multiracial elections and Rhodesia's reconstitution under	under	ADP	majority	NOUN	 majority
He rose to prominence in the mid 1960s as the lead singer of the Northern Irish R & B band	band	NOUN	Them	PRON	 Them
I would hold that officers must have some level of particularized suspicion in order to conduct a seizure and search	search	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
One Order Police participant named Kurt Möbius testified during a postwar trial, that he believed the SS propaganda about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
Godolphin, Marlborough, and Harley, who had replaced Nottingham as Secretary of State for the Northern Department,	,	PUNCT	formed	VERB	 formed
Zdeněk Štybar (Etixx Quick Step) took over the pace setting in the peloton as it approached the Côte	Côte	PROPN	de	X	 de
The turrets were noted by the U.S. Office of Naval Intelligence to be " similar to the British 15 inch	inch	NOUN	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
Four singles were released from the album. The first, the title track, was released to a generally	generally	ADV	negative	ADJ	 negative
To his contemporaries and now to some modern art historians, this has been seen as a significant achievement during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
For the Battle of the Kerch Peninsula, launched on 8 May 1942, Hitler finally assigned Manstein major air	air	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
Divers left the water briefly on August 18 while the company's crew used cranes, excavation drills and cutting	cutting	VERB	torches	NOUN	 torches
Franz Joseph praised Potiorek for seizing the town; cities across the empire made Potiorek an honorary citizen and Sarajevo	Sarajevo	PROPN	even	ADV	 even
His appearances in NJPW became much more sporadic around this time, with his final match to date taking place	place	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Others suggest that the two armies lobbed potatoes instead of cannonballs or mortars. A third theory maintains that the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Other social events also turn sour: a lunch party with Mr Finsworth, the father of an old friend	friend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They chose to use the family of Mr. Snuffleupagus (" Snuffy "), a large Muppet that had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Japan interpreted this as deliberate prevarications designed to buy time to complete the Russian armament programs. The final straws	straws	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" " To Catch a Predator " was written during the mixing process, when the group realized that the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The iteration is now known as Old Clear Creek Road. Only a small portion of Old Clear Creek Road	Road	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Because Tourette's tends to subside with maturity, and because milder cases of Tourette's are now more likely	likely	ADJ	to	PART	 to
On February 11, 2014, Nakajima earned his first win over his mentor Kensuke Sasaki in the main event	event	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Dudley's name does not appear on the land grant issued to the company that year, but he was	was	AUX	almost	ADV	 almost
I have one recommendation to make to the New Zealand [Rugby] Union, if it was to undertake	undertake	VERB	such	DET	 such
As styles changed over the next few years, Nancy began to appear in glamorous frocks, with immaculately set	set	VERB	hair	NOUN	 hair
Composed of Bosnian Muslims (ethnic Bosniaks) with some Catholic Croat soldiers and mostly German and Yugoslav Volksdeutsche (	(	PUNCT	ethnic	ADJ	ethnic
Perot formed the Reform Party of the United States of America in 1995, and ran for president under the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
The statement regarding two different volleys of shots was upheld by various people, including ex officer Jesus Quiñones before	before	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1917, when the first two photographs were taken, Elsie was 16 years old and Frances was 9	9	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
TAB Gida is Turkey's largest multi brand restaurant operator and one of the largest Burger King franchisees in Europe	Europe	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Vettel led by 0.9 seconds on the final lap, before he ran wide at turn six. Button passed	passed	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Colored diamonds contain crystallographic defects, including substitutional impurities and structural defects, that cause the coloration. Theoretically,	,	PUNCT	pure	ADJ	 pure
He was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Easington constituency from 1970 until his retirement in 1987.	.	PUNCT	Described	VERB	 Described
The building is currently the location of Scientology's National Affairs office. The mansion was listed on the National	National	PROPN	Register	PROPN	 Register
The song received positive reviews, praising the production and Shirley Manson's singing, and became the band's	's	PART	breakthrough	NOUN	 breakthrough
Among the notable finds is a golden plaque showing a snake curling on a staff, a Hellenic symbol of	of	ADP	Eshmun	PROPN	 Eshmun
In May 1747 Hopkins was appointed as a justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court, and in 1751 became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
This gave them greater powers, but in return, they and their descendants were forever cursed. They renamed	renamed	VERB	their	PRON	 their
She performed five songs, beginning with " I'll Be Lovin ' U Long Time " as a mash	mash	NOUN	up	ADV	 up
Even though its offensive strength was largely spent by September 9, the division continued to harass rear areas around	around	ADP	Changnyong	PROPN	 Changnyong
For example, the usual passive Foster impedance matching networks can only match the impedance of an antenna with a	a	DET	transmission	NOUN	 transmission
Horner Woodlands and Tarr Steps woodlands are prime examples. The country's highest beech tree, 350 metres (	(	PUNCT	1,148	NUM	1,148
This first division of the kingdom became the seed of discord and wars between the dukes and the kings of	of	ADP	Hungary	PROPN	 Hungary
Following that objection, other groups began to organize during the 1963 North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference.	.	PUNCT	Fifteen	NUM	 Fifteen
On 5 December 1922, Lemieux concluded an agreement with France in which France granted Canada " freely and for	for	ADP	all	DET	 all
The breezeway is a roof supported by eight log columns with log railings. The ends of the pavilion are	are	AUX	built	VERB	 built
Kelly also makes the remark, " I hope Dwight gets fired and they get a hot new guy to	to	PART	replace	VERB	 replace
A 1947 report by the Truman administration titled To Secure These Rights presented a detailed ten point agenda of civil	civil	ADJ	rights	NOUN	 rights
Around noon on November 8, when it was about 375 miles (604 km) southwest of Acapulco,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Avoid. " In a 2007 interview for Esquire magazine, author and Coltrane biographer Ben Ratliff praised Coltrane's	's	PART	music	NOUN	 music
" Cadoux Hudson said, " I thought Cambridge would murder us but we took 20 colossal strokes and there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
Wright saw a wide range of possible science fiction storylines in the original Stargate (1994) film that could	could	AUX	take	VERB	 take
Still without a contract when the 1991 – 92 season began, Cullen missed the first four games before signing	signing	VERB	a	DET	 a
The controversy involved her belief that that abortion was tragic but should be legal, despite her vows as a	a	DET	religious	ADJ	 religious
In this episode, Scully grows suspicious of Mulder when she thinks he may be helping a terrorist organization.	.	PUNCT	Scully	PROPN	 Scully
Other kitsune have characteristics reminiscent of vampires or succubi and feed on the life or spirit of human beings,	,	PUNCT	generally	ADV	 generally
He was instead selected second overall in the draft by the Oshawa Generals. As a rookie in the OHL	OHL	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Indians was sold to Art Ranney and Frank Nied. The two changed the team name to the Akron	Akron	PROPN	Pros	PROPN	 Pros
The majority of its combat forces would be transferred to the Fifth United States Army under Lieutenant General Mark W.	W.	PROPN	Clark	PROPN	 Clark
With the transformation, Qin became able to command a far greater assembly of labourers to be used in public	public	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
After the enemy had been repulsed, fifteen enemy dead were found only a few feet from Sergeant Negrón's	's	PART	position	NOUN	 position
However, he can not be lbw if the ball pitches on the leg side of the stumps ("	"	PUNCT	outside	ADJ	 outside
Although the carrier did not disclose specific numbers, media reports estimated that the Heathrow to New York service made	made	VERB	an	DET	 an
Theories on its origins include descent from Iberian horses, similar to many regional mountain horses, or possibly Oriental	Oriental	ADJ	horses	NOUN	 horses
He told his students that it should be possible to produce an orchestration without resorting to glockenspiels, celestas,	,	PUNCT	xylophones	NOUN	 xylophones
From his current economic perspective, Yancey began to identify the anti slavery movement negatively with issues such as the	the	DET	establishment	NOUN	 establishment
The sport grew in popularity in Europe during the 19th century, but has since experienced a decline due in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
" Levine would co produce Paul's follow up release Stories, which was released on Black Wolf in 1994	1994	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Lords managed to get Paul Oakenfold add the song to his DJ set. His remix of the song was	was	AUX	included	VERB	 included
Clermont's offer requested a 24 ceasefire to negotiate terms, but Braithwaite allowed only until 08: 00 the	the	DET	following	VERB	 following
As print collector and dealer Christopher Lennox Boyd explains, " had there not been a market for such engravings	engravings	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album pays tribute to the late 1970s and early 1980s era of music in the United States, particularly	particularly	ADV	the	DET	 the
The club has been relegated six times — in 1961 – 62, 1980 – 81, 1992 – 93	93	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Parker edited Lone Survivor during principal photography, but was not on location. " I like to blast through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Like the Federal Constitution, the Virginia Bill of Rights, in § 17, states that the listing of	of	ADP	certain	ADJ	 certain
At 12: 00 on 7 August, Gavutu was assaulted by the U.S. Marine 1st Parachute Battalion consisting of	of	ADP	397	NUM	 397
Reception of the game's presentation was mixed. The Japanese release was a commercial failure, while the game	game	NOUN	sold	VERB	 sold
All in all, this looks good. " However, Sam Wollaston was more critical of the series,	,	PUNCT	stating	VERB	 stating
In January of the following year, Nick Cassavetes signed on to direct the film. On November 13,	,	PUNCT	2012	NUM	 2012
Swank's anonymity as an actor persuaded Peirce to cast her; Peirce said she did not want a "	"	PUNCT	known	VERB	 known
The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name, and released by Walt Disney Pictures	Pictures	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The original 7 World Trade Center was a 47 story building, designed by Emery Roth & Sons, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
An image of Rodemeyer was shown on the backdrop as Gaga announced: " We lost a Little Monster this	this	DET	week	NOUN	 week
This excludes the two new ethnic groups added to the 2011 census of Gypsy or Irish Traveller and Arab.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Hutchinson told her followers that Wilson lacked " the seal of the Spirit. " Wilson's theological views conformed	conformed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
He made 16 appearances in League Two, helping them to finish fourth place, reaching the play offs.	.	PUNCT	Woodhouse	PROPN	 Woodhouse
She has rare beauty, vivacity, wit, intellectual attainments and athletic grace. " One CMPC shooting location	location	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
There is no agreement. The verb stays singular. If a plural verb is used as in Á carir	carir	VERB	it	PRON	 it
La Pérouse sent one of the frigates to chase after her. Seahorse's captain, William Cristopher, suspecting	suspecting	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The player must then race through the level as quickly as possible. Scattered throughout the level are yellow crates	crates	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
This midfield partnership massively contributed to a change towards a continental playing style embraced by manager Alex Ferguson and assistant	assistant	NOUN	Carlos	PROPN	 Carlos
Cuthbert Collingwood, one of the captains overlooked by the despatch, subsequently described Curtis as " an artful,	,	PUNCT	sneeking	VERB	 sneeking
The expansion cost NOK 920 million, which included blasting 110,000 cubic metres (3,900,000 cu ft) of rock	rock	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
San Marino gained affiliation to governing bodies FIFA and UEFA in 1988, allowing the team to participate in major	major	ADJ	championships	NOUN	 championships
To increase the number of club fixtures, they also joined the mid week United Counties League. Robson established	established	VERB	a	DET	 a
Attacks on the English held zones, with the near certain backing of Robert, began in 1373 and accelerated	accelerated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Minimization results for convex functionals are also a direct consequence of the slightly more abstract fact that closed bounded convex	convex	ADJ	subsets	NOUN	 subsets
Over the next two days, ground searchers found four bone fragments that were about 2 by 1.5 inches (	(	PUNCT	5	NUM	5
Samantha Urban of The Dallas Morning News dismissed the fact that Shelby had been hired to form a second glee	glee	NOUN	club	NOUN	 club
At the same time, on 9 July, Albert Kalonji proclaimed the independence of South Kasai. Two days	days	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
1948; also known as Ngnoia) is a Walpiri speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	.	PUNCT	Ngoia	PROPN	 Ngoia
" Stargate writer Martin Gero called Vala " so much fun to write, almost too fun. You do	do	AUX	kind	ADV	 kind
In his 1970 interview with Rolling Stone, he said " Hey Jude " was worthy of an A side	side	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Deadpool Killustrated # 1 (2012), Miles Morales ' corpse is seen among those of various Spider	Spider	PROPN	Men	PROPN	 Men
Some may have drowsiness, decreased muscle tone, a hoarse sounding cry, feeding difficulties, constipation, an	an	DET	enlarged	ADJ	 enlarged
In 1993, Bruce Dickinson left the band to further pursue his solo career, but agreed to remain for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
" In July 2008, Campbell was selected for the pre season tour of South Africa with the Manchester United	United	PROPN	first	ADJ	 first
On March 21, a teaser trailer was released; it was 12 seconds long and showed clips of an	an	DET	unidentified	ADJ	 unidentified
The pricing was leveled off for the second night and they gradually decreased with the tour's progress. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On October 16, 1890, a new Mint director, Edward O. Leech, took office. Leech,	,	PUNCT	aged	VERB	 aged
At normal therapeutic doses, the physical side effects of amphetamine vary widely by age and from person to person	person	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ganoga Lake is the source of the branch of Kitchen Creek that flows through Ganoga Glen, which has the	the	DET	tallest	ADJ	 tallest
In September she announced a tour that would last until the end of the year. M.I.A. also promoted the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
A barrel chest is a characteristic sign of COPD, but is relatively uncommon. Tripod positioning may occur as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Not only did the album make The Get Up Kids the poster children for emo, but it also launched	launched	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cope noticed that in other sauropod dinosaurs, specifically A. altus and Camarasaurus supremus, the femora were always twice	twice	ADV	as	ADV	 as
Running on an improved version of Unreal Engine 3, it makes use of the tools and special effects like	like	ADP	lighting	NOUN	 lighting
Instead of featuring a display screen, the console connects to a television via HDMI. Users can play using	using	VERB	a	DET	 a
It was released on October 7, 2013, by GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings. While leading up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
In the 1980s Irving started researching and writing about topics other than Nazi Germany, but with less success.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
On 6 July 1998, it was declared that the design of Enric Miralles was chosen, with work being	being	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
After the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, research in the niche grew as more studies identified debris at	at	ADP	well	ADV	 well
The southern border of Chiswick runs along the River Thames, which is crossed in this area by Barnes Railway	Railway	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1943, aged 14, he began work at the Post Office. He played football for the works	works	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
It was run by Peierls, with the help of fellow German refugee scientist Klaus Fuchs. The laboratories at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
She soon decided to move to San Francisco, and received permission from her friend, Dennis Percy, to	to	PART	stay	VERB	 stay
In 1955, Eero Saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan, which led to the construction of	of	ADP	buildings	NOUN	 buildings
Although it dodged one torpedo on 6 September, it was not able to avoid another on the 15th.	.	PUNCT	Out	ADP	 Out
Led by Wing Commander Lou Spence, No. 77 Squadron was committed to action over Korea as part of	of	ADP	United	PROPN	 United
Gascoigne subsequently sent Jones a red rose, and the two became good friends. He was named as the	the	DET	PFA	PROPN	 PFA
After the European trip, he helped lead Clay County to a 15 – 0 record in Amateur Athletic Union	Union	PROPN	play	NOUN	 play
Whereas the Flood are only hinted at being intelligent in Halo: Combat Evolved, the Halo Graphic Novel shows	shows	VERB	the	DET	 the
While Cobb remains in Limbo to search for Saito, the other team members ride the synchronized kicks back to	to	ADP	reality	NOUN	 reality
Now running north northeast, the highway heads through heavy woodland, with trees in the median. US 13	13	NUM	intersects	NOUN	 intersects
The Universe is composed almost completely of dark energy, dark matter, and ordinary matter. Other contents are	are	AUX	electromagnetic	ADJ	 electromagnetic
" Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V. Club found the character " pitiful, and sometimes downright painful to watch.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Larssen prevailed over Carlsen and Førre in the vote for the new subeditor. Only Monsen and Larssen were employed	employed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In March 2015, The Supreme Court of Canada ruled against Quebec, clearing the way for the destruction of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
At the final whistle, Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola offered his commiserations to each of Manchester United's players,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Hearings were mandated after A. Mitchell Palmer, the federal government's Alien Property Custodian responsible for German owned property	property	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
To ensure this neutrality, the Dutch army was mobilised from 24 August and entrenched. Large sums (almost	almost	ADV	900	NUM	 900
During his childhood, Dean was interested in physical fitness, and began weightlifting and running, activities he would	would	AUX	continue	VERB	 continue
Then I said, ' Oh, can you sing this part? ' and she agreed to. "	"	PUNCT	Further	ADJ	 Further
He was promoted to first lieutenant on February 25, 1891 while serving on detached service as Professor of Military	Military	PROPN	Science	PROPN	 Science
The distribution rights for Thuppakki in Tamil Nadu were bought by Gemini Film Circuit. Several distributors including Bellamkonda Suresh	Suresh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At a poker game in the White House, Forbes said that Harding would remove a $1,000 fine imposed	imposed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The book was richly illustrated by Howard Chandler Christy and Riley authored a few new poems for the book under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the four years that followed, Bayard sought to build support for another run at the nomination. He	He	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
On 12 April 1345, he was granted a canonry in the diocese of Dunkeld with expectation of a prebend	prebend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Around 1830, the Faroese poet Jens Christian Djurhuus composed a ballad on the battle titled Ormurin langi, following	following	VERB	Snorri	PROPN	 Snorri
In 1883, Leno met Sarah Lydia Reynolds (1866 – 1942), a young dancer and comedy singer	singer	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
A plaque can be found located in the club's trophy display. Tunbridge Wells Borough Council honoured Joanne with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Part of the CD's proceeds of sale went to charity. Pistorius also actively supports the Mineseeker Foundation,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
According to football writer Sid Lowe, " There have been relatively few mentions of the game [since]	]	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
U.S. Army troops from Bravo Company, 2 / 327 Infantry, 1st Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division	Division	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Pressure is a simple type of stress. Stress usually causes deformation of solid materials, or flow in fluids	fluids	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A further preliminary sketch for Morning with some differences to the final painting was sold in a later auction for	for	ADP	£	SYM	 £
It reached the top two in Australia (platinum), The Netherlands; the top five in France (	(	PUNCT	silver	NOUN	silver
The song received positive reception from the critics, mainly focusing on the song's references to Green Day's	's	PART	stylistic	ADJ	 stylistic
The coalition was publicly headed by celebrity singer Anita Bryant, who claimed the ordinance discriminated against her right to	to	PART	teach	VERB	 teach
Writing for The Australasian, Felix observed that, although Wilson was not as comfortable at the crease as his	his	PRON	partner	NOUN	 partner
The ground floor was taken up by a large arch leading to a waiting room, an office for general	general	ADJ	enquiries	NOUN	 enquiries
In 1969, the memorial was dismantled and placed in a storage facility at 42nd Street and Hunt Place NE	NE	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
He went on to complete the month of November with 27 points in 13 games to be named OHL Player	Player	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Morayshire station at Elgin was enlarged in anticipation of Great North services, albeit in wood. In 1861	1861	NUM	permission	NOUN	 permission
However, more recent studies have generally found more recent (Late Carboniferous to Permian) age for the basalmost	basalmost	ADJ	divergence	NOUN	 divergence
This statement was interpreted as a military threat by David Butler, the Leader of the Opposition. Van der	der	PROPN	Byl	PROPN	 Byl
A farmhouse and surrounding land originally owned by John Denby was purchased in 1734 by Jonathan Tyers, the proprietor	proprietor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In a " typical processing campaign " at Oak Ridge, tens of grams of curium are irradiated to produce	produce	VERB	decigram	NOUN	 decigram
Most of these problems were addressed under Project Optimize. The lack of spares resulted in the entire F 105B	105B	PROPN	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Starting in 1962 with a four team knockout competition known as the Midlands Knock Out Cup, and continuing with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
He confronted Artabanus V at the Battle of Hormozdgān on 28 April 224 AD, perhaps at a site near	near	ADP	Isfahan	PROPN	 Isfahan
First, the Ninth Circuit disagreed with the District Court's holding that Mexican land grants had extinguished the Chumash	Chumash	PROPN	's	PART	's
The agents also meet former performer Jim Jim, the Dogface Boy, who later became the local sheriff after	after	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
This is unexpected for the classic model of a hot, buoyant plume in the mantle. However, it	it	PRON	has	AUX	 has
It is situated on the Interior Plateau, a large region that lies between the Cariboo and Monashee Mountains to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Robbie Collin of The Daily Telegraph also awarded the film five out of five stars. Peter Travers of	of	ADP	Rolling	PROPN	 Rolling
This was a drop in viewership compared to the previous episode, " Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece	Piece	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" The Time of Our Lives " peaked at number twenty three on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles Chart	Chart	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He comes across some run down buildings where he finds a hunting paraphernalia, a bear trap, and dead	dead	ADJ	animals	NOUN	 animals
Post Newsweek, meanwhile, concluded that its coverage area was not large enough to support two RSNs and sold	sold	VERB	the	DET	 the
The song's music video was directed by filmmaker Brett Ratner, who had previously worked with Carey on five	five	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
Spandau Prison was demolished to prevent it from becoming a neo Nazi shrine. His lawyer, Dr Seidl,	,	PUNCT	felt	VERB	 felt
While Soviet ideology postulated that the State would eventually wither away, Bukovsky pointed out that the reality was quite	quite	ADV	different	ADJ	 different
Archie is visited by Jack who threatens to kill him if he hurts Ronnie again. Archie finds Ian searching	searching	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Early in the season, Stewart suffered a minor skull fracture after colliding with teammate Clare Martin, an injury	injury	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In 1905 the Widnes Runcorn Transporter Bridge opened, giving a direct link for vehicular traffic for the first time	time	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Another asked not to be mentioned in the credits (though it was stated in the director's commentary that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
On 29 August 2007, the Milwaukee Bucks and Yi agreed to a standard, multi year rookie contract.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
In Harrisburg, more than 200 houses, and about 25 businesses were destroyed or damaged heavily. At least	least	ADV	10	NUM	 10
Kaworu fights Shinji, then realizes that he must die if humanity is to thrive and asks Shinji to kill	kill	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The promiscuous, and very public, behavior of his unhappily married wife, Julia, may have also played	played	VERB	a	DET	 a
Also from Wales were Feeder, who were initially more influenced by American post grunge, producing a hard rock	rock	NOUN	sound	NOUN	 sound
II Anzac Corps created four counter battery groups, each with one heavy artillery group and IX Corps arranged four	four	NUM	similar	ADJ	 similar
When small doses (less than 250 mg in an adult) are ingested, all pathways proceed by first	first	ADJ	order	NOUN	 order
In the same year, Russian author Nikolai Zhuravlyov published the book Posle boya vernulas (Returned After Battle)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
L.O.G. transports the characters to Showdown Town, his headquarters, and starts the contest. The winner would be	be	AUX	set	VERB	 set
When Jackson began the Off the Wall project he was not sure what he wanted as the final result;	;	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
As the season started, Michigan burst out with a 4 – 0 start and saw several players recognized as	as	ADP	Big	PROPN	 Big
" Much effort went into distinguishing the original glazes from those added during subsequent restorations. Previous retouches were removed	removed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The stone was cut to size, transported to the site and laid without mortar. Knobs, indentations and	and	CCONJ	dovetails	NOUN	 dovetails
Meanwhile, Capcom incorporated shooter elements into several survival horror titles, such as 2000's Resident Evil Survivor which	which	PRON	used	VERB	 used
As the 1911 Mexican Independence Day approached, the foreign community in Torreón became restless, remembering the violence that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
US 301 was moved onto the bypass and the adjacent portion of the Beltway when the projects were completed in	in	ADP	1957	NUM	 1957
At Talakad they built the Maralesvara temple, the Arakesvara temple and the Patalesvara temple. Unlike the Jain temples	temples	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
It is a sixteen music video collection, filmed by the group with various directors during their music career (	(	PUNCT	1997	NUM	1997
Seward accompanied Lincoln to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania in November 1863, where Lincoln was to deliver a short speech,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
ITV said that this decision reflected the " changing tastes " of viewers. The last episode of The Bill	Bill	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He was promoted to brigadier general in April 1953, and in July he became Fiscal Director of the Marine	Marine	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
RIDPW originally planned to begin construction in 1960, but it was delayed until 1963 due to ongoing construction projects	projects	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He then became first lieutenant of HMS Sincere, one of the prizes from Toulon, under the command of	of	ADP	Commander	PROPN	 Commander
Believing the novel's language to be " far more arcane than in [Austen's] later books,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
To ensure the safety of the 1798 China Fleet from Spanish attack, in July 1797 Rainier deployed Centurion,	,	PUNCT	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
A storyline also connected to this match was the on screen suspension and quitting of TNA wrestler Raven. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shortly afterward, Kenneth Soona, a computer hacker known as " The Thinker ", breaks into the Defense	Defense	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
Additionally, the game featured alternative battle modes, called " Special Melee, " which allows players to make	make	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
So what? ' And that in itself for some was a statement. " In an article for AfterElton	AfterElton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was originally released on November 21, 1988, in broadcast syndication. The story was originally written by	by	ADP	Jaron	PROPN	 Jaron
They won the Welsh Football League Cup in the 1995 – 96 season, and since then have won the	the	DET	Welsh	PROPN	 Welsh
We sense his untrustworthy nature immediately when he sits down beside the boys at a football game and doesn't	n't	PART	understand	VERB	 understand
They were supported by one company from Dalforce (named after its commander, Lieutenant Colonel John Dalley of the	the	DET	Malayan	PROPN	 Malayan
Veteran video game cover illustrator Marc Ericksen painted the North American box art, which included Mega Man firing a	a	DET	pistol	NOUN	 pistol
Darmstadtium is calculated to have similar properties to its lighter homologues, nickel, palladium, and platinum. Darmstadtium	Darmstadtium	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In ballet, Puss appears in the third act of Tchaikovsky's The Sleeping Beauty in a pas de caractère	caractère	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
. It was launched in Singapore at The Singapore Expo Hall on May 31, 2007, and was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
On his return to Port Royal he learned that Parker had promoted him to post captain on 11 June,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The guitar on " Under the Bridge " was played by Richard Hawley. Both videos were shot as a	a	DET	set	NOUN	 set
An Islamic oral tradition holds that during the Hijra, the journey from Mecca to Medina, Muhammad and his	his	PRON	companion	NOUN	 companion
A red roofed hut stood at the point where the attack was aimed. This was about 300 metres (	(	PUNCT	330	NUM	330
F marque models are developed by the Lexus Vehicle Performance Development Division. The first F marque model, the	the	DET	IS	PROPN	 IS
Shifting from teaching primarily camping skills to leadership competencies was a paradigm shift. It required rethinking the underlying assumptions	assumptions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Copulation lasts for several minutes, after which the sharks separate and resume their regular behavior. Off Moorea,	,	PUNCT	individual	ADJ	 individual
In the game's 100 levels, the player interacts with different types of circles to bring a counter to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Behring returned to Prinz Adalbert on 20 March. In the meantime, the Russians had briefly captured Memel.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Section 8 (1) of the Internal Security Act (" ISA ") empowers the Minister for Home	Home	PROPN	Affairs	PROPN	 Affairs
TechRadar also praised its performance and display quality, but considered the design of the G2 itself to be "	"	PUNCT	dull	ADJ	 dull
Furthermore, the more robust shaft of the femur sets it specifically apart from the Lear's macaw while the	the	DET	tibiotarsus	NOUN	 tibiotarsus
It was then filmed mainly on hotel sets constructed in the studio. The Doctor, Amy, and Rory	Rory	PROPN	's	PART	's
According to Gygax, both the scenario that became Expedition to the Barrier Peaks and Metamorphosis Alpha were successful at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
I'm the guy who did the dark center of the movie, with the Flesh Fair and everything else	else	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Her other films include the neo noir action film Max Payne (2008), the post apocalyptic action film	film	NOUN	The	DET	 The
The 84 acre (340,000 m2) University of Texas Medical Branch campus with an enrollment of more than 2,500	2,500	NUM	students	NOUN	 students
On 11 April 1913, he resigned his position as Director of Military Intelligence and was placed on the unattached	unattached	ADJ	list	NOUN	 list
Apu takes Lisa through a secret passageway hidden behind the cooler section assigned to non alcoholic beer leading to the	the	DET	Kwik	PROPN	 Kwik
Clemson's offense returned to the field at its 35 yard line after Georgia Tech's kickoff and a 30	30	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
Also, among the Náhuatl speaking people in the Pacific Ocean region of Michoacán, there is the cuauileros "	"	PUNCT	dance	NOUN	 dance
He made the New York Rangers roster out of training camp two consecutive years, but spent most of 2013	2013	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In February 2013, researchers calculated that up to 6% of small red dwarfs may have planets with Earth	Earth	PROPN	like	ADP	 like
50 Ω first arose as a nominal impedance during world war two work on radar and is a compromise between	between	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The Sydney Morning Herald ranked it the second greatest television hairstyle, while Metro ranked the " Rachel " the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
The tanks repelled the Israelis, who sustained significant losses from vastly overwhelming opposing forces. Brigadier General Hafez,	,	PUNCT	commanding	VERB	 commanding
In Australia, The Register protested at the prospect of performances by " trumpery little church choirs of 20 voices	voices	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
However, the actor did " [take it] very seriously ", and commented, " I can	can	AUX	get	VERB	 get
Tickets at Madison Square Garden rose up to $338.81, which was 42.6% higher than the average price	price	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The charges were dismissed for lack of evidence, and there is speculation that since one of the accused,	,	PUNCT	Lionardo	PROPN	 Lionardo
At its peak, the Apollo program employed 400,000 people and required the support of over 20,000 industrial firms and	and	CCONJ	universities	NOUN	 universities
They also entertained very often. Surviving household accounts show that the family purchased large quantities of beef, lamb	lamb	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One year later, 1895 had 24,000 members. The nationwide interest in the football squad has also been reflected	reflected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Deluxe Edition features additional photographs of the band and hand written lyrics for each song. The Blue Album	Album	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode an A – grade. John Keegan from Critical Myth gave	gave	VERB	the	DET	 the
Throughout Europe many fans regard Barcelona as their second club. Since the 2003 – 04 season, the club	club	NOUN	's	PART	's
On October 27, Sandy briefly weakened to a tropical storm, after dry air became fully ingested into the	the	DET	mid-	ADJ	 mid-
The name comes from the bridge's location at the base of Buckhorn Mountain, and from the road to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The New Zealand Women's team then won four straight World Cups (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010	2010	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Some songs that the Beatles were working on individually during this period were revisited for inclusion on the group's	's	PART	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
He said in 2003 that " to some degree there has been, in the 15 years since Watchmen,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Margaret removed Henry from London in 1456 for his own safety and until 1461, Henry's court divided almost	almost	ADV	all	PRON	 all
Matt Wink concluded that OutKast with this album " carved their place in the game and grabbed the world's	's	PART	attention	NOUN	 attention
At the crossing of the Huron River, US 24 / US 25 entered Flat Rock and Wayne County.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the Ashvamedhika Parva the tale is narrated with some variation. Uttanka is described as a brahmin who belonged	belonged	VERB	to	ADP	 to
East of NY 22, NY 343 is a rural minor arterial road carrying about 4,100 vehicles per day (	(	PUNCT	with	ADP	with
When she, her husband, and their three year old son were at the door, Wiens suddenly attacked	attacked	VERB	El	PROPN	 El
More recently, he has performed solo concerts concurrently with his latter career in Deep Purple, and his work	work	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hoping to imitate the success of the recent animated films Asterix the Gaul (1967) and Asterix and Cleopatra	Cleopatra	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Porter operated the camera for the film, and also developed the footage. Kansas Saloon Smashers marked one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Porter used the programme to trigger the sampled sounds of the live drum kit, featuring a Motownesque bassline.	.	PUNCT	Marr	PROPN	 Marr
In 2013 PPFA reported seeing 2.7 million patients in 4.6 million clinical visits. Roughly 16% of its clients	clients	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
" " I Don't Remember " was performed regularly on the Across the Great Divide Tour, generally with	with	ADP	positive	ADJ	 positive
After the release of Riven, Robyn Miller left the company to pursue other projects, while Rand stayed behind	behind	ADV	to	PART	 to
He then condensed the story, leaving a third beyond the scheduled game. The game's design phase lasted	lasted	VERB	three	NUM	 three
Stott's mills in Chadderton were some of the largest to be built in the United Kingdom, multiplying the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
This was a time of repression for the Welsh people and there were numerous uprisings and rebellions against English rule	rule	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After this, he was taken to hospital where he spent 10 days before rejoining the tour for the Derbyshire	Derbyshire	PROPN	match	NOUN	 match
After a scoreless third quarter, a pair of fourth quarter touchdowns gave Alabama the 38 – 10 victory.	.	PUNCT	Richardson	PROPN	 Richardson
The taxonomy of the genus of the pygmy hippopotamus has changed as understanding of the animal has developed. Samuel	Samuel	PROPN	G.	PROPN	 G.
On Shikoku, Muroto reported typhoon force winds for eight hours, and wind gusts peaked at 166 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
For instance, Kristó and Senga propose the existence of two Moravias (one in the north and other one	one	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Although the species is called a cod in the vernacular, it is not related to the Northern Hemisphere marine	marine	ADJ	cod	NOUN	 cod
The Mark I design was intended to look like it was built from spare parts. The back is less	less	ADV	armored	ADJ	 armored
Later accounts from the 10th century, place al Battal alongside Maslama during the latter's failed siege of Constantinople	Constantinople	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Those people who cry to me, I always tell them it is better to laugh than to use tissue	tissue	NOUN	paper	NOUN	 paper
He concluded that he was unable to stop playing the song after he heard it. Bill Lamb of About.com	About.com	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
In 1181 Pope Lucius III became concerned that Geoffrey was never going to be ordained or consecrated, and demanded	demanded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Mid way through the match, Hardy grabbed Abyss and placed him on a table at the top of the	the	DET	entrance	NOUN	 entrance
The majority of the original records of Mobile's colonial history, spanning the years 1702 through 1813, are	are	AUX	housed	VERB	 housed
Users are prompted before such information is able to be transmitted. The incorporation of Aladdin Systems ' iClean allows	allows	VERB	users	NOUN	 users
He attributes this to poor editing that failed to rid the book of the serialized nature of the original McClure	McClure	PROPN	's	PART	's
Nelson had been in pursuit of the French for three months, crossing the Mediterranean three times in his efforts	efforts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Tracking steadily west northwestward in response to a well developed subtropical ridge extending from the International Dateline to China,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hospitals in the area, including some over the Scottish border in Dumfries and Galloway, were put on standby	standby	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Johnson soon had his revenge. England reached 2 / 423 when Bedser was out caught and bowled	bowled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He also introduced the spell numbering system which is still in use, identifying 165 different spells. Lepsius promoted	promoted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Rædwald promised to protect him, and Edwin lived with the king amongst his royal companions. When news of	of	ADP	Edwin	PROPN	 Edwin
Existing tenants were slowly rehoused, and members of the Mosspetspromproyekt (Russian: Мосспецпромпроект) research institute took possession	possession	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ma ' rib recorded 189 mm (7.4 in) of rainfall, and the capital Sana ' a reported	reported	ADJ	164	NUM	 164
Within 24 hours of its release, Grand Theft Auto V generated more than $800 million in worldwide revenue	revenue	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When foraging in pairs, tufted tit tyrants have been observed using a perr reet call to stay in contact	contact	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The female cadets refused pictures unless their fish buddies (members of their freshman class in their unit) were	were	AUX	included	VERB	 included
Roddy Bottum also claims to have been mostly absent during this period, owing to the deaths of his father	father	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ylisse has slowly recovered from the war thanks to Emmeryn's peaceful actions. After dreaming of killing Chrom,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Miller then scored 34 as Australia set England 551 to win in seven hours. Miller then took 2 /	/	SYM	41	NUM	 41
Uranium oxyhalides are water soluble and include UO 2F 2, UOCl 2, UO 2Cl 2, and UO	UO	PROPN	2Br	NOUN	 2Br
Spike TV also aired a new trailer at the 2009 Scream Awards on October 27, 2009. American Idol	Idol	PROPN	finalist	NOUN	 finalist
He finally returned to Melbourne in January, before taking on Victoria. Miller top scored in both innings with	with	ADP	37	NUM	 37
During his scouting operations, Nelson had developed a plan to assault the French garrison of the Turks Islands.	.	PUNCT	Commanding	VERB	 Commanding
[...] " Additionally, McKidd describes Hunt as " very instinctive, and follows his gut, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Most of these Chinese leaders were also members of secret societies, and communal warfare often broke out in Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	between	ADP	 between
Political changes of the time were reflected in the Olympic teams appearing in France: this was the first Games	Games	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Furthermore, they found his personal habits, such as copious spitting, revolting. Shepstone's legal adviser William	William	PROPN	Morcom	PROPN	 Morcom
The idea of Monica and Joey was abandoned once the role of Joey was cast; actor Matt LeBlanc approached	approached	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In Tam Kỳ, the ARVN 4th and 5th Infantry Regiments were destroyed after two hours of heavy fighting,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
It is from the Santa Rosa fossil site, which is of uncertain age but possibly late Eocene (55	55	NUM	to	PART	 to
This marked a general trend in his work and life. As Robert L. Bernstein later said of that period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His approach was to create " real " and " alive " characters, though with consideration for the representation	representation	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The episode received mixed reviews from critics. Ahsan Haque of IGN said that " Family Guy has never really	really	ADV	done	VERB	 done
Several weeks following that report the Chicago Tribune held an exclusive interview with architect Santiago Calatrava and lead developer Garrett	Garrett	PROPN	Kelleher	PROPN	 Kelleher
In 884 / 885, Amr was formally deprived of his governorship of Khurasan in favour of the Dulafid Ahmad	Ahmad	PROPN	ibn	PROPN	 ibn
In June 1945, the Interim Committee asked George L. Harrison, an assistant to Stimson and a member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Argentina is vulnerable and will be significantly impacted by climate change. Temperatures have increased in the last century while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" On 4 February 1644, shortly after the decisive parliamentarian victory at the Battle of Nantwich, the hall	hall	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Although all of modern NY 31F was part of a legislative route at one time and was state maintained west	west	ADV	of	ADP	 of
In northern Europe, it grows from sea level up to 1,850 m altitude, while in China it grows	grows	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Han farmers also used the pit field system (aotian 凹田) for growing crops, which involved heavily fertilized	fertilized	VERB	pits	NOUN	 pits
Michael Atkinson of The Village Voice remarks, " [Leni's] adroitly atmospheric film is virtually an ideogram	ideogram	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
You just think ' I'm in proper hands here. '... She's up there with the great	great	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He designed the cover art for Styles of Beyond's debut album, 2000 Fold and for DJ Frane's	's	PART	debut	PROPN	 debut
According to the liner notes of The Permanent Record, " It's about as close as [Yankovic has	has	AUX	]	PUNCT	]
His pallbearers were all former All Blacks, and included fellow Original All Blacks George Tyler, George Nicholson and	and	CCONJ	George	PROPN	 George
There were two camps: the so called " peace " camp favored a diplomatic initiative to persuade Joseph Stalin	Stalin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He favoured the overall production of the album and praised Minogue for displaying a " sense of class ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
While the history of musical instruments in Mesopotamia and Egypt relies on artistic representations, the culture in Israel produced	produced	VERB	few	ADJ	 few
Before the live broadcast of the event began, William Regal and Paul Burchill defeated Paul London and Brian Kendrick	Kendrick	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Series ", which list songs from the series that were underrated at the time of their release. "	"	PUNCT	Rumors	NOUN	 Rumors
Reduced lobulation of the lungs is presumed to be adaptive for underwater swimming. In addition, the length of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For a star to be stable the rotational velocity must be below this value. Surface differential rotation is observed	observed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Eventually the King returned four, on condition that they would be sent back to him on the death of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Impedance can be thought of as an extension to the concept of resistance. Resistance is associated with energy dissipation	dissipation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was released March 14, 1995 on the Interscope Records label. It was his impending prison sentence,	,	PUNCT	troubles	NOUN	 troubles
Mari is voiced by Marina Inoue while Jumonji by Junichi Suwabe. During the Shiba siblings second year, Mayumi	Mayumi	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Foals are generally weaned from their mothers between four and six months of age. Horses, particularly colts,	,	PUNCT	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
In season, it is popular with tourists. The Skagen Line connects Skagen with Frederikshavn Station in Frederikshavn to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Henry responded, but travelled to London instead of joining the main campaign further east in Normandy, possibly at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
If either the abettor or the person abetted is a public servant whose duty it was to prevent the offence	offence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In September 2013 a five year partnership with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra was announced by the City Council. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
The visitor supplies him with the name of Mitsuhirato, a Japanese businessman based in Shanghai, but before finishing	finishing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
According to the European Parliament, 500,000 women in Europe had undergone FGM as of March 2009. France is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
In 1972, the crest was redesigned as the result of a competition, won by the Treasurer of the	the	DET	Supporters	PROPN	 Supporters
O'Kelly Kennedy was born on 21 June 1986. At birth one of her legs was shorter than the other	other	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The former expressway then ended at University Avenue with no further planned extension to Interstate 10. Route 153 was	was	AUX	deleted	VERB	 deleted
" Initially, scenes were filmed at the Seymour Demonstration Forest in North Vancouver. Although the typical shooting time	time	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
A month after release, Murray revealed at the annual Develop developers ' conference in Brighton some of the reasons	reasons	NOUN	publishers	NOUN	 publishers
Showing an aptitude for drawing at an early age, he was largely self taught, receiving only elementary painting	painting	NOUN	lessons	NOUN	 lessons
An investigation by the mining regulator following the incident found that it was caused by mining and further seismic events	events	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
In his later years he became more attached to the beliefs of his youth, and became the first Australian	Australian	ADJ	statesman	NOUN	 statesman
The age of PSR B1937 + 21 was also later determined to be 2.29 × 108 years, a value	value	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Personal investments, social exploration, and creativity became highly valued. The third part consists of the remaining five	five	NUM	chapters	NOUN	 chapters
This process involves either a highly modified form of the Calvin cycle or a recently discovered metabolic pathway called the	the	DET	3	NUM	 3
Vitamins are classified as either water soluble or fat soluble. In humans there are 13 vitamins: 4 fat	fat	NOUN	soluble	ADJ	 soluble
None of the top five players in singles (Rose, Ty Cobb, Eddie Collins, Cap Anson,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
His government also introduced a controversial sexual sterilization program to prevent the mentally disabled from procreating. His government's	's	PART	fortunes	NOUN	 fortunes
Pre game media coverage of the game focused on Auburn being left out of the national championship game, a	a	DET	point	NOUN	 point
According to Lee Allen, baseball historian and writer, the scorecard shows that Borden gave up two bases on	on	ADP	balls	NOUN	 balls
Released outside the United States and Canada, " Leave Me Alone " topped the Irish charts, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
In 1984 he began writing a column for the Nottingham Evening Post. Brentford also organised a testimonial match for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
The station crest of the former RAF Leuchars, Fife, also showed the Saltire, in this case surmounted	surmounted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The film was done in film noir style, and Mansfield appeared alongside Dan Duryea and Martha Vickers. The	The	DET	Burglar	PROPN	 Burglar
McClellan had also placed hopes on a simultaneous naval approach to Richmond via the James River. That approach failed	failed	VERB	following	VERB	 following
US 13, now known as North Salisbury Boulevard, continues north into a commercial area on a six lane	lane	NOUN	divided	VERB	 divided
Thus, there is a potential risk of OROV infection in humans. Before the discovery of OROV, one	one	NUM	hantavirus	NOUN	 hantavirus
To protect its sensitive brain and eyes from the temperature changes accompanying these movements, the bigeye thresher has a	a	DET	vascular	ADJ	 vascular
However, in an interview, director Paul W. S. Anderson said that, if Resident Evil: Afterlife succeeds	succeeds	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
She commended Benz for " develop [ing] her character, Rita, into a person instead of just	just	ADV	the	DET	 the
In his autobiography, Helm recalled how he listened to the recordings the Hawks had made with Dylan, and	and	CCONJ	remembered	VERB	 remembered
In this pose, Kentrosaurus could have fed at heights of 3.3 m (11 ft). Because the	the	DET	tail	NOUN	 tail
Another point of contention, though mainly among Harrison's biographers, concerns Leon Russell. Alan Clayson bristles at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is known for her work with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) on its ECW brand under the ring	ring	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
Portugal's Sérgio Paulinho, the silver medalist at the 2004 event, was said to be in insufficient shape	shape	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In the Ananda Ramayana, both Trijata and Sarama journey to Ayodhya in the Pushpaka Vimana. Later, when	when	SCONJ	Sita	PROPN	 Sita
" Lisa the Vegetarian " originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 15, 1995	1995	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The same treatment befell his own headquarters at Kweilin in October. As he circled Kweilin one final time in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
During the height of his career, from 1936 to 1943, he played a new type of hero —	—	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Funding for the initial phase of pre excavation research came from the Richard III Society's bursary fund and members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In December 940, al Radi died. Bajkam remained at Wasit, but sent his secretary to Baghdad to	to	PART	convene	VERB	 convene
After having her face burned in the season nine finale, Tess wakes up in the season ten premiere,	,	PUNCT	with	SCONJ	 with
Miami was penalized 15 yards for roughing the kicker during the field goal attempt, allowing Tech to kick off	off	ADP	from	ADP	 from
In the summer of 1997, Tony Iommi, Geezer Butler, and Ozzy Osbourne officially reunited to co headline	headline	VERB	the	DET	 the
Weiquan lawyers have also challenged the application of state secret laws, which are sometimes used to prosecute individuals who	who	PRON	disseminate	VERB	 disseminate
They then released their debut single " She's Hearing Voices " on the then fledgling record label Trash Aesthetics	Aesthetics	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Much of Shen Kuo's written work was probably purged under the leadership of minister Cai Jing (1046 –	–	PUNCT	1126	NUM	 1126
I. / JG 51 exchanged the Avia B 534 biplanes for the Bf 109 and was charged with protection of	of	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
" She had a supporting role as Eleanor Costello, a nurse who befriends Robin Williams ' character in the	the	DET	Academy	PROPN	 Academy
For the Bob, Brownlee temporarily abandoned his seriousness to write skits poking fun at the college and his classmates	classmates	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Intravenous dosing varies with weight, specifically in children. For patients less than 20 kg, the loading dose	dose	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Files also revealed that the IDF had practiced crossing the Jordan River in 1966 during the Jordanian occupation of the	the	DET	West	PROPN	 West
This contributed to the complete unravelling of Chetnik – Partisan cooperation in eastern Bosnia. The Partisan main force was	was	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
The structure of the tournament was similar to the 1999 World Cup. The 14 teams were assigned to two	two	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
The move to the PlayStation 2 allowed for real time streaming of music. Meguro considers this " the point	point	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" A year and a half later, during her husband's campaign for the presidency, The New York	York	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
German engineers and technicians that accompanied earlier UB I boats to Pola worked under the supervision of Kapitänleutnant Hans Adam	Adam	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Geoff Andrew of Time Out noted that the " string of hummable songs gives it momentum, Gray's admirably	admirably	ADV	straight	ADJ	 straight
Films demonstrating his artistic range include I'm All Right Jack (1959), Stanley Kubrick's Lolita (	(	PUNCT	1962	NUM	1962
They shall suffer for this. " Lincoln died at 7: 22 am the next morning; Johnson's	's	PART	swearing	NOUN	 swearing
He began reading everything he could about the " art of writing ", and then plotted the whole Inheritance	Inheritance	PROPN	Cycle	PROPN	 Cycle
A concoction of tar, lime, and petrol gel known as 5B was also developed. " 5B was	was	AUX	dark	ADJ	 dark
Upon opening in 1997, it set world records for this type of coaster in height, drop, speed	speed	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other bacteria found on lettuce include Aeromonas species, which have not been linked to any outbreaks; Campylobacter species	species	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The next day, Peter Parker gets across town as Spider Man, unaware that Montana and his men are	are	AUX	watching	VERB	 watching
Nevertheless, nobody expected the government to fall as soon as it did. On 4 November 1915, Mongenast	Mongenast	PROPN	nominated	VERB	 nominated
" Comparing Angelina to herself, she said: " There are some things that I, Diana, would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
A couple, Abi Raven (Elaine Glover) and Daniel Raven (Chris Hargreaves) befriended Ste and tried	tried	VERB	to	PART	 to
Under these conditions, enormous bursts of star formation are triggered, so rapid that most of the gas is	is	AUX	converted	VERB	 converted
" As well as essential information on lodgings, service stations and garages, it provided details of leisure facilities	facilities	NOUN	open	ADJ	 open
Burke scored eight points in the final 1: 15 of regulation time, including a game tying long three	three	NUM	pointer	NOUN	 pointer
" The music video debuted on iLike, an online music service on October 27, 2008. The music	music	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
At 0000 UTC on August 18, the National Hurricane Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch (TAFB)	)	PUNCT	indicated	VERB	 indicated
The word diet derives from Latin and was a common name for an assembly in medieval Germany. The Meiji	Meiji	PROPN	constitution	NOUN	 constitution
Both U.S. battalions dug in for the night while artillery bombarded the Japanese positions. Between 20 and 23 December	December	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With priority of effort being given to the campaigns in the Philippines and Borneo, the arrival of the 6th	6th	ADJ	Division	PROPN	 Division
Neither of the two was happy with the situation, and at the end of April 1846 she had a	a	DET	lawyer	NOUN	 lawyer
" Mitch Pileggi, who portrayed Walter Skinner, was pleased with the final product. He later complimented the	the	DET	work	NOUN	 work
The 77 yard pass from Rix to Walker was the third longest in Gator Bowl history. On the opposite	opposite	ADJ	side	NOUN	 side
Just before Christmas, the team boarded a train in Ann Abor for a three day trip across the country	country	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These flocks, called ' coalitions ', usually comprise five to eight birds, although coalitions of up to	to	PART	40	NUM	 40
" Set the World Afire " is the first song Dave Mustaine wrote for Megadeth after being fired from Metallica	Metallica	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She debuted on WWE's Raw brand in May 2006, but suffered a legitimate broken jaw the following month	month	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On August 29, the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Dujuan, although the JTWC had upgraded a	a	DET	day	NOUN	 day
In 1869 the Craven estate, now heavily in debt, was sold to the wealthy industrialist John Derby Allcroft	Allcroft	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
After working as a demo singer in the 1980s, he signed with Epic Records ' Nashville division in 1990	1990	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Later into the match, as Michaels was about to perform Sweet Chin Music on Triple H, Edge interfered	interfered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Generally when he had concluded a period, in the course of a dispute, by which time he was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
From 1 – 7 June, II Brigade had 47 calls through wireless interception, shot down one German aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Holroyd started his football career at Crewe Alexandra, progressing through the club's youth system. He subsequently joined	joined	VERB	Chester	PROPN	 Chester
When making her final appearance in " Preemptive Strike ", she is tasked by Starfleet to infiltrate the Maquis	Maquis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After a brief, informal trial, he was executed by firing squad. Yagan remained at large for over	over	ADP	two	NUM	 two
While the Stoics became the most well known proponents of the argument from design, the atomistic counter arguments were	were	AUX	refined	VERB	 refined
The North Koreans were driven off at dawn, but Major Eugene J. Carson, battalion executive officer, then	then	ADV	discovered	VERB	 discovered
It is found at low elevations in semi arid to humid habitats ranging from shrubland and abandoned farmland to woodland	woodland	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Some publications found fault with complaints which remained from the original, including the combat system. IGN and GamePro	GamePro	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
Weeks of tension and slow progress nearly prompted the group to break up until they made a breakthrough with the	the	DET	improvised	VERB	 improvised
They failed to reconnoitre properly the Bulgarian forces opposing them, and instead their army broke and fled leaving behind	behind	ADP	their	PRON	 their
An exception is in the Sundarbans, where healthy tigers prey upon fishermen and villagers in search of forest produce	produce	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The report led to Scientology being banned in Victoria, Western Australia and South Australia, and led to more	more	ADJ	negative	ADJ	 negative
Its men had come from many walks of life, and while some were too old to join the AIF	AIF	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" John C. Reilly as Rhomann Dey: A corpsman in the Nova Corps, the Nova Empire's military	military	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
A week later Frusciante responded to Turley's demands saying that he refuses to pay her any more money and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The film marked the beginning of a collaboration between Gopalakrishnan and cinematographer Mankada Ravi Varma. Gopalakrishnan had seen Varma	Varma	PROPN	's	PART	's
Players found that the SecuROM limited the number of times the game could be activated to two; user feedback	feedback	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
The 174th Infantry Brigade was first constituted on 5 August 1917 in the National Army. It was organized on	on	ADP	25	NUM	 25
It traces its roots to the UP College of Agriculture (UPCA), which was founded in 1909 by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The final artwork, showing Guybrush and Elaine brandishing cutlasses on a ship emerging from fog, was favored as	as	SCONJ	Purcell	PROPN	 Purcell
The burned man cuts Dean's throat in the dream, but in reality it appears that Dean is cutting	cutting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
On November 12 in the Champions Classic at his hometown United Center, Parker posted 27 points, 9 rebounds	rebounds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Yaish's four year term legally expired in December 2009. While elections in the West Bank were scheduled for	for	ADP	17	NUM	 17
" The end result for either scenario, " Grauso concluded, " Is that, hopefully, ratings move	move	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Bahrain Centre for Human Rights published detailed allegations of the torture allegedly inflicted on the Bahrain Thirteen. On 8	8	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
Danforth, along with Daniel Gookin and the Indian missionary Reverend John Eliot, was a vocal supporter of the	the	DET	Praying	PROPN	 Praying
" The collection was included in the God of War III Ultimate Trilogy Edition, released on March 18,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
Her wreck was salvaged the next year by the Italians, who interred U 12's crewmen in a Venetian	Venetian	ADJ	cemetery	NOUN	 cemetery
The cover of the album was designed by Barrett; it was originally one of many drawings Barrett had done	done	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It occurs in Metropolitan Natural Park, an urban park within Panama City. In Colombia, it occurs on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Parseghian's teams beat Notre Dame four straight times after their annual series was renewed in 1959 following a decade	decade	NOUN	long	ADJ	 long
In 30 Tests as captain, he scored 2,550 runs at an average of 50, with seven centuries.	.	PUNCT	Remaining	VERB	 Remaining
Edgar's death had encouraged the reactionary nobles, and at once there was a determined attack upon the monks	monks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Herzberg: Bautz. cols. 345 – 350. ISBN 3 88309 064 6. Tsanev, Stefan (	(	PUNCT	2006	NUM	2006
Military sociology also concerns civilian military relations and interactions between other groups or governmental agencies. Topics include the dominant	dominant	ADJ	assumptions	NOUN	 assumptions
To enable the southbound tunnel of the main route to avoid the branch tunnels, it was constructed at a	a	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
Similar to other alkali metals, rubidium metal reacts violently with water. As with potassium (which is slightly	slightly	ADV	less	ADV	 less
The birth of her daughter and son are chronicled and her marriage to Guy Ritchie. Madonna includes detailed descriptions	descriptions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There are 150 unique players on 18 teams, each with thematic personalities in appearance, play style, and	and	CCONJ	profanity	NOUN	 profanity
Off the coast, waves generated by the tropical cyclone reached 4.5 m (15 ft). Twenty vessels	vessels	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In May 2007, Rowling pledged a donation reported as over £250,000 to a reward fund started by the	the	DET	tabloid	ADJ	 tabloid
Originally she was a fountain of knowledge then next thing I know, people are telling Dot what had been	been	AUX	happening	VERB	 happening
Sweet shops or mahal al hilaweyat, can be found in the souks of cities and major towns, they	they	PRON	offer	VERB	 offer
Reisdorf and Wuttke (2012) described the taphonomical phenomena of the German specimen of Compsognathus. The Compsognathus specimen	specimen	NOUN	discovered	VERB	 discovered
Seydlitz turned back with the screen of light cruisers at a speed of 15 knots (28 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The plants at Willow Run produced B 24 Liberator bombers by Ford Motor Company during World War II. The	The	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In his 1994 book The Complete Guide to the Music of The Doors, Peter K. Hogan describes the album	album	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
At age 40, Johnson returned to the Minneapolis Millers as a player coach for the 1938 – 39 season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Indiana's defense also held fast on the next possession, and Tech was unable to gain a first down	down	ADV	following	VERB	 following
The town is a major transport hub for the area of Zagreb County and Zagreb itself. It is thus	thus	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Mortimer's time was.07 second faster than her April Trials record, and.14 second faster than Pascoe's time;	;	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
His arrival provided the catalyst for the band's musical and emotional evolution. By 2000, all band members	members	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
By 1 January 1922, the weather had abated: " Rest and calm after the storm – the year	year	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The majority of critics have been intrigued by her " polarising personality " and branded it as one of the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Antennae are extremely sensitive; the feathered antennae of male moths from the Saturniidae, Lasiocampidae and many other families	families	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
On successive nights in October 2007, he addressed first the students and faculty of Virginia Tech, then the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
. Hughes redesigned the album's cover, and went on to design almost every KMFDM album cover. Watts	Watts	PROPN	left	VERB	 left
Murshid Quli Khan arrived as the Diwan of Bengal in 1717 AD. Before his arrival, there were four	four	NUM	Diwans	PROPN	 Diwans
Storm surge peaked at 6.4 ft (1.95 m) above average in western portions of Lake Pontchartrain. A	A	DET	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
Shortly after the start of her third such voyage, however, she collided with another U.S. Navy vessel,	,	PUNCT	USS	PROPN	 USS
Despite the marginally favorable conditions, the overall structure improved on November 1, with pronounced outflow developing along the	the	DET	western	ADJ	 western
As a result, the American Red Cross was able to collect only $3 million of $5 million	million	NUM	needed	VERB	 needed
The station is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon. On the other side of the tracks, about 200 metres (660	660	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Forming from a tropical wave on October 13 in the central tropical Atlantic Ocean, Nicholas slowly developed due to	to	ADP	moderate	ADJ	 moderate
In January 1943, Pius XII declined to denounce publicly the Nazi discrimination against the Jews, following requests to	to	PART	do	AUX	 do
On October 30, Wednesday 13 joined Hanoi Rocks frontman Michael Monroe at Fopp Records in Covent Garden, London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jack seeks retribution for personal losses suffered after Charles Logan convinces Taylor to cover up these crimes to protect the	the	DET	peace	NOUN	 peace
In the melee Magnus was pierced by a spear through both thighs above the knees but he fought on,	,	PUNCT	attempting	VERB	 attempting
Unlike other Mac computers, the Mac Pro did not include an infrared receiver (required to use the Apple	Apple	PROPN	Remote	PROPN	 Remote
Authorities such as the American Academy of Pediatrics define lead poisoning as blood lead levels higher than 10 μg /	/	SYM	dL.	PROPN	 dL.
Hubert, accompanied by Henry, moved into Wales to suppress Llywelyn in 1223, and in England his forces	forces	NOUN	steadily	ADV	 steadily
One reason is that black holes are the most compact objects that can orbit each other as part of a	a	DET	binary	ADJ	 binary
Hassett came in at 117 / 2 and Australia closed at 153 / 2. Morris was unbeaten on 77	77	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
With progression of the disease, the myometrium is infiltrated. Endometrial carcinoma is surgically staged using the FIGO cancer	cancer	NOUN	staging	NOUN	 staging
However, when Nicola arranges a meal that they both attend, Ivan and Paul get drunk and flirt.	.	PUNCT	Ivan	PROPN	 Ivan
The Miami Hurricane Warning Office (HWO) was moved from Lindsey Hopkins Hotel to the Aviation Building 4 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The first official single, " Sunshowers ", was M.I.A. ' s first on XL and was released on	on	ADP	5	NUM	 5
" A drug addiction subplot was removed based on Barris's request for historical authenticity. Clooney was adamant that	that	SCONJ	Barris	PROPN	 Barris
However, her father also converts. The locals, who have been stirred up by Takeo, go on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Merchandise has been modeled after Naruto, including key chains, and action figures. In the 2009 Society for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chain length, side chains and functional groups all affect the properties of organic molecules. Carbon occurs in all	all	DET	known	VERB	 known
Krusty did attend the school, where he said he made the other students laugh by doing funny impressions of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Based on experience with Imperator Aleksandr II in which the casemate mounted secondary armament could often not be worked in	in	ADP	rough	ADJ	 rough
He needed a new collaborator, so he took on Hilde Levi, whose recent thesis had impressed him.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Blücher had a draft of 8.84 m (29.0 ft) forward, but slightly less aft, at 8.56	8.56	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The league restricts the number of import players which can be dressed for a game, with a current limit	limit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Only a handful of buildings survive in the castle's planned town of Skipsea Brough. Skipsea Castle was a	a	DET	motte	NOUN	 motte
Look, it's a mainstream animated movie, and how often are those considered thought provoking? " The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The designers allow the player to decide on a whole series of value choices and choose a " ruthless "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
– the elder brother of future US President John F. Kennedy – was killed when the drone aircraft exploded prematurely	prematurely	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The Hoysala style is an offshoot of the Western Chalukya style, which was popular in the 10th and 11th	11th	ADJ	centuries	NOUN	 centuries
Next morning, his bowling improved as he established a good length, delivering a spell of seven overs in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
On May 2, 2007, Homme, Van Leeuwen and new band member Dean Fertita appeared on London radio	radio	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
Raynolds divided his expedition, sending a smaller detachment under Maynadier to explore the Tongue River, a major tributary	tributary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a result, tropical cyclogenesis was impeded and convective activity remained minimal. As the low pressure system turned	turned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
His previous works included a statue of Nathan Hale in New York City, Columbian Fountain at the World's	's	PART	Columbian	PROPN	 Columbian
That game, which took place a few days later, resulted in a 22 – 0 Cincinnati win,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
By revealing such large numbers of very young galaxies, the HDF has become a landmark image in the study	study	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The local police force is powerless to stop the practice, so Duking, an influential man in Pyrite,	,	PUNCT	asks	VERB	 asks
They were escorted by a number of destroyers, torpedo boats, and minesweepers. The bombardment went as planned	planned	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Mareković, who was expected to succeed Červenko as the Chief of the General Staff, was passed over in	in	ADP	favour	NOUN	 favour
The album was critically acclaimed as her " breakthrough album ". The recording peaked at number one on the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Meanwhile, as NXT host, Striker was frequently bullied and even assaulted by troublemakers Curt Hawkins and Tyler Reks	Reks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1858, geologist Ebenezer Emmons described two large fossil teeth found in Bladen County, North Carolina. Emmons	Emmons	NOUN	assigned	VERB	 assigned
" By the time it arrived, the reactors at Hanford produced plutonium in quantity, and Oppenheimer was confident	confident	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Newton's Second Law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass	mass	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The inscriptions state the year in figures and the name of the winning nation in its national language; for	for	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
As early as April 1835, military commanders in Texas began requesting reinforcements, fearing the citizens would revolt.	.	PUNCT	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
The issue was one of the highest selling issues of Playboy ever. Surrounding the release of the issue,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" A significant portion of reviews drew parallels between Carnivàle and David Lynch's 1990s mystery TV series Twin Peaks	Peaks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The film also received positive reviews in the United States. Derek Elley of Variety praised Broadbent and Dalton as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Calling him a " Spanish Portuguese ", suspecting and accusing him of his recently proved Jewish converso origin.	.	PUNCT	De	PROPN	 De
Malmö Municipality announced on 25 April 2005 its intention to either help the club renovate Malmö Stadion, or build	build	VERB	a	DET	 a
These cartoonists frequently took political positions contrary to those of the papers in which they were published. Macpherson drew	drew	VERB	a	DET	 a
A final major peace conference held at Casco Bay in July 1727 formally closed hostilities, and included Dummer,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Decla producer Rudolf Meinert introduced Hermann Warm to Wiene and provided Warm the Caligari script, asking him to come	come	VERB	up	ADP	 up
He served as vice chairman of the Indonesian delegation at the UN in 1966, becoming the delegation's adviser	adviser	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
1852), and North River Mills United Methodist Church (1860). As of October 2015, the	the	DET	church	NOUN	 church
Research on animals comprises another body of literature describing delayed gratification characteristics that are not as easily tested in human	human	ADJ	samples	NOUN	 samples
A joint NATO – Russia peacekeeping operation was supposed to police Kosovo. Russia wanted their peacekeeping force to operate	operate	VERB	independently	ADV	 independently
Other destructive Eastern Pacific hurricanes include Pauline and Kenna, both causing severe damage after striking Mexico as major hurricanes	hurricanes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In response to this increasing competition, natural ice companies examined various options. Some invested in plant ice themselves	themselves	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Increasing numbers of Cubans fled to Florida, but were labelled " scum " and " lumpen " by Castro	Castro	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Many of the plaintiff's experts also relied on the reported detection of measles virus RNA in Michelle's	's	PART	intestinal	ADJ	 intestinal
A Basic Law was established so that if the victor for mayor was a Catholic, his deputy should be	be	AUX	of	ADP	 of
I don't think so. " The Star Ledger's Alan Sepinwall commented that Will & Grace " has	has	AUX	already	ADV	 already
There is no consensus among scholars regarding the origin of sod construction on the Plains. Some maintain that the	the	DET	inspiration	NOUN	 inspiration
England retained the Wisden trophy at Old Trafford by taking an unbeatable 2 – 0 lead, They ultimately won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
She had a beam of 36 feet (11.0 m), a depth of hold of 12 feet 8	8	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
Recognition tests typically show all of the studied words and a number of non studied words, the lures.	.	PUNCT	Researchers	NOUN	 Researchers
The species was first described by Arun Kumar Thirovoth Kottuvetta and P. Manimohan in the journal Mycotaxon in 2009,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The English and Romanian Adoptees Study Team, led by Michael Rutter, followed some of the children into their	their	PRON	teens	NOUN	 teens
Hobbomuck is also credited with slaying a giant human eating beaver who lived in a great lake that existed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Loma Portal lies directly in the takeoff pattern for planes from Lindbergh Field, making it the home of the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The major novelist in the second half of the twentieth century was Emyr Humphreys (1919)., who	who	PRON	during	ADP	 during
The gardens lay abandoned until their 20th century re creation. As there were no surviving records of the layout	layout	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although they broke up in 1914, Brooks painted Rubinstein more often than any other subject; for Brooks,	,	PUNCT	Rubinstein	PROPN	 Rubinstein
The President of Croatia is elected to a five year term by a direct vote of all citizens in a	a	DET	two	NUM	 two
Later in 1797, he traveled to Prague and remained with his family until May 1798, when he received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
Heseltine's last notice for the Daily Mail was dated 17 June; later that month he resigned, frustrated	frustrated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Mounted on a tank, the 3 RAR second in command, Major Ian Ferguson, captured over 1,600 North	North	ADJ	Korean	ADJ	 Korean
The nocturnal aye aye has only been seen once at the park, although one old nest and traces of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Her crew numbered 774 officers and men. The metacentric height of the ship was low, a little above	above	ADP	2	NUM	 2
Individual review scores ranged from a 50% approval by Edge magazine to a 94% approval by Gaming Trend	Trend	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the meal, Jesus predicts that one of his apostles will betray him. Despite each Apostle's assertion	assertion	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
It originally aired on the Fox network on November 14, 1997. The episode was written by Glen Morgan	Morgan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The division was also assigned a round out brigade from the Army National Guard, the 27th Infantry Brigade.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Producer Drew McCoy wrote that the non human artificial intelligence (AI) players were not bots meant to replace	replace	VERB	humans	NOUN	 humans
Some kings converted to Christianity, although not all by 1000. Scandinavians also expanded and colonised throughout Europe.	.	PUNCT	Besides	SCONJ	 Besides
The Srikula (family of Sri) tradition (sampradaya) focuses worship on Devi in the form of the	the	DET	goddess	NOUN	 goddess
Since the late nineteenth century, there has been all manner of speculation about rongorongo. Most remained obscure,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Attalus was a young child when his father died, sometime before 241 BC, after which he was adopted	adopted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Every year, the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) conducts a series of surveys on its highways	highways	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The underground storerooms played important roles in the Fort. For one, they protected ammunition from being ignited by	by	ADP	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
Watts Morgan was married twice, first to Elizabeth Williams then to Blanche Amy Morgan. Blanche was herself a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
In the DVD commentary for the episode, Kruse stated that she and staff animator Alex Ruiz had to re	re	AUX	draw	VERB	 draw
In order to prevent French attacks against American merchantmen in the Caribbean, the United States Navy maintained four squadrons	squadrons	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Harris County Juvenile Probation Department runs the Burnett Bayland Reception Center and the Burnett Bayland Home, residential post	post	NOUN	adjudication	NOUN	 adjudication
Sales in the US were poor, with only 5,000 copies sold in the first year of publication. Philip	Philip	PROPN	Day	PROPN	 Day
Scholars Bhaskar and Allen described the film as a tableau vivant of " Islamicate culture ", evidenced in its	its	PRON	ornate	NOUN	 ornate
In January 1953 Hagerstrom was transferred to Osan Air Base to help with the transition from propeller P 38s to	to	ADP	jet	NOUN	 jet
In the early Iron Age, from the seventh century BCE, cellular houses begin to be replaced on the	the	DET	northern	ADJ	 northern
Groves was promoted to captain on 20 October 1934. He attended the Command and General Staff School at Fort	Fort	PROPN	Leavenworth	PROPN	 Leavenworth
The maximum speed attained by the 152 before its crash was only 840 kilometers per hour (520 mph)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The verses of André 3000 were supplanted by those from Cole; all other elements of the remix are identical	identical	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard, the ride features a total of seven inversions including two vertical loops, a	a	DET	dive	ADJ	 dive
The song's music video, which was produced and directed by the Erwin Brothers, depicts a family slowly	slowly	ADV	deteriorating	VERB	 deteriorating
Darrow admitted that he had copied the game from a friend's set, and he and Barton reached a	a	DET	revised	VERB	 revised
Historian Donald concludes that, " His repeated efforts to avoid collision in the months between inauguration and the firing	firing	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
McDowell struck first, crossing Bull Run and threatening Beauregard's left flank. For a while, Beauregard persisted	persisted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Works of art in Malvern include fountains, statues, and Malvern water spouts by the sculptor Rose Garrard.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
He also captained the side for the first time in this series, deputising for the injured Nasser Hussain.	.	PUNCT	Trescothick	PROPN	 Trescothick
The reputation of the locomotive amongst its crews as being a poor steamer was eventually to disappear – but only	only	ADV	after	SCONJ	 after
Arthur Munby observed that in the " barbarous locality " of Wigan, the sight of a female colliery worker	worker	NOUN	wearing	VERB	 wearing
By the end of the hostilities the Company had spent £2 million on the war effort, most of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Schubart wrote " Die Forelle " in 1782, while imprisoned in the fortress of Hohenasperg; he was a	a	DET	prisoner	NOUN	 prisoner
Eko appears to briefly awaken and tells Locke that he must rescue Jack, Kate and Sawyer. Upon arriving	arriving	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" She joined the cast of the Grey's Anatomy spin off Private Practice, which began airing in September	September	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
Roadways is the major mode of transport to Nagapattinam, while the city also has rail and sea transport.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA, as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the	the	DET	merger	NOUN	 merger
The game's music is dynamic and is designed to reflect players ' gameplay style. As a result,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Ronán Conroy of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland wrote in 2006 that cosmetic genital procedures were " driving	driving	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, during the 1890s, manufacturing growth slowed dramatically. The Panic of 1893 and subsequent depression and the	the	DET	overproduction	NOUN	 overproduction
The plane went off the runway, rolled down an embankment, struck a ditch, and continued into the	the	DET	intersection	NOUN	 intersection
Bodrog and her companions then destroyed two Romanian patrol boats and an improvised minelayer on their way back to Belene	Belene	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The depression trekked generally northward and dissipated about 505 mi (815 km) south southeast of Cape Race,	,	PUNCT	Newfoundland	PROPN	 Newfoundland
By the early 1970s, the police have cracked down on Barrett's business, and their own corruption,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Tunny soon exposes the do nothing go nowhere quicksand of their lives (" City of the Damned ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
He left two items on the Moon, both of which he photographed. The most famous is a plastic	plastic	ADJ	encased	VERB	 encased
" According to this view, if one was under the law of grace, then moral law did not	not	PART	apply	VERB	 apply
" Joseph Needham suggests that the proto shells described in the Huolongjing may be among the first of their kind	kind	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2004, Australia won a Test series in India for the first time since 1969. It was speculated	speculated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He played for Portsmouth in one pre season friendly, but Portsmouth decided instead to sign another former Manchester City	City	PROPN	playmaker	NOUN	 playmaker
It's true: You can be famous – even if there's no money left in the world.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Khánh saw the tense situation as an opportunity to increase his power. On August 7, he declared a	a	DET	state	NOUN	 state
Ann Powers of Los Angeles Times discussed about the malfunction, saying: " As a pop queen, Beyoncé	Beyoncé	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Instead of traveling from Hebei to Hubei to inspect land, Zhou travels from Shaanxi to Kaifeng City in Henan	Henan	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Carefully choosing the two covering subspaces so that, together with their intersection, they have simpler (co)	)	PUNCT	homology	NOUN	 homology
A black and white movies look, but with an intensity that was sort of aggressive. I think for	for	ADP	me	PRON	 me
Mecklenburg was initially based in Kiel and used as a floating prison. In early 1918, she became a	a	DET	barracks	NOUN	 barracks
Shaw describes the text as " a meditation of our Lord as Messiah in Christian thought and belief ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" She was a member of the Women's City Club in Detroit, but in 1967, said she	she	PRON	would	AUX	 would
In October 2013, Hazard, as a substitute, scored the game clinching goal in a 3 – 1	1	NUM	Premier	PROPN	 Premier
This separation of the floating harbour and the tidal River Avon allows boats in the harbour to remain floating at	at	ADP	low	ADJ	 low
The main improvement was the replacement of the triple torpedo tube mounts in the older ships with quadruple mounts.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Adair was the clear leader of the Relief faction, and his popularity had been enhanced thanks to his lengthy	lengthy	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Donald Faison lends his voice to the character Baby Snaps in " Princess Cookie ". Tom Gammill, Melissa	Melissa	PROPN	Villasenor	PROPN	 Villasenor
A diameter reduction to 4 inches (100 mm) increased the pressure to about 80 PSI, and the	the	DET	water	NOUN	 water
The September 1809 issue of the Irish Monthly Magazine, edited by the revolution minded Walter " Watty " Cox	Cox	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The nature of this genus ' integument, be it scales or something else, is currently unknown, although	although	SCONJ	potential	ADJ	 potential
" When asked why Michael's alias was not an allusion to a literary or historical figure, as with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
It was occasionally used by small aircraft. Interest from military leaders for an airport at Banak returned in 1955	1955	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Marochetti described his work as being inspired by Richard I rather than accurately depicting a 12th century knight. It	It	PRON	stands	VERB	 stands
Earwigs are characterized by the cerci, or the pair of forceps like pincers on their abdomen; male earwigs	earwigs	NOUN	generally	ADV	 generally
Martin drew widespread media attention when she closed her show on March 3, 2014, with a minute long	long	ADJ	statement	NOUN	 statement
In heavy rain, the scores were level until ten minutes from time, when goalkeeper George Hollis was barged	barged	VERB	into	ADP	 into
" The book was later adapted for a TV movie Bad As I Wanna Be: The Dennis Rodman Story	Story	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The South West Coast Path, National Trail, begins at South Haven Point at the entrance to Poole Harbour	Harbour	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Watt's innovations made coal a more cost effective power source, leading to the increased use of the steam	steam	NOUN	engine	NOUN	 engine
The screenplay was written by Simon Moore but includes contributions from Joss Whedon. The story focuses on " The	The	DET	Lady	PROPN	 Lady
' During the battle however, Midshipman William Baddock commented that ' The old Neptune, which never was a	a	DET	good	ADJ	 good
Used mainly as a pinch hitter, Bowker had no hits in 13 at bats with Philadelphia. Following the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
In May 1944 she was transferred to the 11th Escort Group to support the Allied landings in Normandy. On	On	ADP	D	PROPN	 D
It is sited at the western edge of the city's central plain at the mouth of the steep Caversham	Caversham	PROPN	Valley	PROPN	 Valley
With the proposal of the U.S. Highway System in 1925, US 13 was planned as one of three routes	routes	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Soon after, she was signed by Jay Z to Def Jam. The X Factor winner Melanie Amaro performed	performed	VERB	the	DET	 the
East: Horatio Austin (HMS Resolute), Erasmus Ommanney (HMS Assistance), plus 2 steam tenders	tenders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The series also took second place (after My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic) in a TV.com readers	readers	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Kasim beg, who had been awarded the high court title protostrator, felt that the rise of George Terter	Terter	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Parker's main battery consisted of four 4 in (100 mm) / 50 caliber Mark 9 guns,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The full version was first performed at the final show of American Idol season 10 on May 25, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the Hampton Roads area, many streets were inundated and blocked. Hundreds of dwellings were flooded, forcing	forcing	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
He ordered his chief officer, Robert Gourlay, to lower one of Arctic's six lifeboats with a crew	crew	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although protected since 1972, Indian wolves are classed as endangered, with many populations lingering in low numbers or	or	CCONJ	living	VERB	 living
The name refers to how Apollo fights for justice. During the localization, there was some debate about the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
The Brooklyn Nets NBA pro basketball team were founded as the New Jersey Americans in Teaneck for the 1967 –	–	PUNCT	68	NUM	 68
Franco starred opposite Sean Penn, Josh Brolin, and Emile Hirsch in Gus Van Sant's Milk (2008	2008	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Newspapers attributed heavy rainfall in the Mid Atlantic states — which resulted in five deaths — to the hurricane.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADJ	 Further
Due to strong wind shear and cold sea surface temperatures, showers and thunderstorms rapidly diminished, and by late	late	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
From 19 to 21 September, the band curated and performed at the 2008 All Tomorrow's Parties festival in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Above all, the chivalric ideal viewed character as more worthy of admiration than wealth or intellect, and this	this	PRON	appealed	VERB	 appealed
Fork marked lemurs ' dorsal (back) fur is either light brown or light grayish brown, while their	their	PRON	ventral	ADJ	 ventral
Big name acts such as NOFX and Green Day played on the main floor, while smaller acts were relegated	relegated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It was seen by almost 1.4 million viewers after its original broadcast and received generally mixed reactions from critics,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
In the early 20th century, a British artillery officer proposed that another work tentatively attributed to Bacon, Epistola	Epistola	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
The National Park Service designated landspace designers Joe W. Westbrook and Fred R. Carpentar, as well as others,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The developers included aspects and daily concerns, hoping that they could be things that players would have to deal	deal	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The firm was reorganized as Morris & Co. in 1875, and Burne Jones continued to contribute designs for stained	stained	ADJ	glass	NOUN	 glass
The Montreal Gazette has called his original material " at turns dark and funny, with world class hooks "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" The Pony Remark " featured the second appearance of Helen and Morty Seinfeld, who had previously appeared in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
One was given to Daniel Monfreid and now belongs to the Musée départemental Maurice Denis " The Priory " in	in	ADP	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
These are used in the manufacture of PVC, plastics, paper pulp and many other inorganic and organic compounds	compounds	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Laing devised Aerostats, which are smaller versions of the Aerial Hunter Killers from the previous films. The Aerostats	Aerostats	PROPN	send	VERB	 send
The property designers went on a field trip to Sun Studio to receive inspiration for the props in the recording	recording	NOUN	studio	NOUN	 studio
The deck armor was in two layers with a total thickness of 1 inch that were separated by a layer	layer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Being a court archivist allowed Sima to utilize eighty textual sources in addition to memorials, edicts, and stone	stone	NOUN	inscriptions	NOUN	 inscriptions
For instance, the laureate's name is engraved on the rim of the Economics medal. The image on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Local Pattuva village deity temples also have festivals that coincide with the annual festival. Villagers belonging to Maradankulama and	and	CCONJ	Uddappu	PROPN	 Uddappu
The issue of the Pawtuxet settlers remaining under the jurisdiction of Massachusetts was a constant irritant to Roger Williams,	,	PUNCT	Gorton	PROPN	 Gorton
Prior to filming, Schleissler and Berg shot test footage with the digital cameras and brought it to digital colorist	colorist	NOUN	Stefan	PROPN	 Stefan
His father, who had absconded before he was born, had the name " Capodilupo " (" Head	Head	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
O'Malley felt the price wars would be the downfall of baseball because the fans only have so much money.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Although the chronicle's account of the half brothers ' struggle appears to be somewhat neutral, its treatment of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
But this time it just felt like a cheap way to liven up a clearly very boring, uninspired,	,	PUNCT	weak	ADJ	 weak
A secondary rainfall maxima of 19.4 in (490 mm) was observed in Shreveport, of which 12.4 in	in	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
Allmusic especially praised the album's endearing tone and often adventurous variety of styles, commenting that " Listening to	to	ADP	Something	PRON	 Something
Woods continued to win tournaments with Haney, but his driving accuracy dropped significantly. Haney resigned in May 2010	2010	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
This second Mari engaged in a long war with its rival Ebla, and is known for its strong affinity	affinity	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Meanwhile, the motorised battalions are also re roling as light infantry with a transport squadron being established in each	each	DET	Combat	PROPN	 Combat
Due to the shifting front line, the 2nd Battalion's first major engagement of 1917 did not come until	until	ADP	9	NUM	 9
He is best known for his friendship with Edgar Allan Poe and his controversial defense of the poet after his	his	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
Justices Alito and Scalia both had educated (and education minded) parents: Scalia's father was a highly	highly	ADV	educated	VERB	 educated
The executive director of Palace Cinemas, Benjamin Zeccola, said customer feedback on the film was spectacular. "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Its futuristic storyline was meant to " inform the present of the show with some thematic elements, " establishing	establishing	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Applications to audition more than tripled by 2001 and fund raising rebounded. Brokamp resigned and was replaced by Clarence	Clarence	PROPN	Crum	PROPN	 Crum
Produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift, it is the seventh track from Swift's second studio album, Fearless	Fearless	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The ZAR operated in the UHF on various frequencies between 495 – 605 MHz, giving it frequency agility.	.	PUNCT	ZAR	PROPN	 ZAR
It existed during the late Cretaceous geological period of North America in present day Kansas, Alabama, Nebraska,	,	PUNCT	Wyoming	PROPN	 Wyoming
This was done in association with the National Society for the Education of the Poor in the Principles of the	the	DET	Established	PROPN	 Established
The JNA maintained its presence there until the summer of 1992. As the JNA withdrew from the areas it	it	PRON	controlled	VERB	 controlled
Despite this triumph, Olimpia did not create the winning mystique of its past golden generations and bowed out in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the early 19th century, however, the Spanish sovereign's possessions in the Americas began a series of	of	ADP	independence	NOUN	 independence
Eventually Gordon and Greenwalt found another philosophical question that becomes Jason's motivation to halt his own research — "	"	PUNCT	Life	NOUN	 Life
The small settlements of Hedrick, Pence and Stewart are in Jordan Township; Stewart consists of a grain processing	processing	NOUN	facility	NOUN	 facility
Around the same time, the Vanuatu Red Cross stated that it would distribute supplies such as materials for makeshift	makeshift	ADJ	shelters	NOUN	 shelters
The hurricane made landfall a few miles to the east of High Island at around 0700 UTC. A well	well	ADV	defined	VERB	 defined
Two types of nests for this species have been described: one being a simple nest with a noticeable shaft	shaft	NOUN	inside	ADV	 inside
Beyoncé and Larter were nominated in the categories of Worst Actress and Worst Supporting Actress, but lost to Sandra	Sandra	PROPN	Bullock	PROPN	 Bullock
However, during the read through of the episode, it was negatively received by cast and crew members;	;	PUNCT	both	CCONJ	 both
Grant's daughter, Jennifer, denied the claims. When Chevy Chase joked on television in 1980 that Grant	Grant	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
As with all other daimyō families, the Satake clan was relieved of its title in 1871. The Satake	Satake	PROPN	clan	NOUN	 clan
Additionally, a promotional digital album titled The Best of Final Fantasy XII was released on the Japanese localization of	of	ADP	iTunes	PROPN	 iTunes
Business design management deals with the newly emerging field of integrating design thinking into management. In organisation and management	management	NOUN	theory	NOUN	 theory
The guns fired a 870 pound (390 kg) shell at a muzzle velocity of 2,700 feet per second	second	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
He received a medical redshirt as a result of the illness. Hemingway posted his first 100 yard reception game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He then becomes emotional as he tells Peggy that he will be waiting for her as she walks out on	on	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Garner remembered Turing as " funny and witty " and said that he " talked endlessly ". In 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He grew up in Hoyerswerda, Electorate of Saxony, where his father served as a Colonel in the Saxon	Saxon	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
Thatcher was firmly opposed to the UK's membership of the Exchange Rate Mechanism, a precursor to European monetary	monetary	ADJ	union	NOUN	 union
The shortcoming was underlined by his artistic rivalry with Marc Bolan, who was at the time acting as his	his	PRON	session	NOUN	 session
The Black Hawk War gave the young captain Abraham Lincoln his brief military service. Other participants who later became	became	VERB	famous	ADJ	 famous
Richard also argues that it was in response to this forming coalition between the Franks, Ilkhanid Mongols and Byzantines	Byzantines	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Built in 1914, it is the world's first constant angle arch variable radius dam. Since it was	was	AUX	built	VERB	 built
Other prey include invertebrates such as bees, cockroaches, crickets, wasps and other ants; in particular,	,	PUNCT	workers	NOUN	 workers
" Although the process involves some random elements, it is the non random selection of survival enhancing genes that	that	PRON	drives	VERB	 drives
The bridge rested on abutments which had been jacketed with concrete after its original construction. The arch was supported	supported	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In preparation for their attack, the Germans had amassed a concentration of aircraft near the fortress. In the	the	DET	opening	NOUN	 opening
The wages assigned to the third Earl were substantial: £2,500 yearly in time of peace, and £	£	SYM	5,000	NUM	5,000
Safety improvements were made in the wake of the crash, including more secure electrical controls, Kevlar lining on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Eight of the remaining seven inch guns were also placed on the main deck on the broadside where they were	were	AUX	protected	VERB	 protected
The de Valera government also sought to remove the remaining ties between Ireland and the UK, such as ending	ending	VERB	the	DET	 the
They got down on their hands and knees to help the women and whispered to them when the guards were	were	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The song was number 46 and number 33, respectively, on the 2011 Billboard Digital Songs and Pop Songs	Songs	PROPN	year	NOUN	 year
" The Return of the King received " generally favorably reviews " across all systems; the Game Boy Advance	Advance	PROPN	version	NOUN	 version
Rather, they disappear into the vulnerable and self doubting characters they play without a hint of the preening vanity	vanity	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The Republicans lost three seats in the House and gained two in the Senate, but retained control of both	both	DET	houses	NOUN	 houses
Software developer Tony Davis (another South African expatriate who had moved to Canada) was initially hired as a	a	DET	consultant	NOUN	 consultant
Wyatt testified that he had arrested Tom earlier that day when he found him carrying a weapon earlier in violation	violation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With James Beattie unavailable for the playoffs following a red card in the final game of the season against Exeter	Exeter	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
Hutton's preferred tactic of ducking under the ball reinforced the impression that he was afraid. In the final	final	ADJ	Test	NOUN	 Test
After appearing in eight games for the Canucks, goaltender Jason LaBarbera was acquired in a trade from the Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
The film's popularity led to the 1984 sequel Conan the Destroyer. Conan the Barbarian is a film about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
After crossing Sand Creek, the freeway interchanges with Colfax Avenue (also signed as U.S. Highway 40, U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	Highway	PROPN	 Highway
In what may have been a reaction to Kenney's threat, Jones insisted that the subsequent inquiry before Justice	Justice	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
Shane Phoenix of Hot Spots said that the keys are " a little lost " and the synth clapping is	is	AUX	over	ADV	 over
The basis of Melee's gameplay system is the battles between Nintendo characters, which has been suggested as being	being	AUX	overly	ADV	 overly
Upon reappearing in her own world, Eckhart is covered with shadow creatures from the Gate and killed by an	an	DET	officer	NOUN	 officer
The deliveries were often short pitched, designed to rise at the batsman's body, with four or five	five	NUM	fielders	NOUN	 fielders
He had accumulated a total of 960 acres (1.5 sq mi; 3.9 km2) land at one point	point	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The winning design by Stefanie Rocknak depicts a life sized Poe striding against the wind, accompanied by a flying	flying	VERB	raven	NOUN	 raven
At the end of their duet — " Pretending ", written by Finn — the audience responds with awkward	awkward	ADJ	silence	NOUN	 silence
Roosevelt reinforced the Philippines (an American protectorate scheduled for independence in 1946) and warned Japan that the US	US	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
Buster explained: We don't know what slaves sounded like in the 1840s, so I just used rural	rural	ADJ	samples	NOUN	 samples
The magazine also felt that while the collecting of supplies added strategy to the action, the limited amount restricted	restricted	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the middle of the garden is a nice fountain with a remarkable sun dial, showing the time in	in	ADP	thirty	NUM	 thirty
At the very least, they ’ re forms of harassment... We now have three parties involved. Anonymous	Anonymous	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Eventually, Mulder finds his way out of the storm drain. At the prison, Scully meets a man	man	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He scored 21 goals on the season, breaking the goal scoring record for a defenceman, and totalled 64	64	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
E.V.O. tells a mythical saga of life's evolution on Earth, with a subtext of a creation myth and	and	CCONJ	polytheistic	ADJ	 polytheistic
Established by ethnic Chinese businessmen Ang Hock Liem and Tjoa Ma Tjoen in 1940, it produced seven black and	and	CCONJ	white	ADJ	 white
The graphics of the game were declared to be some of the best on the Nintendo 64 due to their	their	PRON	rich	ADJ	 rich
The castle consists of a series of mazes in which players must use keys to open doors and possibly find	find	VERB	other	ADJ	 other
" McEwen easily won re election in every race save his last and was seen as unbeatable in his district	district	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The United States spent between $30 million and $40 million and lost between 1,500 and 3,000 lives.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Francium has seven metastable nuclear isomers. Francium 223 and francium 221 are the only isotopes that occur in nature	nature	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The battalion served relatively light garrison and guard duty at Fortress Monroe, Newport News and Hampton for the remainder	remainder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Under his leadership into the early nineteenth century, numbers improved dramatically and so did the class of people coming	coming	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
In a cut scene from the movie, it is clear that she is reading the novel for the second	second	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Time remaining in the half quickly became a factor for Virginia Tech, as the Hokies penetrated the Falcons '	'	PART	45	NUM	 45
The surrender was a humiliation for Buckner personally, but also a strategic defeat for the Confederacy, which lost	lost	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
Birmingham is home to many entainment and leisure venues. It is home to Europe's largest leisure and entertainment	entertainment	NOUN	complex	ADJ	 complex
The system was conceived by Y. R. Chao (Zhao Yuanren) and developed by a group of linguists including	including	VERB	Chao	PROPN	 Chao
Kenneth Watson was hired as the senior lead aircraft designer. During the next few weeks, the team created	created	VERB	a	DET	 a
While they did not actively protest during the Civil Rights Movement, they served as spiritual counselors to many on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Three of these are monotypic (contain only one species), while two others contain only two species.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
As Whale biographer James Curtis wrote, the play " managed to coalesce, at the right time and in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Christopher Carr, an academic and practising lawyer, called the implementation of Section 1 " slightly awkward ",	,	PUNCT	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
In later seasons, Sesame Street addressed real life disasters such as the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina	Katrina	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The game over screen in the English version features the silhouette of Ganon from the chest up, with the	the	DET	text	NOUN	 text
The noisy miner colony unites to mob inter specific intruders and predators. The noisy miner will approach the threat	threat	NOUN	closely	ADV	 closely
The following season, Bertuzzi recorded 23 points in 64 games. The Islanders did not qualify for the playoffs	playoffs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Due to the attention created by the Beatles ' song, the street signs for Blue Jay Way have long	long	ADV	been	AUX	 been
In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate a murder for which the suspect presents an incredible alibi — that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The H 7 was never built. The H 9 was intended as a trainer with dual control columns.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Béla adopted an active foreign policy soon after the withdrawal of the Mongols. In the second half of 1242	1242	NUM	he	PRON	 he
Cox was asked to audition with his back turned to the casting agents, as they felt they needed to	to	PART	focus	VERB	 focus
The sculpture by Daniel Chester French, The Minute Man, located at the North Bridge, was unveiled on	on	ADP	that	DET	 that
In response, on 29 March, the British Secretary of State for War Leslie Hore Belisha announced plans to	to	PART	increase	VERB	 increase
The RAAF began considering options for heavy transport aircraft to provide a strategic airlift capability during the early 2000s.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
If a baseball hits anywhere on the dugout it is considered out of play. If a baseball hits the	the	DET	green	ADJ	 green
Steve Jobs pooled the finest of over specified hardware and software into NeXT, and also the company added innovations	innovations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Most sharks are carnivorous. Basking sharks, whale sharks, and megamouth sharks have independently evolved different strategies for	for	ADP	filter	NOUN	 filter
" Another rapper, Common, has praised Chief Keef's contributions to rap, stating, " I think	think	VERB	Chief	PROPN	 Chief
It is found in Asia, Australia, and North America, where it grows on the ground in open	open	ADJ	woods	NOUN	 woods
Randall extrapolated this method to estimate C. megalodon's total length. Randall cited two C. megalodon teeth in his	his	PRON	work	NOUN	 work
Angelou's description of close familial relationships, such as her relationships with her parents and son (which Lupton	Lupton	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Egbert's conquests brought him wealth far greater than his predecessors had enjoyed, and enabled him to purchase the	the	DET	support	NOUN	 support
Trulli made a pit stop for a new front wing, whilst Verstappen spun off. The resulting incidents caused	caused	VERB	the	DET	 the
Goudsmit had not been working on the Manhattan Project, and therefore could not reveal any of its secrets if	if	SCONJ	captured	VERB	 captured
Agriculture impacts were significant, estimated at $550 million, which affected 75% of the farmers in Hadhramaut	Hadhramaut	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2002, Ukrainian psychiatrist Ada Korotenko stated that today the question was raised about the use of psychiatry to	to	PART	settle	VERB	 settle
From the reign of Richard II, the House of Commons regularly complained about the work of the Court,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The turrets were Mark IV mounts, which required the guns to be horizontal to be reloaded. These mounts	mounts	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Vessels of the task force began to depart Darwin as early as 7 January, with HMA Ships Brisbane and	and	CCONJ	Stalwart	PROPN	 Stalwart
Spock goes to the engine room to restore the warp drive. When McCoy tries to prevent Spock's entry	entry	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While speaking to rural audiences Biden noted that the war in Iraq continued to be an important facet of his	his	PRON	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
Studies concluded that a major fault system underlay the vicinity of the Auburn Dam site, with many folds of	of	ADP	metamorphic	ADJ	 metamorphic
Waffen SS veterans ' activities were increasingly greeted by suspicion from the community, while the government and military planners	planners	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
Despite having good field position, the Cardinals were unable to gain more than four yards on three plays and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Ceres, the asteroid belt's only dwarf planet, is about 950 km in diameter, whereas Vesta,	,	PUNCT	Pallas	PROPN	 Pallas
In 1914, Washington Square College was founded as the downtown undergraduate college of NYU. In 1935, NYU	NYU	PROPN	opened	VERB	 opened
Agreeing to help release mutants that Stryker has captured, Gambit takes Logan to Stryker's facility on Three Mile	Mile	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
" He spoke in favour of moving FA Cup ties midweek to prevent fixture congestion, because the current system	system	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Australians then set out on a gruelling march to Kilia. As they did so, a violent thunderstorm	thunderstorm	NOUN	broke	VERB	 broke
Legend of Mana was directed by series creator Koichi Ishii, designed by Akihiko Matsui, and produced by veteran	veteran	ADJ	Square	PROPN	 Square
The revised plan, DOT says, will allow it to shorten the timetable and complete the project in one	one	NUM	phase	NOUN	 phase
Igbo Landing was the final scene of events which in 1803 amounted to a " major act of resistance "	"	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
In 2003, Governor Ted Kulongoski appointed him to the Oregon Board of Higher Education, a position he resigned	resigned	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Plans for a new stadium first began in 1984 when Cuyahoga County voters defeated a property tax for building a	a	DET	100	NUM	 100
Alfred died in 899, and his son Edward the Elder worked with Alfred's son in law, Æthelred	Æthelred	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The M 40F powered aircraft reached a maximum speed of 430 km / h (267 mph) at 6,050	6,050	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
In early 1942, SS Leibstandarte, SS Totenkopf, and SS Das Reich were withdrawn to the West to	to	PART	refit	VERB	 refit
An American, he attended The Hill School in Pennsylvania before graduating from Harvard University. Oxford won the toss	toss	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Fishing also impacts the reef through increased pollution from boats, by catch of unwanted species (such as dolphins	dolphins	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Written and produced by Joan Sebastian, and co produced by Jesús Rincón, the album is a successful mariachi	mariachi	ADJ	record	NOUN	 record
Such trusts will be invalid in several circumstances; charitable trusts are not allowed to be run for profit,	,	PUNCT	nor	CCONJ	 nor
San Francisco station KTRB picked up the program for the San Francisco market, and saw a ratings boost in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The resort would eventually be renamed Desert Inn, and was affectionately called the " D.I. " by Las Vegas	Vegas	PROPN	locals	NOUN	 locals
Minor characters include The Cowboy (Monty Montgomery, credited as Lafayette Montgomery), the Castigliani Brothers (Dan	Dan	PROPN	Hedaya	PROPN	 Hedaya
" Other reasons, according to him, were it being free and its long development period with its design	design	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Few streams in Arizona have a flow as large and steady as Fossil Creek's. Although remote, the	the	DET	stream	NOUN	 stream
It formed on June 26 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico. It quickly strengthened as it	it	PRON	approached	VERB	 approached
In addition to its successful buyout transactions, KKR was involved in the failed buyout of Harman International Industries (	(	PUNCT	NYSE	PROPN	NYSE
After a general meeting of the members, the society passed a resolution and sent a notice to Tijori,	,	PUNCT	asking	VERB	 asking
To date, A Mysterious Clarity has been featured in at least 9 museums and galleries including the Albany Museum	Museum	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In the western North Pacific, there are strong reciprocal relationships between the areas of formative tropical cyclones and that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Although the term " lemur " was first intended for slender lorises, it was soon limited to the endemic	endemic	ADJ	Malagasy	PROPN	 Malagasy
To justify this contradiction, Himmler began to stress a shared European identity more strongly in the early 1940s,	,	PUNCT	promising	VERB	 promising
Two subspecies have been identified — the northern sei whale (Balaenoptera borealis borealis) and southern sei whale (	(	PUNCT	Balaenoptera	PROPN	Balaenoptera
A short distance later, the highway crosses over the access road between the Garden State Parkway and the New	New	PROPN	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
Colliston Church is linked with Friockheim and Kinnell Church and Inverkeilor and Lunan Church. The minister of these three	three	NUM	churches	NOUN	 churches
The golden white eye is socially dominant over the bridled white eyes and rufous fantails, but it is subordinate	subordinate	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In 1965, the oil fields in Baku were producing 21.5 million tons of oil annually; by 1988,	,	PUNCT	that	DET	 that
He did note that the miniseries is " less a cohesive whole than a bunch of short stories that feel	feel	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
Groening had been called in to pitch a series of animated shorts for The Tracey Ullman Show and had intended	intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
Art historian Petru Comarnescu writes that Bogdan Pitești's " critical intuitions " were superior to those of fellow collectors	collectors	NOUN	Zambaccian	PROPN	 Zambaccian
Lock picks are used to unlock doors and grapnels to climb on walls. Through the " sixth sense "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Amino acids are used for a variety of applications in industry, but their main use is as additives to	to	ADP	animal	NOUN	 animal
At the end of the Spanish Civil War, the Spanish Army could count on 144 Panzer Is and CV	CV	NOUN	33s	NOUN	 33s
The watershed makes up 30 percent of the area of Montour County. Mahoning Creek drains the area in the	the	DET	vicinity	NOUN	 vicinity
This acquisition made USNB " the largest financial institution north of San Francisco and west of Minneapolis ". In	In	ADP	1946	NUM	 1946
The line remains property of Network Rail, with Anglesey County Council a statutory consultee on the future use of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The entire forward part of the bow needed to be replaced. She steamed to Gdynia, in Poland on	on	ADP	4	NUM	 4
To welcome some neighbours on 8 June 1781, he gave them for dinner: a Couple of Chicken boiled	boiled	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The small community built a church and monastic lodgings during the next hundred years. They were Victorine Canons who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
L ' affaire Ravel became a national scandal, leading to the early retirement of Dubois and his replacement by	by	ADP	Fauré	PROPN	 Fauré
He transferred to the Royal Flying Corps the following year, rising to captain. Credited with twenty three aerial	aerial	ADJ	victories	NOUN	 victories
At 12: 00 on 19 September, Chetwode received orders from GHQ to launch the XX Corps ' attack	attack	NOUN	that	DET	 that
The 1950s saw the start of a significant increase in post war housebuilding, with council house estates being started	started	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The lack of water also means there is less ice to reflect heat into space, so the outer edge	edge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The subspecies melanoptera and intermedia are found mainly in mallee scrublands and woodlands, while in Western Australia, subspecies	subspecies	NOUN	plumbea	ADJ	 plumbea
Tropic Thunder was released in the United States on DVD and Blu ray on November 18, 2008, three	three	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
In 1965, this road would be incorporated into a planned Central Jersey Expressway System. The western portion would	would	AUX	become	VERB	 become
It was later discovered that Howard Cotterman boarded a flight to Mexico on April 9, 2007, with a	a	DET	final	ADJ	 final
On the second day, the Boys each had to sing a song made famously by a female artist,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Birds in particular were used as a theme due to Hato's fondness for pigeons; however, this was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Recorded as part of a series of demos for the Young Charlatans in 1978, it featured Howard on vocals	vocals	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Other inventors, such as French inventor Nicolas Grollier de Servière (1596 – 1689), proposed their own	own	ADJ	variations	NOUN	 variations
The Matheran Light Railway is a mountain railway near Mumbai, India, and opened in 1905. Unusually for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
This centre includes new departments in engineering, construction, renewables and science to cater for emerging industries specialising in	in	ADP	renewable	ADJ	 renewable
ISSN 1535 3583. Originally hard copy only, now largely online. Newsletter retrieved April 17, 2011,	,	PUNCT	ISSN	PROPN	 ISSN
The proportion of residents who classified themselves as White was 98.9%, a figure higher than the average for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is commonly said to date to the early part of Cyrus's reign over Babylon, some time after	after	ADP	539	NUM	 539
Some commanders used the machine guns largely in a static defensive capacity against short and medium range targets, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
Within an hour, the routed Ottoman ships had withdrawn into the Dardanelles. The Naval Battle of Lemnos resulted	resulted	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The league did not have a set schedule, and instead games were played in " challenge series ",	,	PUNCT	whereby	SCONJ	 whereby
This rehabilitation may have been cemented in the composer's mind with the success of his Third Orchestral Suite at	at	ADP	its	PRON	 its
These posthumous credits were from a variety of genres including action, documentaries, drama, horror, martial arts	arts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Goods traffic from the station ceased on 1 June 1964. The main station buildings had been demolished by the	the	DET	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
Boost pressure automatically linked to the throttle, coolant air aftercooler between the second stage and the engine. Fuel	Fuel	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
The movement of the engine's location allowed for better cooling of the vehicle's motor and the fighting compartment	compartment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Alfa Romeo ’ s sportscar derived flat 12 engine had a capacity of 2995 cc and employed fuel injection and	and	CCONJ	electronic	ADJ	 electronic
A role playing game menu on the screen's bottom left, similar to those found in Final Fantasy games	games	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Of these, 38 troops were killed and 167 wounded, the remainder were attached South Koreans. The battalion	battalion	NOUN	aid	NOUN	 aid
He made his Premier League debut on 15 August in the team's 1 – 1 draw with Liverpool.	.	PUNCT	Chamakh	PROPN	 Chamakh
Software changes were made to solve the elevators ' problems, and the elevators were installed. Testing would be	be	AUX	complete	ADJ	 complete
The Galapagos shark was originally described as Carcharias galapagensis by Robert Evans Snodgrass and Edmund Heller in 1905; subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	authors	NOUN	 authors
According to an early God of War script, the character is 6 feet 6 inches (1.98 m)	)	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
A bull terrier costume was also briefly used by the school, but in 1951, the school suspended the	the	DET	football	NOUN	 football
These are not minor matters by any means, but turn on such issues as Hitler's role in the	the	DET	event	NOUN	 event
The committee raised money, forged documents, maintained contacts with intelligence agencies and ran safe houses. Brand testified	testified	VERB	during	ADP	 during
And he always does it well. " Coincidentally, Dale's characters in Neighbours, The O.C. and Ugly	Ugly	PROPN	Betty	PROPN	 Betty
In January and February 1554, Wyatt's rebellion broke out; it was soon suppressed. Elizabeth was brought	brought	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, these flag values will contribute to the load factor of the hash table. With this strategy,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
On 14 January, the 2nd Marines were relieved by the 6th Marine Regiment. The Marines renewed the offensive	offensive	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He served three terms as mayor of Romney. As his law career prospered, Flournoy was active in the	the	DET	establishment	NOUN	 establishment
From there, the road travels eastward through farm country on Pigeon Road. The highway follows a direct course	course	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
A resemblance has been pointed out between the group of the bird and the two nearest figures and a type	type	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The New Statesman's Laura Sneddon noted that Dredd passed the Bechdel test, lacking in sexism or misogyny	misogyny	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Bell's Life, Cambridge were slight favourites. Oxford won the toss and elected to commence closest	closest	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Grant tried to find a seat in the third camera car in the motorcade — the one reserved for local	local	ADJ	photographers	NOUN	 photographers
Rommel garrisoned these positions, reinforcing the battlegroup and ordering it onto the defensive. The Tobruk garrison — although	although	SCONJ	isolated	VERB	 isolated
Her character was inspired by Malini Chib, Bose's cousin. In an interview with the Times of India	India	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The initial concept of the game featured the flying character in a rendered 2D sprite art, with side scrolling	scrolling	NOUN	features	NOUN	 features
Erika Ramirez and Jason Lipshutz writing for Billboard magazine felt that the group " cemented their street and chart credibility	credibility	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Brian Lowry, writing for Variety, found the episode to be " OK ", finding some dialogue	dialogue	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Carpenter divided his command, with Nolan with his company and Texas Rangers on one route, while he took	took	VERB	the	DET	 the
There is no record of Boreel's obtaining the codex, but it is generally believed that he brought it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
She writes about African art and " the importance of understanding both the historical truth of the African American experience	experience	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chicago's wide receiver duo of Marshall and Alshon Jeffery should also be utilized, as Joe Haden and Buster	Buster	PROPN	Skrine	PROPN	 Skrine
It was one of fourteen boats ordered under the 1942 Programme, and was one of the five which were	were	AUX	completed	VERB	 completed
Christine (Smith) arrives home to her flat with Adam (Riley), whom she has just met	met	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The defeat of the VRS also made it clear to the Bosnian Serb leadership that they had to commit to	to	ADP	ending	VERB	 ending
He scored 30 goals in 51 games for the Hertfordshire outfit during the 2008 – 09 season, and captained	captained	VERB	the	DET	 the
While the US X Corps was being evacuated from the eastern front, the US Eighth Army had already retreated	retreated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, iron and vitamin supplements only infrequently improve the ulceration. The relationship to vitamin B12 deficiency has been	been	AUX	the	DET	 the
Similarly, Midre Lovenbreen retreated 200 m (660 ft) between 1977 and 1995. In the Novaya Zemlya	Zemlya	PROPN	archipelago	NOUN	 archipelago
Rutherfurd is buried along with her husband in Green Township, New Jersey. Following Roosevelt's death, his	his	PRON	administration	NOUN	 administration
Female rapper MC Lyte has campaigned for the reinstatement of the female specific category and believes that " it destroys	destroys	VERB	[	PUNCT	 [
On the following day, elements of the U.S. 1st Air Cavalry division entered what came to be known as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Smoking, lack of exercise, unhealthy eating habits, and work related injuries also contribute to the driver's	's	PART	generally	ADV	 generally
This location, combined with the great relief found within the Park, supports vegetation typical of three biotic life	life	NOUN	zones	NOUN	 zones
In late 1996, as Sunrise Home Health Care prepared to buy the Southworth House, Cleveland City Council provided	provided	VERB	over	ADP	 over
The distribution of the eggs suggests that they had a long term colonial nesting site at the Khermeen Tsav locality	locality	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
German forces in Stalingrad soon began to run out of supplies, some soldiers were forced to live on horse	horse	NOUN	meat	NOUN	 meat
This strategy did not last long, and at Thunderfield Æthelstan returned to the hard line, softened by raising	raising	VERB	the	DET	 the
A port for the Nintendo Entertainment System had to be reworked heavily, in response to complaints by Nintendo of	of	ADP	America	PROPN	 America
Another law specified that anyone accused of murder required at least one high ranking person among his " oath helpers	helpers	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
From about the 1940s to the 1990s, family trees based on embryological and morphological features placed lophophorates among or	or	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
He also wanted to display a real, modern truancy problem for Japanese students with the game's cast of	of	ADP	underground	ADJ	 underground
" Bridget D ' Oyly Carte, however, believed that the Wykehamist schoolboy described to Wodehouse was not her	her	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
As it lunges at Tintin, the flash bulb of Tintin's camera accidentally goes off, and scares the	the	DET	Yeti	PROPN	 Yeti
After 1974, Harrison no longer wrote songs as obviously Krishna devotional as " It Is ' He ' (	(	PUNCT	Jai	PROPN	Jai
By then, the Asamblea del Año XIII had approved the use of Belgrano's flag as the national war	war	NOUN	flag	NOUN	 flag
Her first volume of poetry, Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water ' fore I Diiie (1971	1971	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Mujaddid Ijaz collaborated with notable physicists and mathematicians throughout his 27 year career. Most notable among these were his	his	PRON	collaborations	NOUN	 collaborations
Pierce had wanted to organize the Nebraska Territory without explicitly addressing the matter of slavery, but Douglas could not	not	PART	get	VERB	 get
Throughout his journey, Harry encounters puzzles such as mechanisms, which reward either a key required to progress or	or	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
For example, if the frequency p for allele A is 75% and the frequency q for allele B	B	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
He later stated that in giving Rose a mother, a boyfriend and a " sad story with her father	father	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
On 27 September of the same year, East Timor joined the United Nations as its 191st member state.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After the framework was completed in the field, it was taken apart, loaded onto the same ox carts	carts	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
The plot follows Remy, who dreams of becoming a chef and tries to achieve his goal by forming an	an	DET	alliance	NOUN	 alliance
With a battle plan in order, Lee sent a draft to his lieutenants, written by his chief of	of	ADP	staff	NOUN	 staff
It opens with a black and white scene of Stefani lying on the ground in a long white gown.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Slash, who recorded his part in one take, played on the Lukather / Stan Lynch composition " Broken	Broken	PROPN	Heart	PROPN	 Heart
Gilbert read the piece to Sullivan in February 1875, and the composer was delighted with it; Trial by	by	ADP	Jury	PROPN	 Jury
He was introduced on 25 July 2011 as an extension to the Moon family. The son of Eddie Moon	Moon	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In the end, the operation cost the German government more than 100 million marks. Following her return from	from	ADP	China	PROPN	 China
Foma, impatient and ambitious, resigns and leaves Andrei's group to take up the offer of painting a	a	DET	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
The same year, he portrayed professor Ramchandra Siras, in Hansal Mehta's biographical drama Aligarh. The story	story	NOUN	followed	VERB	 followed
Henderson played his first two NHL games against the Toronto Maple Leafs, with only one shift in each game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Reuben and Ellen had three sons – Reuben P. Boise, Jr., Whitney L., and Fisher A. –	–	PUNCT	before	SCONJ	 before
Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger, a state auditor who comes to Pawnee to evaluate the town's funds.	.	PUNCT	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
To defend against this threat, it was decided to conduct further attacks against the battleship at her anchorage in	in	ADP	Kaafjord	PROPN	 Kaafjord
DeCandido gave " Datalore " a score of four out of ten. Cast member Wil Wheaton watched the episode	episode	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
' " " New Slang " achieved a new level of cultural significance when it was prominently featured in the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
It is one of cycling's oldest races, and is one of the ' Monuments ' or classics of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nationals ' pitching coach Steve McCatty told Clippard that his future was pitching in relief, because his pitch count	count	NOUN	tended	VERB	 tended
The first part of the plan was accomplished when Mondragón took the towns of Kerpen, Erkelenz and Straelen between	between	ADP	7	NUM	 7
She was the youngest child of Robin Rochester Jaques (1897 – 1923), a serviceman in the British	British	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
It continues through the mostly residential community to the business district in the heart of the village, which NY	NY	PROPN	408	NUM	 408
However I reckon they clash quite a lot because she manipulates with her power play and won't drop the	the	DET	act	NOUN	 act
They spent the majority of their time at Corfu to prevent the Austro Hungarian fleet from attempting to break out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Fitzsimmons was responsible for a sequence of waves, sixteen frames to be cycled over McCay's drawings. McCay	McCay	PROPN	provided	VERB	 provided
However, there are a limited amount of hint coins, and the game recommends they be used wisely.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
X Japan's first domestic tour of Japan in 20 years began with three consecutive dates at Yokohama Arena on	on	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Soon after takeoff the airliner was directed into airway " Victor 8, " on a route that took it	it	PRON	east	ADV	 east
The three ships, representing France during the celebrations and commanded by Admiral Jules le Pord, were the first	first	ADJ	foreign	ADJ	 foreign
In the following years the relationship between Holopainen and Turunen's husband and manager Marcelo Cabuli deteriorated. This had	had	VERB	an	DET	 an
At the time, al Rahba was the center of the Euphrates province and headquarters of its governor, Ibn	Ibn	PROPN	Sima	PROPN	 Sima
The four highways cross the Beaver River once again before entering that city, Texas County's seat and the	the	DET	largest	ADJ	 largest
Among leading singers who have issued recordings are the sopranos Emma Kirkby and Véronique Gens, and the mezzo sopranos	sopranos	NOUN	Janet	PROPN	 Janet
The ratio of plutonium 239 to uranium at the Cigar Lake Mine uranium deposit ranges from 2.4 × 10 −	−	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
Taxiride's third album, Axiomatic, was released on 5 September 2005, shortly after the first single,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
MSNBC said the character is " always fighting a battle, an internal struggle as to whether the life he	he	PRON	led	VERB	 led
The freeway is bordered by residential subdivisions to the southeast and woodlands to the northwest. M 14 curves around	around	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The notion that this was due to McCain's POW days caused Admiral James Stockdale, a fellow former POW	POW	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the 1972 campaign, Cole served as Ohio chair of a future voters organization for the Nixon campaign.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Reproductions were featured on a variety of products, including cigar bands, postcards, bottle openers, statuettes,	,	PUNCT	watch	VERB	 watch
The American Film Institute named Inside Man as one of the top ten films of 2006. Empire gave the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Andrew Reiner from Game Informer considered that the game's cinematic as " towering achievements of visual design ".	.	PUNCT	Brad	PROPN	 Brad
While centered over North Carolina, Danny interacted with a developing trough, which caused it to re intensify into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Low back pain causes disability in a larger percentage of the workforce in Canada, Great Britain, the Netherlands	Netherlands	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The extent of the consequences would not be known until early in Jim Dutcher's eleven season tenure as Gophers	Gophers	PROPN	head	VERB	 head
Additional chemotherapy was ineffective and Cassidy died on November 2, 1996 at her family's home in Bowie,	,	PUNCT	Maryland	PROPN	 Maryland
From 1928 to 1932, the hotel was owned by the Van Noy Railway News and Hotel Company. In	In	ADP	1941	NUM	 1941
" The film's opening weekend take of $33.7 million ranks in the top ten for January. The	The	DET	Devil	PROPN	 Devil
The highway extends 42.03 miles (67.64 km), from Trenton at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 and	and	CCONJ	Route	PROPN	 Route
The rocks containing the fossils are on the border between two partially overlapping bands of rock that run along the	the	DET	western	ADJ	 western
An Alsos Mission team including Pash and Calvert reached Joliot Curie's house in the Paris suburbs on 24 August	August	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Daphne du Maurier was pleased with the adaptation of her story, and wrote to Nicolas Roeg to congratulate him	him	PRON	for	ADP	 for
Edward IV seized power in 1461. When Edward captured Henry's wife, Margaret of Anjou, she was	was	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
Nigersaurus was named and described in more detail by Sereno and colleagues only in 1999, based on remains of	of	ADP	newly	ADV	 newly
The album is rooted in Americana themes, with Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen and Elvis Presley being cited as	as	ADP	influences	NOUN	 influences
Holofcener's first choice as Albert was Louis C.K., who read part of the script but was not interested	interested	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
In 2004 and 2005, two state level class action suits were filed against Apple in New York and California	California	PROPN	alleging	VERB	 alleging
It's a pretty good way to write songs. " Danko told Dylan biographer Howard Sounes, " Bob	Bob	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Within Leonardo's lifetime, his extraordinary powers of invention, his " outstanding physical beauty ", " infinite	infinite	ADJ	grace	NOUN	 grace
In this episode, Barney had blonde hair which was the same color as his skin, but that was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
There are also large numbers of vitrified forts, which have been subjected to fire, many of which may	may	AUX	date	VERB	 date
It was written by Drake along with Anthony Palma and Noah Shebib, who produced the song under his production	production	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
Control of regional mines and resources became increasingly dominated by national corporations rather than local people and organizations, diverting	diverting	VERB	capital	NOUN	 capital
" The Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was unintentional movement of No. 4 throttle into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
. According to Sean Watkins, the song was written by Thile " from the point of view of a	a	DET	friend	NOUN	 friend
In comparison, the Sun has an age of 4.6 billion years. The binary system's apparent magnitude,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
His lack of involvement with the Test squad allowed him to return to Victoria to lead them in a losing	losing	VERB	cause	NOUN	 cause
The US 240 freeway was extended south to MD 28 in Rockville in 1956, and MD 355 was subsequently	subsequently	ADV	extended	VERB	 extended
The group were strongly opposed to commercial bootlegging, policing stores that sold them, while the saturation of tapes	tapes	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
" Adrien Begrand of PopMatters in his review of the album, noted the song as the " best ballad	ballad	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
UND is known for its John D. Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences which includes an Air Traffic Control Training program	program	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The store was initially called " Beagle Boys " after the Disney Beagle Boys, but Potter dropped the '	'	PUNCT	B	NOUN	 B
It debuted at number 17 on the Billboard 200, at number 10 on the UK albums chart, peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Some of the major topics in this field are social inequality, group dynamics, prejudice, aggression, social	social	ADJ	perception	NOUN	 perception
In 1995, a parliamentary commission issued a report through the National Assembly of France that categorized the Raelian Movement	Movement	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
There is no podium as such at the race. Instead a section of the track is closed after the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
Loch Leven Castle was strengthened in the 14th or early 15th century, by the addition of the five storey	storey	NOUN	tower	NOUN	 tower
On 1 July 1927, a separate restaurant building with place for 700 diners opened. Open only during summer	summer	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
In return, Jack vows to give Blackbeard the chalices and lead him to the Fountain; Blackbeard agrees,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These weekend trips began to interfere with Jordan's scheduled visits with his father, with Jordan preferring to visit	visit	VERB	Neverland	PROPN	 Neverland
Sweden went on to win the gold medal, defeating Finland in the final. Näslund was known as a	a	DET	highly	ADV	 highly
It has been home to Luton Town Football Club since 1905 when they left Dunstable Road. The ground has	has	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Such gangs were common; around 250,000 youths traveled the country by hopping trains or hitchhiking in search of better	better	ADJ	economic	ADJ	 economic
Between them, Yakumo and Iwate fired 89 eight- and 278 six inch shells during the engagement. Iwate was	was	AUX	struck	VERB	 struck
Herne Mill, a late 18th century Kentish smock mill overlooking the village of Herne from a hilltop, is	is	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
In December, Garfield was ordered to bring the 42nd to Kentucky, where they joined the Army of the	the	DET	Ohio	PROPN	 Ohio
In 1957 she was made managing editor of both Amazing and Fantastic, doing the administrative chores and reading unsolicited	unsolicited	ADJ	manuscripts	NOUN	 manuscripts
At lap 115, Stewart led Biffle on the restart. During lap 121, Edwards passed Biffle to claim	claim	VERB	second	ADV	 second
In the 1960s the Broadwater Beach Resort found its glory years. Hosting movie stars, leading politicians, and	and	CCONJ	top	ADJ	 top
Morikawa Kaichirō, an author and lecturer at Meiji University, identified this as the origin of its contemporary usage	usage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During his tenure in Congress, he procured federal funds for the construction of I 94 through his district.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At Changsha, Mao came under the influence of Sun's newspaper, The People's Independence (Minli bao	bao	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
However, IV is the only recommended route in Australasian and British practice. Oral acetylcysteine is given as a	a	DET	140	NUM	 140
Writing for Rock's Backpages, The Rev. Al Friston described the album as " loaded with golden loveliness at	at	ADP	every	DET	 every
Altgens was met by Lovelady's wife, who told him her husband would never agree to be interviewed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The canal was proposed to cover about ten miles following the course of the River Ugie. Pitfour's canal	canal	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He felt generally " overwhelmed " by the all female household. Debra and Kim would go on to become	become	VERB	All	DET	 All
The recent editions of Paris – Roubaix had been won in various ways. Seven of the previous ten editions	editions	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Not all of these products and services have been successful; in 1992, Burger King introduced limited table service	service	NOUN	featuring	VERB	 featuring
A national federation such as Alpine Canada handles classification for domestic competitions. For para Nordic skiing events, classification	classification	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Box Grove Bypass was constructed by the town beginning in 2005 and opened in the spring of 2007,	,	PUNCT	partially	ADV	 partially
The lavish variety entertainment Dioclesian, adapted by Betterton, with many monsters, dragons, and machines, from	from	ADP	Massinger	PROPN	 Massinger
Gunpowder canisters were ignited to create rocket jets. The wires that electronically fired the rockets also allowed a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Another pitfall trap form unrelated to the Sarraceniaceae family are the urns of bromeliad leaves that are formed when leaves	leaves	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
LW10 para Nordic sit skiers can use a sit ski with outrigger skis, which are forearm crutches with a	a	DET	miniature	ADJ	 miniature
Wage growth in the early 1960s pushed prices up. The inflation rate increased faster, and soon real wages	wages	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
John Raitt reprised the role of Billy, with Jerry Orbach as Jigger and Reid Shelton as Enoch Snow.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He attacked on the climb and reduced the field to a group of eleven, himself included. Merckx was	was	AUX	advised	VERB	 advised
Bored and feeling somewhat better, Davis booked passage on a ship to New York, then continued to Washington	Washington	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Public interest was partly fuelled by contemporary writers, of whom the work of William Harrison Ainsworth was particularly influential	influential	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
" Although the film takes place in Blackeberg, a suburb of Stockholm, principal photography took place in Luleå	Luleå	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
These guns were also capable of firing the same projectiles while using supercharges which gave a maximum range of 37,870	37,870	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
On 21 November, Nieland was succeeded by Oberleutnant zur See (Oblt.) Wilhelm Kiel in command of	of	ADP	UB	PROPN	 UB
The " dark and shaded " timbre of the movement has been seen as representing the protection provided by Christ	Christ	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Reaction " was directed by Jennifer Coyle and was the first episode of the series to be written by	by	ADP	Randy	PROPN	 Randy
The problems were exacerbated due to a lack of building materials available for use in repair work, a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Argentina defaulted and suffered bank runs as the Baring Brothers faced failure. The crisis was caused by the lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The gills are more or less adnate (broadly attached to the stem slightly above the bottom of the gill	gill	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His running gait was somewhat unusual, as his knees were minimally bent, and the motion was largely powered	powered	VERB	from	ADP	 from
It was created by Escher in October 1948. Although most published copies of Stars are monochromatic, with white	white	ADJ	artwork	NOUN	 artwork
It just uses them a lot better ". A large cathode ray tube multi purpose display, taken from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Even so, the book was popular and was even continued in several editions after Griswold's death by Richard	Richard	PROPN	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
It received the Tejano Music Award for the Tejano Crossover Song of the Year, and the American Society of	of	ADP	Composers	PROPN	 Composers
Since 2006, Hvalur has caught more than 500 fin whales and exported more than 5000 tonnes of whale meat	meat	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
US 113 Business passes the Julia A. Purnell Museum and the Samuel Gunn House shortly before intersecting MD 12 (	(	PUNCT	Church	PROPN	Church
The mountain is 3,184 metres (10,446 ft) in height, with a prominence of 2,187 metres (7,175	7,175	NUM	ft	X	 ft
] Indeed, I am inclined to the belief, that to him is due the credit of originating and	and	CCONJ	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
" The dance for " Hoedown Throwdown " is heavily influenced by line dancing and merges some hip hop.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
They confront the Big Lebowski, who refuses to admit responsibility, but is thrown out of his wheelchair by	by	ADP	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
The Athenians and Eretrians had succeeded in capturing and burning Sardis, but they were then forced to retreat with	with	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The population of Oak Ridge peaked at 75,000 in May 1945, by which time 82,000 people were employed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the female and male reproductive organs are in a 1: 1 ratio in a plant, Darwin represents	represents	VERB	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
After four years of development, the Panaflex debuted in 1972. A revolutionary camera that operated quietly, the	the	DET	Panaflex	PROPN	 Panaflex
Anticipating an armoured attack at dawn, the Australians withdrew back to the Gama River, which was situated 1	1	NUM	mile	NOUN	 mile
A forest fire can kill tens of generations of trees, but the remaining ashes give good conditions for young	young	ADJ	trees	NOUN	 trees
In the US, zinc is used predominantly for galvanizing (55%) and for brass, bronze and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Widely regarded as one of the leading competitive sport climbers in the world during the late 1980s and early 1990s	1990s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Since the subsidiary coins were only legal tender to five dollars, and could not be redeemed for gold,	,	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
In the middle magnetosphere, Galileo detected so called injection events, which occur when hot plasma from the outer	outer	ADJ	magnetosphere	ADV	 magnetosphere
After leaving Middletown Center, PA 858 continues northward and sometimes northeastward. After Middletown Center, PA 858 is	is	AUX	surrounded	VERB	 surrounded
Angelou described Lee as " that poor little Black girl, physically and mentally bruised. " The details of	of	ADP	Angelou	PROPN	 Angelou
Flood waters rose until early on October 4, when they slowly began to recede. The Jackson Railroad,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Animals coloured in these ways can have striking natural patterns. Animals produce colour in different ways. Pigments are	are	AUX	particles	NOUN	 particles
The construction of the XR 1 was conventional by the standards of the time, with the aircraft's frame	frame	NOUN	consisting	VERB	 consisting
The controversy rumbled on and there was a long debate in the press through the winter of 1878 – 79	79	NUM	about	ADP	 about
Velázquez further emphasises the Infanta by his positioning and lighting of her maids of honour, whom he sets opposing	opposing	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Its state led to a campaign to replace the building. In April 2006, Snowdonia National Park Authority with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tongeren is one of a minority of churches in the region aligned on a north east to south west axis	axis	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The area was ready to be used for two cricket games by the end of 1886. Cricketers were full	full	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Yardley declared on the final morning, but play did not start until mid afternoon due to continuing inclement weather	weather	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The normal voice for his translator is a resonant, intimidating bass. With both voices, Alpha has a	a	DET	roundabout	ADJ	 roundabout
, in front of Madame Tussauds Hollywood wax museum. Also in 2012, Johansson was cast in Joseph Gordon	Gordon	PROPN	Levitt	PROPN	 Levitt
The meter displays the current wanted level; if it reaches 5, the police will aggressively pursue Shen.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The road is named for General Sir Fenton John Aylmer, VC KCB, who received the Victoria Cross for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
" " After voicing Cyrus, Marie was called back to Family Guy to voice Meg's friend Beth for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
St. Louis exceeded his previous season in 2003 – 04, capturing the Art Ross Trophy as the NHL's	's	PART	leading	VERB	 leading
Broken Headz and Cut Snake are enclosed and Screamin Right Handers is an open flume. Three family oriented attractions	attractions	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
He further claimed that Smart, wears a ridiculous comicalness of aspect, that makes people smile when they see	see	VERB	him	PRON	 him
To help avoid an unprovoked attack, humans should not wear jewelry or metal that is shiny and refrain from	from	ADP	splashing	VERB	 splashing
The per capita income for the city was $30,306. 11.8% of the population and 6.9% of	of	ADP	families	NOUN	 families
In 1931, a Dutch artist and scholar of Hindu and Buddhist architecture, W.O.J. Nieuwenkamp, developed a theory	theory	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
After winning the toss, India elected to bowl first. New Zealand were dismissed for 146 runs. Zaheer	Zaheer	PROPN	Khan	PROPN	 Khan
Stan Lee then helped spread the word that fans would also have been treated for a free Amazing Grilled Cheese	Cheese	PROPN	Bacon	PROPN	 Bacon
The film was created on a budget of $500,000, with Cameron as the lead actor, portraying Captain	Captain	PROPN	Caleb	PROPN	 Caleb
Other secondary schools including some of the oldest and well known are St. Joseph, St. Thomas, St. Teresa	Teresa	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 17 March 1322, Lancaster was captured after his defeat at the Battle of Boroughbridge, and brought to	to	ADP	Pontefract	PROPN	 Pontefract
She featured her signature curly locks, and was joined by Trey Lorenz, Melonie Daniels and Kelly Price.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Media coverage of the match was unsurprisingly negative: the BBC used terms such as " calamitous defending ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In this case the GM plays the part of the Master. However, the GM and players together are	are	AUX	supposed	VERB	 supposed
It consists of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), Australian Army, Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF	RAAF	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In The Guardian, Alexis Petridis wrote that Kala was still a " unique " listen in spite of occasionally	occasionally	ADV	tuneless	ADJ	 tuneless
Just three days before the main assault, on 4 December, British forces suffered a fatality to the north	north	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was extended to the next year, adding new European dates, and after it ended, the total	total	ADJ	gross	NOUN	 gross
Snowfall is often heavier in the Sussex Weald than in many other low lying parts of central and southern England	England	PROPN	due	ADP	 due
When breeding in Eurasia, the corn crake's habitats would originally have included river meadows with tall grass and	and	CCONJ	meadow	NOUN	 meadow
The use of new, more efficient technologies resulted in the further reduction of the workforce so that by 1897	1897	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Its protagonist is Danny, a young man suffering from insomnia, who uses an experimental device to explore his	his	PRON	mind	NOUN	 mind
Doktor Faust remained unfinished at his death and was premiered posthumously in Berlin in 1925 in a completion made by	by	ADP	Jarnach	PROPN	 Jarnach
To counter this, Harvey deliberately backed away when a ball was aimed at the stumps and threw away his	his	PRON	wicket	NOUN	 wicket
When was this was completed it was transported to Midnapore, where for ten days it assembled its equipment and	and	CCONJ	conducted	VERB	 conducted
The industry must also become better in adding value by turning businesses around rather than pure financial engineering. Although	Although	SCONJ	private	ADJ	 private
Hurricanes in the eastern north Pacific often supply moisture to the Southwestern United States and parts of Mexico. Japan	Japan	PROPN	receives	VERB	 receives
Over 250,000 spectators lined the Thames to watch the three races. Around eighty people needed to be rescued as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Layout: The carving on the south wall to the east of the portico depicts Shiva and Parvati seated on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
At this, the MPAA — wary of a repeat of the embarrassment it had trying to censor the highly	highly	ADV	acclaimed	ADJ	 acclaimed
The masses used for this are coming from the construction of the nearby Gevingåsen Tunnel on the Nordland Line,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The first route across America, the Lincoln Highway, was completed in the 1920s, and others soon followed	followed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It was known as Gomphus floccosus until 2011, when it was found to be only distantly related to the	the	DET	genus	NOUN	 genus
From April 2011, WhiteWater World has offered guests the hire of 12 luxury cabanas, located around the park	park	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On July 22, he hit the first grand slam of his career, a game winning home run against	against	ADP	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
Tamarod spokesperson, Hussain Yousif said they will carry on with the protests despite government definite crackdown. The MoI	MoI	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The match up was the final one of the forty fourth consecutive NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship single	single	ADJ	elimination	NOUN	 elimination
The final qualification match was won by Christian Cage over Abyss on the June 14 episode of Impact!.	.	PUNCT	Angle	PROPN	 Angle
After winning a number of battles, the player's character might receive offers of service from such commanders as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
However, the five stage combat alert level remained at DEFCON 4, the second lowest level. Russia undertook	undertook	VERB	security	NOUN	 security
Grain, mainly wheat, accounts for more than 85% of the cargo barged on the lower Snake River	River	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The cave shows a Kama scene on one pillar, where a woman and a man are in maithuna (	(	PUNCT	erotic	ADJ	erotic
When Paddy suffers a heart attack, he becomes very concerned about his mortality and Dee's future. He	He	PRON	becomes	VERB	 becomes
It was later ported to multiple home systems, including the PC, Amiga, Game Boy, Sega Game	Game	PROPN	Gear	PROPN	 Gear
In Mozambique, the RNR encountered Lettow Vorbeck's supply column near Mtarika on 22 May 1918. It wiped	wiped	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In fact, the management knew about Bond's abscess, since Sullivan's diary records that both he and	and	CCONJ	Gilbert	PROPN	 Gilbert
That same year his 18 story Ross Building (now known as Wytestone Plaza) in Richmond, Virginia,	,	PUNCT	opened	VERB	 opened
They regularly take adult caimans, deer, capybaras, tapirs, peccaries, dogs, zorros, and sometimes	sometimes	ADV	even	ADV	 even
They were married on September 3, 1921; two months later, Hemingway was hired as foreign correspondent for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Around 07: 40 Nagumo reversed his order when he received a message from one of his scout aircraft that	that	PRON	American	ADJ	 American
She went by train over the Kazakh Steppe, through areas hard hit by famine, to Tashkent and Bukhara	Bukhara	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result of the Uniform State Narcotic Act, the Federal Bureau of Narcotics encouraged state governments to adopt	adopt	VERB	the	DET	 the
Approximately 80,000 items on 6,000 sheets may be viewed in 1,000 display frames; 2,400 sheets are from the Tapling	Tapling	PROPN	Collection	PROPN	 Collection
When development began, Sony expected the game to be completed in a year, rather than the more than	than	ADP	three	NUM	 three
James Poniewozik of Time ranked it the eighth best television show of the year, commenting: " when Glee	Glee	PROPN	works	VERB	 works
During his high school career, he scored 154 goals. At Princeton he earned the 1999 Men's Ivy	Ivy	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
In October 2010, the company planned to train 60 pilots in Vietnam during 2011 – 2012. In 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was released as the first single from his fifth studio album Play on August 31, 1998. The	The	DET	uptempo	ADJ	 uptempo
I respect that. " The stage was as huge as a tennis court and was made movable. Above	Above	ADP	the	DET	 the
The same day she also damaged the British cargo ship Berwindale, en route to Avonmouth with a load of	of	ADP	wheat	NOUN	 wheat
Furthermore, the plastic and foil wrappers condoms are packaged in are also not biodegradable. However, the benefits	benefits	NOUN	condoms	NOUN	 condoms
The show also received at least one letter of complaint regarding the scene where Quagmire watches Lois going to the	the	DET	toilet	NOUN	 toilet
The third line remained in Britain for the duration of the war. Considered by contemporaries to be socially élite	élite	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Oxygen is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe, after hydrogen and helium. About 0.9%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This forges an odd alliance between Starling and Lecter, culminating in their becoming lovers and escaping to Argentina.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Termites can be major agricultural pests, particularly in East Africa and North Asia, where crop losses can be	be	AUX	severe	ADJ	 severe
The B side of the single release of " Cherish " was a previously unreleased track called " Supernatural "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Three volumes of albums titled Shakugan no Shana Assorted Shana containing image songs, audio dramas and background music tracks	tracks	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Six Yugoslav jets were sortied against targets on Brač and Šolta. Following the naval action that morning, Croatian	Croatian	ADJ	civilian	ADJ	 civilian
Over three levels in 99 games, he batted.323 with 17 HR and 10 steals, including high numbers in	in	ADP	OBP	PROPN	 OBP
Buffy uses both science and magic as narrative devices. According to author Andrew Aberdein, the series employs science	science	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The game, which Navy won with a final score of 34 – 19, was highlighted by a 26	26	NUM	play	NOUN	 play
The first description of the roughtail stingray was published by American naturalist Samuel Mitchell in one of the earliest North	North	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
In December, the destroyer moved on to Noumea, New Caledonia, and operated from there until July 1943	1943	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Dickies ' 1989 album Second Coming includes the song " Caligula, " which relates his origins and reign	reign	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
White Star then ordered a new 212 foot bow section from Harland and Wolff in Belfast, which was launched	launched	VERB	head	NOUN	 head
He also said that he was not angry about having to change his lyrics, but lamented the lack of	of	ADP	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
" Hey You " was written by Madonna, who also co produced it along with Pharrell Williams in honor	honor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Neither saw the need to punish Protestants who worshipped in private and did not take up arms. On 20	20	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
The waters of the Winwæd were in spate owing to heavy rains and had flooded the land. The Northumbrians	Northumbrians	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Aurora last won the award in 2009. He was cited in The Washington Post in a controversy about the	the	DET	methods	NOUN	 methods
Recent research has also revealed that the Asiatic dayflower can bioaccumulate a number of metals, making it a candidate	candidate	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It was released on June 3, 2013 by RCA Records as the lead single from the album. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
She was laid down in 1893 at the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven, launched in October 1894, and commissioned	commissioned	VERB	into	ADP	 into
It was quite fascinating. " The opening of " Tennis the Menace " is what Maxtone Graham describes as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Aside from occasional one off strips, his more regular cartooning appeared in the ongoing strips The Sign Game in	in	ADP	Signs	PROPN	 Signs
Abisha Woodward was contracted to build a 35 feet (11 m) wooden tower for $2,200 and it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Other major population centers – mostly located in the southeastern portion of the watershed – include Omaha, Nebraska,	,	PUNCT	situated	VERB	 situated
The white rumped swift is similar to Pacific swift, but its slender body and long, deeply forked tail	tail	NOUN	make	VERB	 make
The family moved to Croydon, and Norman went into semi retirement, selling off some of his shops.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Duckworth had abandoned his assigned station off Cadiz in pursuit of Willaumez during December and traveled so far across the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
I think all football is instinct and the only way I could get on the end of the ball was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
In 1954 the Japanese government merged the six villages surrounding the Residence into a single city, which was dubbed	dubbed	VERB	Tenri	PROPN	 Tenri
The souls in the Land of the Dead appear as skeletal calaca figures. Alongside them are demons that have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Archie and Janine blackmail Ian into selling them the loan and Archie tells the Mitchells they are trespassing. Once	Once	SCONJ	Archie	PROPN	 Archie
During the off season, club president Nolan Ryan emphasized conditioning for the Rangers pitchers. Feldman and nine other	other	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
During his tenure the railroad constructed a new terminal station in Boston at Park Square. He received the degree	degree	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These landings culminated in the battle of Hill 170 at Kangaw. Here Lieutenant George Knowland of No. 1	1	NUM	Commando	PROPN	 Commando
Written and directed by series creator Ryan Murphy, it premiered on the Fox network on September 28, 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was shot at Pinewood Studios in England from October 1988 to January 1989. 18 sound stages were used	used	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Froese and Jackson also sent their work between The Alchemist and Oh No, who heavily sampled their work.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Armstrong said after the stage that he had given it everything he had in the climb and Contador was simply	simply	ADV	the	DET	 the
On 19 May 2010, Manchester City made a £20 million offer for Milner which was rejected. On	On	ADP	22	NUM	 22
On December 6, the gundalow set sail for the southern end of the lake, with Knox sailing ahead	ahead	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The campus was then split in half by Huxley Avenue, providing an " Upper " campus (due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following year, Fandi helped Singapore win the first of three SEA Games silver medals, with two goals	goals	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Gramophone's reviewer Jonathan Swain contends that no conductor knew more than Monteux about expressive possibilities in the strings	strings	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A number of factors led to the eventual split between France and the other four countries. Around 1984 France	France	PROPN	reiterated	VERB	 reiterated
This removes all remaining protection groups from 2 ' -deoxyoligonucleotides, resulting in a reaction mixture containing the desired product	product	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Though this generally refers to male fans, the term is often applied to fans of either gender. Another	Another	DET	term	NOUN	 term
In the film, Terry Thomas appeared again with Eric Sykes, an experience Sykes later described as magical.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
However, the count did not include 13 ballots which were disputed by UFCW. The ballots were challenged on	on	ADP	claims	NOUN	 claims
An accomplished scholar in addition to a well known mathematical physicist, Fourier had been entrusted by Napoleon with the	the	DET	publication	NOUN	 publication
She suffered another stroke on May 8, however, and on May 14 she died in Toronto, aged	aged	ADJ	70	NUM	 70
They take a walk and decide to be friends. They have late night phone conversations, go to dinner	dinner	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The HNC was an unelected legislative style civilian advisory body they had created at the request of the United States	States	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
At the Restoration the Privy Council established a force of an unknown number of infantry regiments and a few troops	troops	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After Chocobo wins, Mog confronts Cid over his vehicle's poor performance, but Cid replies that Chocobo won	won	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
Wallace and other anti vaccinationists pointed out that vaccination, which at the time was often done in a sloppy	sloppy	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In a review for The New York Times, A. O. Scott characterized Rodriguez as " a powerful, extraordinarily	extraordinarily	ADV	gifted	ADJ	 gifted
Since 1977, dozens of board, card, video, miniature, and tabletop role playing games, among	among	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
This arrangement was contingent on Bradley's being judged competent by two circuit judges. Despite having no college education	education	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
SR 52 begins just west of I 5 at the eastern end of La Jolla Parkway. Before entering San	San	PROPN	Clemente	PROPN	 Clemente
From the 2011 stellar occultation by Makemake, its dimensions have been initially measured to be (1502 ± 45	45	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
1992 – French civilian Tables du Ministère du Travail 1992 (MT92) published. 1999 – National Association of	of	ADP	Underwater	PROPN	 Underwater
Rebirth also had a positive reception, with Metacritic giving it a score of 78 / 100 based on 26	26	NUM	critic	NOUN	 critic
The book was an instant success and remains popular. Perrault's Histoires has had considerable impact on world culture	culture	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" I was hanging there with my pants down, wondering what I'd tell the stockholders. " Gossip	Gossip	PROPN	columnist	NOUN	 columnist
After drinking it, he suffers from immediate kidney failure, requiring constant dialysis. Deciding to go to The	The	DET	Drunken	PROPN	 Drunken
In the subalpine region from the tree line to the base of the mountains, whitebark pine, limber pine	pine	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite highly decorated achievements during World War I, during which he commanded at both battalion and brigade level and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
By his early teenage years, Grant had read widely on the subject of Western esotericism and Asian religions,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The gun punched holes through the destroyer's plating that set some petrol tanks on the deck afire and disabled	disabled	VERB	'	PUNCT	 '
In their 2002 book Myofascial Pain and Fibromyalgia: Trigger Point Management authors orthopedic surgeon Edward S. Rachlin and physical	physical	ADJ	therapist	NOUN	 therapist
The answer, based on a study of the bill, indicates that it is entirely within the realm of	of	ADP	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
" IGN declared The Killing Joke the third greatest Batman graphic novel, after The Dark Knight Returns and Batman	Batman	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
He struck out nine batters and even struck out the side in the first inning but also walked four batters	batters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He would also allow women to return to port safely. At first working honestly as a rigger, in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
He also concluded that the decaying effect ' travelled from shell to shell and drawer to drawer ', and	and	CCONJ	thus	ADV	 thus
Later that same week on the April 15 episode of SmackDown, Edge officially relinquished the World Heavyweight Championship,	,	PUNCT	retiring	VERB	 retiring
By coincidence, on that day Santa Anna was inaugurated as the new President of Mexico. Delegates elected William	William	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
Teller was known for getting engrossed in projects which were theoretically interesting but practically unfeasible (the classic " Super	Super	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
They also incorporated feedback from Killer Instinct players. Killer Instinct 2's art, design, and programming changed	changed	VERB	continuously	ADV	 continuously
The IUCN's hyena specialist group identifies the spotted hyena's negative reputation as detrimental to the species ' continued	continued	VERB	survival	NOUN	 survival
The film follows a young woman who leaves home to search for employment and becoming married to a wealthy man	man	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
All exteriors of the characters ' houses were shot on location. Christine Langan was keen to avoid a generic	generic	ADJ	sitcom	NOUN	 sitcom
Throughout Wales, the winter months are significantly wetter than the summer ones. Snow is comparatively rare near sea	sea	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
Approximately 96% of steel is continuously cast, while only 4% is produced as ingots. The ingots	ingots	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Southampton Airport is a regional airport located in the town of Eastleigh, just north of the city. It	It	PRON	offers	VERB	 offers
The album contains seven vocal songs from the game, one of which is a remix rather than the original	original	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" In May, the brand new International Hotel in Las Vegas, boasting the largest showroom in the city	city	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
that really carries through Michael's arc. " Later in the season, Martin Keamy (Kevin Durand)	)	PUNCT	tries	VERB	 tries
" There is a difference between saying ' we are confident that they will increase ' and ' we are	are	AUX	confident	ADJ	 confident
It was unveiled by Jocelyn Davies AM on 10 December 2007, four days before the Ebbw Valley Railway's	's	PART	planned	VERB	 planned
Most settled on mesic islands, the high and dry parts of the swamp. Inhabitants included slaves who had	had	AUX	purchased	VERB	 purchased
Despite never being officially named by NBC, Episode 210 has been unofficially titled " Liz the Business Woman "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Intending to release an album in late 1986, U2 set up a studio in January of that year in	in	ADP	Danesmoate	PROPN	 Danesmoate
However, he did not assign much import to the news. At 11 a.m. as he left a mass	mass	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Bayt Jibrin was situated in an area of plains and soft hills known as the Shfela (Shephelah) in	in	ADP	Hebrew	PROPN	 Hebrew
Popular historian Frank McLynn wrote that the king's modern reputation amongst historians is " bizarre " and, as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
By 1961, there were over 89 different business simulation games in use, with various graphical capabilities. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Scholars uncovered a collection of ancient texts written on unusually well preserved bamboo slips. Among them were The Art	Art	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Paige sang at the opening of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, and then made her Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
The film received poor reviews, with the New York Daily News calling it " delightful nonsense ", and	and	CCONJ	Bosley	PROPN	 Bosley
Federer and Nadal had their only meeting of the 2014 season in the semi finals of the Australian Open.	.	PUNCT	Nadal	PROPN	 Nadal
The parties to the accord also agreed to the deployment of a UN peacekeeping mission in Croatia. The mission	mission	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This video was directed by Chris Cunningham, who directed Madonna's original music video to the song. The	The	DET	military	ADJ	 military
The prince's wife, Catherine Willis Gray, made a point of hurrying onto the train so she could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Under the bonus round's original rules, no letters were provided automatically; the contestant was asked for five	five	NUM	consonants	NOUN	 consonants
According to Kalpa Sūtra, Mahavira spent forty two monsoons of his ascetic life at Astikagrama, Champapuri, Prstichampa	Prstichampa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In most suspected cases, DVT is ruled out after evaluation, and symptoms are more often due to other	other	ADJ	causes	NOUN	 causes
However, a length of 0.6 – 1.5 m (2.0 – 4.9 ft) and weight of 30 lb	lb	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The original idea was raised by a graduates ' association and an open design competition was held for the memorial	memorial	ADJ	project	NOUN	 project
He prefers not to speak about his personal life and did not appear on any live TV chat shows until	until	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
Another storyline follows Sayid working as an assassin after being rescued from the island. " The Economist " was	was	AUX	watched	VERB	 watched
Journey time by car or bus to Gateshead town centre from the western fringe is approximately seven minutes and twelve	twelve	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Fleeing from the wood in which they were abandoned, possibly nearby Thetford Forest, the children fell into the	the	DET	pits	NOUN	 pits
The country's delegation consisted of three athletes competing in two sports across three distinct events; Francis Manioru and	and	CCONJ	Pauline	PROPN	 Pauline
Bidding rules prohibit logos containing the Olympic symbol, motto, flag or other imagery including a flame, torch	torch	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The range of products sold usually depends on the time of day. Lunch items such as hamburgers and fries	fries	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
It is chemically related to the amino acid tryptophan, and is structurally similar to the neurotransmitter serotonin. Psilocybin	Psilocybin	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Soulforce organizers declined and notified the college of their intent to enter the campus to speak directly with students.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
No damage or casualties were reported as a result of the storm in Mexico. Moisture from Madeline contributed to	to	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Akane's name, which means " deep red, " was intended to evoke the evening sun for the	the	DET	reader	NOUN	 reader
" (The Malvern Hills, 1798), William Wordsworth: church bells ring as " high as Malvern	Malvern	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Traditional " accounts of Steinitz describe him as having a sharp tongue and violent temper, perhaps partly because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
Headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with branches in New York City and Washington, D.C., the bank helped	helped	VERB	underwrite	VERB	 underwrite
" To Autumn " is a 33 line poem broken into three stanzas of 11. It discusses how autumn	autumn	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He warns that an alien named Vosk (Jack Gwaltney), the leader of a faction of the Temporal	Temporal	PROPN	Cold	PROPN	 Cold
However, the review criticised the censorship bureau's failure to catch scenes of Frederick drinking alcohol, which the	the	DET	reviewer	NOUN	 reviewer
Accurate as of December 2014 Notes c This is the only quadruple double in French National League history. d	d	X	This	PRON	 This
In addition, Ramirez and David Ortiz became the first pair of AL teammates to hit 40 home runs,	,	PUNCT	have	VERB	 have
A goal by Overmars, eleven minutes from the end gave Arsenal the win; Geoff Thomas equalised for Nottingham	Nottingham	PROPN	Forest	PROPN	 Forest
" With salutes and courtesies, the Marshal was escorted to Marlborough's coach.... our men fought in and	and	CCONJ	through	ADP	 through
In 1992, the Piwnica pod Baranami cabaret group organized a historical re enactment of the painting. Matejko depicted	depicted	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
" At one dinner in 1791, Godwin records that the conversation focused on " monarch, Tooke, [	[	X	Samuel	PROPN	Samuel
Yamamoto next sent the light carrier named Ryujo on a bait role ahead of the rest of the fleet,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, he was further upset when word came that Brissot, the Girondin leader, was executed. This	This	PRON	caused	VERB	 caused
MacFarlane drew inspiration for the voice of Peter from a security guard he overheard talking while attending the Rhode Island	Island	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
However, due to the difference in the historical and social culture of India, the debate in favour of	of	ADP	Indian	ADJ	 Indian
In 1998, Solomos and Scoffield decided to devote their time to creating art (and later film production)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
There are several sports and recreational grounds located on the river course or gravel pit and artificial lakes adjacent to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Resident Evil: Revelations is set between Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5 and depicts the events shortly after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their main line of advance was along the axis of the north south national highway QL 1. When General	General	PROPN	Creighton	PROPN	 Creighton
Lightning then strikes the antenna, giving it extra power and projecting it into every radio in Springfield. Lisa	Lisa	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The design of the concourse galleries is intended to evoke the image of the edge of the forest, partly	partly	ADV	as	ADP	 as
He also believed that making Main Street one way would reduce the total amount of routes available to vehicles passing	passing	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Roger d'Amory was the constable of the castle during the early years of Edward's reign. D ' Amory	Amory	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Meyer Landrut's victory received much attention in Germany and the show was seen by 15 million viewers on German	German	ADJ	television	NOUN	 television
Concentrically ringed (zonate) caps occur in all Multifurca and several Lactarius species. Laterally stiped (pleurotoid)	)	PUNCT	fruitbodies	NOUN	 fruitbodies
Yet, though religion continued to serve in this central role, his studies at Stellenbosch, with their decidedly	decidedly	ADV	scientific	ADJ	 scientific
The stamens usually arise from all over the inner surface of the upper part of the floral tube, although	although	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
In their Solo Beatles Compendium, Chip Madinger and Mark Easter dismiss the track as a " song which goes	goes	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Tristano's teaching also affected the art of painter Robert Ryman, who had music lessons with the pianist:	:	PUNCT	Ryman	PROPN	 Ryman
The Locust plan to destroy the rock structures at the outskirts of Jacinto, the last major Human city,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The remnants of Florence turned the northeast along a cold front, crossing Georgia before emerging near Savannah. The	The	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Coolidge's speech was the first presidential speech to be broadcast over the radio. The Washington Naval Treaty was	was	AUX	proclaimed	VERB	 proclaimed
In his 1990 autobiography An American Life, Reagan claimed that he was deeply committed to securing the release of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two goals came from Lawrence McLachlan who was an influential goalscorer in the club's early successes; scoring more	more	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
These animals carry pollen loads comparable to those of nectarivorous birds, making them effective pollinators. Grey headed flying	flying	VERB	foxes	NOUN	 foxes
Tolkien intended The Hobbit as a " fairy story " and wrote it in a tone suited to addressing children	children	NOUN	although	SCONJ	 although
Unas reigned for 15 to 30 years in the mid 24th century BC succeeding Djedkare Isesi, who might have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
These disorders are typically related to damage to the cerebral white matter and basal ganglia. Hallmark pathological changes following	following	VERB	poisoning	NOUN	 poisoning
" After the 2008 season, a poll of 1,565 NFL players rated the surface at Heinz Field as the	the	DET	worst	ADJ	 worst
It debuted at number twenty five on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart for the chart week of February 18	18	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Popke speculated that if Moore created more albums based on obscure films, " he might just alter the	the	DET	face	NOUN	 face
Frances Monson died on May 17, 2013. Monson was born on August 21, 1927, in Salt	Salt	PROPN	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
This investment decline, but growth in installed capacity, may again occur in 2013. Analysts expect the market	market	NOUN	to	PART	 to
A decorated United States Army veteran, Burge served tours in South Korea and Vietnam and continued as an enlisted	enlisted	VERB	United	PROPN	 United
Over the next four years Olivier spent much of his time working as a producer, presenting plays rather than	than	ADP	directing	VERB	 directing
The sclerotium measures from 1.5 to 3 by 0.5 μm, and is a pale yellow colour. Clamp connections	connections	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The other is a much larger work, 217 centimetres (85 in) long. In both these Annunciations	Annunciations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The development of organofluorine chemistry was a spin off from the Manhattan Project, during which elemental fluorine was produced	produced	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Never before in the history of Christianity has there been such a complete move to orthodox Christianity by an unorthodox	unorthodox	ADJ	fringe	NOUN	 fringe
" " Nasty ", the album's second single, beat " What Have You Done for Me Lately	Lately	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
After that, Bonnie quickly lost its tropical characteristics and was declared extratropical late that afternoon, just east of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
P. m. corsus also resembles the nominate form but has duller upperparts, less white in the tail and less	less	ADV	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
Kerr later wrote that at this point, Whitlam got to his feet, looked at the office's phones	phones	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He offered a peace treaty that included the lands he had already lost, and a ransom of 10,000 talents	talents	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The ship was powered by a four shaft turbo electric drive, rated at 28,900 shaft horsepower (21,600 kW	kW	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Britain agreed to negotiate, and a six member commission convened in Washington in June 1887. Bayard led the	the	DET	American	ADJ	 American
The work also is related to Lichtenstein's theme of " machine and embodied vision " as exhibited in works	works	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The extended remix features a rap verse by Mobb Deep; both versions were well received by contemporary music critics	critics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Turgesh followed after them and attacked and captured the Arab baggage train on 1 October, before both sides	sides	NOUN	settled	VERB	 settled
Pfeiffer is mentioned in Vance Joy's 2013 song, " Riptide " (" I swear she's destined	destined	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Some of the women are said to be good looking, but all appear to be terribly depraved. John	John	PROPN	Walton	PROPN	 Walton
Andrew Shore appeared as Noye, and Felicity Palmer as Mrs Noye. This performance was broadcast in the UK	UK	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Where natural barriers like ravines and rivers sufficed for defence, the walls were erected sparingly, but long fortified	fortified	ADJ	lines	NOUN	 lines
Some Tambu reviewers contrasted Lukather's vocals with those of former singers Kimball and Williams (and indeed, heavily	heavily	ADV	criticized	VERB	 criticized
Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury, stated that " [it] will inevitably have a significant impact on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
German Sixth Army commander General Ludwig von Falkenhausen was responsible for the Cambrai – Lille sector and commanded 20 divisions	divisions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jugadai died in 2008, her funeral held at Haasts Bluff, where she was born. Daisy Jugadai had	had	VERB	an	DET	 an
However, the coalition was defeated in battle at Raphia. Reʾe fled back to Egypt, Raphia and Gaza	Gaza	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The fruit bodies, or mushrooms, have conic to bell shaped to convex caps that are initially dark brown	brown	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
After the release of Twilight, she was hired by Summit to adapt the sequels New Moon and Eclipse,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
With 51 laps left, the caution period ended, and Wheldon slowly built a gap over Kanaan of 1.8834	1.8834	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
The brothers reach Beanbean Castle Town and step into a trap laid by Cackletta that drops them into the sewers	sewers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The energy from the collision was similar in size to exploding five tons of dynamite and the comet shone six	six	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
The Miami Heat retired the number 23 jersey on April 11, 2003, even though Jordan never played for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Described as a " certifiably insane party game that is a must buy for any Wii owner ", GamePro	GamePro	PROPN	felt	VERB	 felt
" However, with Sexton needed only seven points to win the championship, Adams stepped to the table and	and	CCONJ	ran	VERB	 ran
Seward returned to Auburn. Restless in Auburn, Seward embarked on a trip across North America by the new	new	ADJ	transcontinental	ADJ	 transcontinental
The fifteenth named storm, ninth and final hurricane of the 2001 season, Olga formed as a subtropical cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The 6th Battalion's losses totalled 80 killed and 66 wounded. Following the attack on the German Officers '	'	PART	Trench	PROPN	 Trench
Nagato, the lead ship of the class, frequently served as a flagship. Both ships carried supplies for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to the digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing, Little Mix's vocal	vocal	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
Impalement of pirates, rather than highway robbers, is also occasionally recorded. In October 1767, for example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By then, ADV had divested many of their assets: the company transferred licenses to Honey and other works	works	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Between 1870 and 1900, the United States population nearly doubled in size, gainful employment increased by 132 percent	percent	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A significant change to Sims's dancing style came about as a result of his interaction with Harlem's hoofers	hoofers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By August 1859, Neighbors had moved the Indians from the Brazos Reservation to Indian Territory, south of the	the	DET	Washita	PROPN	 Washita
Each of these amendments would have placed restrictions on the scope and ratification of treaties and executive agreements entered into	into	ADP	by	ADP	 by
A sleep deficit accumulates with successive sleep deprived days, and additional fatigue may be caused by breaking daily sleep	sleep	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Elagabalus declared the date of the victory at Antioch to be the beginning of his reign and assumed the imperial	imperial	ADJ	titles	NOUN	 titles
Gibbons writes that a queen's duty was to secure the succession to the crown and look after her husband	husband	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
After touring in support of One by One, Dave Grohl was uncertain on what to do next with the	the	DET	Foo	PROPN	 Foo
" Doomsday " is the first episode in the history of Doctor Who where the Cybermen and the Daleks appear	appear	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Beginning in mid 1940, the ship's anti aircraft armament was increased, although when exactly the modifications were	were	AUX	made	VERB	 made
However Cambridge held the overall lead, with 68 victories to Oxford's 60. Originally scheduled to take place	place	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
By the middle of 1960, the freeway was extended to M 118 in Martin, where traffic used M	M	PROPN	118	NUM	 118
Examples include the removal of a fallopian tube in the case of an ectopic pregnancy, removal of a pregnant	pregnant	ADJ	cancerous	ADJ	 cancerous
Smilodon probably lived in a closed habitat such as forest or bush. Fossils of the genus have been found	found	VERB	throughout	ADP	 throughout
The win put the Browns two games ahead of the 49ers in the AAFC's western conference with four games	games	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In Episode Two, a smaller equivalent to the Strider, the Hunter, is introduced. These 2.5 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The word meditation comes from the Latin word meditārī, which has a range of meanings including to reflect on	on	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
He then made two frame winning breaks to lift the title. His 11 century breaks were the most in	in	ADP	that	DET	 that
He was also the inaugural secretary treasurer of the West Virginia Real Estate Dealers ' Association. Swisher was secretary	secretary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Habré quickly reacted to this setback and to the continued bombing of FANT concentrations in northern Chad. On September	September	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
Recording sessions began in New York in October 1965 with numerous backing musicians, including members of Dylan's live	live	ADJ	backing	NOUN	 backing
To lead the Valois chapel project, Catherine chose Francesco Primaticcio, who had worked for Henry at Fontainebleau.	.	PUNCT	Primaticcio	PROPN	 Primaticcio
The 7 " picture disc included the radio edit and Tony Lamezma Remix of " Love Machine ". "	"	PUNCT	Love	PROPN	 Love
She took her cabaret act to smaller venues in the United States. Turner earned further income by appearing on	on	ADP	shows	NOUN	 shows
Males also have single small spurs on each rear leg, believed to be a defensive weapon that has since	since	ADV	been	AUX	 been
During World War II, her anti aircraft battery was strengthened by the addition of nine 20 mm (0.79	0.79	NUM	in	ADP	 in
". Some of the Daleks are survivors of previous encounters with the Doctor on Spiridon (Planet of the	the	DET	Daleks	PROPN	 Daleks
The queen was originally the fers or farzin, which could move one square diagonally in any direction. In	In	ADP	European	ADJ	 European
The Turks sacked Derbent and joined the Byzantines in their siege of Tiflis. Their contribution proved decisive for the	the	DET	eventual	ADJ	 eventual
Others may lose consciousness and collapse (sometimes people may not collapse), and confusion. Children who get	get	VERB	stung	NOUN	 stung
In the 17th century, James Gregory also worked in this area and published several Maclaurin series. It was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
I was informed that they were very light, had a flexibility in their limbs and were of a dusky	dusky	ADJ	color	NOUN	 color
As early as November 2, 1856, while the Willie and Martin companies were still making their way to	to	ADP	safety	NOUN	 safety
These tables, which predate the text of the Vulgate, were developed to cross reference the Gospels. Eusebius	Eusebius	PROPN	divided	VERB	 divided
" She says that the film's sexual content and abundant nudity make it " the first of Argento's	's	PART	films	NOUN	 films
In Ireland, it entered the Irish Singles Chart at number eight on the week ending July 7, 2005	2005	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Playstation Official Magazine UK placed Batman: Arkham City as their number 2 Game Of the Year. IGN labeled	labeled	VERB	it	PRON	 it
He was awarded an FA contract running to the end of the 2005 – 06 season in October, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
" I didn't add any new elements [to the modern synthetic theory] to speak of. I	I	PRON	just	ADV	 just
Roman writers disdained Latin for a cultured Greek style. Many aspects of Roman culture were borrowed from the Greeks	Greeks	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As they continue east, the two routes split into one way streets, eastbound Liberty Avenue and westbound Camanche	Camanche	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
Although the huia's range was restricted to the southern North Island, its tail feathers were valued highly and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
GPx4 is the only known enzyme that efficiently reduces lipid hydroperoxides within biological membranes. However, the roles and	and	CCONJ	importance	NOUN	 importance
Lectins are sugar binding proteins that are used in blood typing, biochemical studies and medical research. A lectin	lectin	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Around this time, an AP poll showed that 85.1 percent of Republicans believed Goldwater was the " strongest candidate	candidate	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Roosevelt's youth was in large part shaped by his poor health partly related to his asthma. He experienced	experienced	VERB	recurring	VERB	 recurring
Absorption lines are explicitly described as not being visible. The letters refer to Fraunhofer's spectral notation and correspond	correspond	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It is the first Star Trek film and stars the cast of the original 1966 – 1969 Star Trek television	television	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
The city of Telluride, Colorado was named in hope of a strike of gold telluride (which never materialized	materialized	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
I also remember how we visited Dr. Weizmann [later first president of Israel] in his home in Rehovot	Rehovot	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In mid January, Pedro de Ayala, Count of Salvatierra, joined the comuneros and organized an army of	of	ADP	about	ADV	 about
Amongst the slower runners, Heidfeld had a worrying moment when his engine cover was shed from the chassis on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
I told them I thought they were wrong. I don't think that what I did here was out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
He felt that the open cabildo would lack legitimacy if too many criollos were allowed to take part in it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
They earned a small wage for their labour which was put into an account, known as a Prisoner's	's	PART	Trust	PROPN	 Trust
" King has said that he was going to call the book The Shine, before realising that " shine	shine	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The testing process of the game was unusual for GT Interactive as the British team did game play testing whilst	whilst	SCONJ	normally	ADV	 normally
The top of the armored deck was only about 18 inches (460 mm) above the waterline. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Romans probably would have extended their conquests had Carus not died in December of that year. After a	a	DET	brief	ADJ	 brief
Family Trade was considered by many to be a risk for GSN due to the network's history of exclusively	exclusively	ADV	airing	VERB	 airing
Thus, the ninety six year old Gherardo, the Cardinal Patriarch of Venice, who was paid only 5,000	5,000	NUM	ducats	NOUN	 ducats
The damage Vertu had taken early in the combat rendered Lhermitte unable to continue the action, and his ship	ship	NOUN	gradually	ADV	 gradually
Another stock plot device in the 1970s was the gay character in a police drama. They served as victims	victims	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By 28 May, an island had appeared, and was named Syrtlingur (Little Surtsey). The new	new	ADJ	island	NOUN	 island
Vincent had been concerned that camouflaging the airfield as open land would look too suspicious from the air; Northolt	Northolt	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Although the rightful writers of the content have been disputed, the recording sessions have been described as influential on	on	ADP	future	ADJ	 future
Imo met American tramp steamer SS Clara being piloted up the wrong (western) side of the harbour.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The potter asked which of them had realised the dharma first, to which the patient answered in the affirmative	affirmative	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
" He resigned from his position at Haverford and moved his family to Haddonfield, in part to be closer	closer	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In addition, the education would help to reinforce students ' ethical values and inspire them to prevent others from	from	ADP	making	VERB	 making
In addition to the Deputy Commander for Cadets, squadrons also have a Leadership Officer, a senior member whose	whose	DET	job	NOUN	 job
It reached the top twenty on the charts in Denmark, Finland, Ireland and Norway. The song's	's	PART	music	NOUN	 music
The producers felt that shooting on the lab set was the " hardest set to shoot at on the planet	planet	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
VanDerWerff noted that he thoroughly enjoyed the concept, pointing out that the " sheer level of crazy stuff that	that	PRON	goes	VERB	 goes
They are a sizeable minority of the Protoss who reject the Khala out of fear of losing their individuality inside	inside	ADP	the	DET	 the
We want the people there, to hear in Leicester Square, That we're the boys that never get	get	AUX	downhearted	VERB	 downhearted
The lower limit for sustained proton – proton nuclear fusion is about 0.08 M ☉ or 80 times the mass	mass	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bond also stated that " the homicidal impulse may have developed from a revengeful or brooding condition of the mind	mind	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Forming on July 31 in the Atlantic Ocean east of the Leeward Islands from a tropical wave, Chris moved	moved	VERB	generally	ADV	 generally
Missionary Bernt Bernsten traveled all the way from North China to investigate the happenings after hearing that the biblical prophecy	prophecy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At least one of the cast members, Oemar, is recorded as continuing to act. Lutung Kasarung was	was	AUX	adapted	VERB	 adapted
After the capitulation of Italy in the Armistice of Cassibile in September 1943, the city was taken by German	German	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
Players create a character from one of three character classes and explore the game's 84 locations, deciding whether	whether	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
Babcock spent the morning of September 6 making the physical arrangements for the reception. Floor seating was removed to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
Georgetown's first intercollegiate men's basketball team was formed in 1907. John Thompson III, son of the	the	DET	accomplished	ADJ	 accomplished
He returned to the starting lineup on 19 February and embarked on a run in which he scored ten goals	goals	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In December 1961, Kalonji was arrested on a legal pretext in Léopoldville and imprisoned. UN and Congolese troops	troops	NOUN	occupied	VERB	 occupied
The Cluj Arena was inaugurated in 2011 with concerts by Scorpions and Smokie, the main event drawing over 40,000	40,000	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
The fort was small, would probably have been home to around 500 soldiers of an auxiliary cohort, and	and	CCONJ	fell	VERB	 fell
For example, in the United Kingdom seizure of evidence by law enforcement is governed by the PACE act.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The firm of Danesi Brothers built 18 chariots, nine of which were used for practice, each weighing 900	900	NUM	pounds	NOUN	 pounds
The convoy consisted of the transports Princess Matoika, President Grant, Mongolia, Rijndam, Wilhelmina, British steamer	steamer	NOUN	Ascanius	PROPN	 Ascanius
After moving around the chart for 31 non consecutive weeks, the song eventually peaked at number three. "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
Despite difference of style and temperament, the two quickly recognised qualities in each other and developed a lifelong friendship	friendship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The process by which the pathogen is introduced into the body is known as inoculation, and the organism it	it	PRON	affects	VERB	 affects
In 1841, Don Carlos, who had been born a year earlier, died of malaria. In 1842	1842	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Building may have started any time after this, and the castle was at least partially complete in 1381,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
The Committee also played an important political role. By providing an alternative supply of food, the CNSA prevented	prevented	VERB	the	DET	 the
During his first year, Fuller opposed the impositions on currants, the patent on blue starch, presented a	a	DET	petition	NOUN	 petition
The East Plaza covers an area of 6,300 square metres (68,000 sq ft), making it the largest	largest	ADJ	open	ADJ	 open
Another Judge, Clark Peterson, said that he liked the three magical weapons: Wave, Whelm, and	and	CCONJ	Blackrazor	PROPN	 Blackrazor
The division halted its advance until 24 November while other units of the Eighth Army's IX Corps and South	South	PROPN	Korean	PROPN	 Korean
According to historian Charles R. H. Tripp, the Iraqi Ba ' athist coup of 1968 upset " the US	US	PROPN	sponsored	VERB	 sponsored
Some utilities subsidize the purchase of geothermal heat pumps by their customers, to reduce electricity demand during the summer	summer	NOUN	months	NOUN	 months
Desmond Seward writes it was the disinherited Dauphin who had the man killed. Described as a former lover of	of	ADP	Isabeau	PROPN	 Isabeau
While the suburb still contains a notable amount of native vegetation, and has not been exposed to invasive introduced	introduced	VERB	species	NOUN	 species
End of Ages has several features designed to help players complete puzzles. To recall clues or important items,	,	PUNCT	players	NOUN	 players
Immediately following, Japan also withdrew from the Washington and London Naval Treaties, thus removing all restrictions on the	the	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Both enantiomers are easily synthesized, although the yields are lower than for the oxathiane reagent. The ylide conformation	conformation	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Although designated as an east – west highway, it is nearly a diagonal northwest – southeast route. The	The	DET	western	ADJ	 western
Weston attended Valmeyer High School, the only high school in a town of 900 people. Shortly after graduating	graduating	VERB	high	ADJ	 high
As part of Sabah area, Kota Kinabalu features a typical equatorial climate with constant temperature, considerable amount of	of	ADP	rain	NOUN	 rain
Keibler was a contestant on the second season of Dancing with the Stars, where she placed third. She	She	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Some lemurs, such as the indri, use crypsis to camouflage themselves. They are often heard but difficult	difficult	ADJ	to	PART	 to
About two weeks later, on June 11, Busch Gardens Tampa announced plans for Falcon's Fury and construction	construction	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Their decrees were known as laudas. Some of the specific issues that these sejmiks addressed included: dealing with	with	ADP	taxation	NOUN	 taxation
She was launched with little ceremony on 7 October 1786, by Commissioner Charles Proby, of Chatham Dockyard.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The first edition of Facundo was published in instalments in 1845. Sarmiento removed the last two chapters of the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Other performing artists to come from Kent include singer Julianne Baird, playwright Vincent J. Cardinal, and voice actor	actor	NOUN	Joshua	PROPN	 Joshua
Kaczynski received numerous complaints and low ratings from the undergraduates he taught. Many students noted that he seemed quite	quite	ADV	uncomfortable	ADJ	 uncomfortable
He was the third child of eight and the eldest surviving son. Although no attendance records for the period	period	NOUN	survive	NOUN	 survive
Like many smaller players, it just can't compete with the low prices charged by big box rivals like	like	ADP	Staples	PROPN	 Staples
The nativity figures are placed at the tree's base. The crèche was the gift of Loretta Hines Howard	Howard	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
At least 47 plant and animal species have also been named after Kincaid. In 1938 Kincaid became the first	first	ADJ	person	NOUN	 person
(born September 29, 1985) is a retired American football wide receiver who played his entire career for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was decorated during a period of National Service for France during the 1960s. He founded the Roux Brothers	Brothers	PROPN	Scholarship	PROPN	 Scholarship
In a press conference after the signing, Real Madrid announced that Ødegaard would train with both the club's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
Faced with this combination, both Hierapytna and Olous surrendered and were forced to sign a treaty favourable to Rhodes	Rhodes	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to critic Josh Modell of Spin, the song " dips its toes in the kind of Brit rock	rock	NOUN	purveyed	VERB	 purveyed
Several greenhouses are visible near the southern end of the highway, a small percentage of the 610 hectares (	(	PUNCT	1,500	NUM	1,500
The Kemah Boardwalk is a waterfront attraction featuring a variety of rides, restaurants, shops, and other entertainment	entertainment	NOUN	venues	NOUN	 venues
The two ships, along with several other Ottoman vessels, raided Russian ports in October 1914, prompting a	a	DET	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
" Part of the song refers to Michael Jackson; coincidentally it was released at the time surrounding the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In September 1898 such an enquiry was established by the governor of Western Australia to investigate the colony's penal	penal	ADJ	system	NOUN	 system
The album opener " Abierto " (open in Spanish) consists of low bass lines, allowing for guitar	guitar	PROPN	solo	PROPN	 solo
Following the film's release, The People's Comics published the story " Fritz the Cat ' Superstar '	'	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Time's James Poniewozik wrote that having the story " turn on her resentment at being overlooked by the glee	glee	PROPN	club	NOUN	 club
The ship's armament was rounded out by five 50 cm (20 in) torpedo tubes, all mounted	mounted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In 1999, he launched Injet, an advertising and digital printing company that quickly grew in prominence with its	its	PRON	expansion	NOUN	 expansion
Villeneuve was kept alive on life support while his wife travelled to the hospital and the doctors consulted specialists worldwide	worldwide	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Within two weeks, the Brigade Headquarters at Tan Son Nhut was fully operational. It had been preceded by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 2010, Lindenwood University's endowment had reached $148 million Early the following year, Lindenwood began construction	construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Originally adopted from the hippie subculture, by the 1980s and 1990s heavy metal hair " symbolised the hate	hate	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Less than a month later, on August 29, 2005, Hurricane Katrina tore the casino barge from its	its	PRON	moorings	NOUN	 moorings
Released on 14 March 2005, it was the lead single from her sixth studio album, Avant que l	l	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
" Variety's Brian Lowry praised the show for returning network HBO to top form, saying " This is	is	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
As a campus of the University of California system, UCR is governed by a Board of Regents and administered	administered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Older lava fields on the plain have been invaded by drought resistant plants such as sagebrush, while younger fields	fields	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Under Welsh's stewardship the club gradually slipped further down the table, and were relegated to the Second Division	Division	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In addition to its effects on thrombosis, hypercoagulable states may accelerate the development of atherosclerosis, the arterial disease	disease	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In April 2008, Weiland left Velvet Revolver and reunited with Stone Temple Pilots. Velvet Revolver was put on	on	ADP	indefinite	ADJ	 indefinite
On stage he appeared in Michael Frayn's Alarms and Excursions in 1998 and in Hedda Gabler in 1999,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
Sea silk is a fine fabric woven from the byssus threads of bivalves, particularly the pen shell (Pinna	Pinna	PROPN	nobilis	PROPN	 nobilis
The blood featured in the episode was deliberately designed to look primitive as a reference to The Spirit of Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was successful on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, peaking at number eight and staying in the	the	DET	chart	NOUN	 chart
William S. Pechter of Commentary described Jaws as " a mind numbing repast for sense sated gluttons " and "	"	PUNCT	filmmaking	VERB	 filmmaking
He was a key signing in Melbourne's attempt to rebuild its squad, and in his first season at	at	ADP	Melbourne	PROPN	 Melbourne
The pipelines were soon given the names " Big Inch " and " Little Big Inch " by the construction	construction	NOUN	teams	NOUN	 teams
The cantonal contingents only took orders from their own leaders. Complaints of insubordination were common. The Swiss Diet	Diet	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
The 4,167 returned remains were found to be 4,219 individuals, of whom 2,944 were found to be Americans,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Born in Ballymena, County Antrim, Nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of Broughshane, before moving to	to	ADP	Coleraine	PROPN	 Coleraine
To support himself at Geauga, he worked as a carpenter's assistant and as a teacher. The need	need	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In the United Kingdom, the mushroom is commonly known as the " golden edge bonnet ". The cap	cap	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The north end of the main building was connected to a small conical dome which contained a theodolite used to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
The discipline of the British regulars broke down, and a panicked retreat began, with the French and Indians	Indians	PROPN	firing	VERB	 firing
What particularly struck me about her argument was her attempt to charge all Japanese with refusing to accept the fact	fact	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1957, Maryland Avenue between Silview and Boxwood Road was widened to four lanes and the one way pair	pair	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Shakespeare's plays, in particular, had multiple editions, each of which contained errors caused by the printing	printing	NOUN	process	NOUN	 process
Up until 2014, the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races, but as of the	the	DET	2015	NUM	 2015
It documents the lives of four teenage video bloggers over the course of ten weeks, as they attempt to	to	PART	write	VERB	 write
Samson Wertheimer agreed " with much public spirit " to sell the cup to the British Museum for the £	£	SYM	8,000	NUM	8,000
Lingering swells resulted in the drowning of a man at Mickler's Landing in Ponte Vedra Beach. Further north	north	ADV	near	ADP	 near
They were devised by Nathaniel Creswick and William Prest for use by the newly founded Sheffield Football Club. The	The	DET	rules	NOUN	 rules
On May 18, 2007, Ensemble Studios announced that two million copies of Age of Empires III had been	been	AUX	sold	VERB	 sold
The mushroom tissue will " bleed " a brownish range to reddish brown latex when it is cut. The	The	DET	edibility	NOUN	 edibility
The series ' conclusion, " The Reichenbach Fall ", in which Sherlock fakes his suicide by jumping from	from	ADP	St	PROPN	 St
ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time	time	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
He described how easy it was to find and download the film even if the original source of the leak	leak	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Although Raimi, Tapert, and Campbell insisted that they had made the film as partners, the studio refused	refused	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
The road is 5.88 miles (9.46 km) long, starting at the U.S. Route 9 (US 9	9	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
After the main candidate withdrew, the synagogue's president approached Chester, asking if he would stay on for	for	ADP	another	DET	 another
Guyanese and Trinidadian Indo Caribbeans developed a tradition that fused elements of calypso with the folk music of North India	India	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 139 captionless woodblock prints it tells the Faustian story of an artist who signs away his soul for a	a	DET	magic	ADJ	 magic
Shortly after, Swift is seen entering prom with a white dress, no longer looking like a nerd,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Michigan Avenue was the corridor to the side of A Block, and Broadway was the central corridor in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
The pottery closed in 2006. It had previously scaled back its output in 1993 due to Caiger Smith's	's	PART	partial	ADJ	 partial
From there the road travels northward around the east edge of the island for about 2.5 miles (4.0 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The morning's effort had been a fiasco. The attacks showed a serious German technical failure in air to	to	PART	air	NOUN	 air
Tests showed that aircraft could be used for spills up to 5,000 tonnes (4,900 long tons; 5,500 short	short	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
. The album charted for one week on the Billboard 200 and had sold 25,000 copies by March 30,	,	PUNCT	2003	NUM	 2003
The 1st and 2nd Divisions of the Active Squadron were tasked with defending against a hostile fleet, simulated by	by	ADP	older	ADJ	 older
Lefebvre received a musket ball in the wrist and had to be carried from the field; command of his	his	PRON	division	NOUN	 division
The wave tracked westward across the Atlantic for several days, reaching the western Caribbean Sea in late June.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
" The outbreak of the Russo Turkish War brought on universal conscription of young men. At his family's	's	PART	urging	NOUN	 urging
The text has been normalised to show a line break between each line and modern word division. A transcription	transcription	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Philosophers have tried to make this heuristic principle more precise in terms of theoretical parsimony or other measures. Yet	Yet	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Richardson Highway, an important route through the Alaska Interior that contributed significantly to development and settlement of the	the	DET	region	NOUN	 region
It generally lives in shallow water less than 3 m (10 ft) deep, often over mudflats in	in	ADP	estuaries	NOUN	 estuaries
Delaware Route 1D (DE 1D) is an auxiliary route of DE 1 in Sussex County. The route	route	NOUN	begins	VERB	 begins
In Montserrat, the storm brought winds up to 45 mph (72 km / h). A small	small	ADJ	number	NOUN	 number
When his parents went to Europe to finish their doctoral studies, he learned to speak French in a year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was compared to ambient music, including the works of Sigur Rós. The track became an internet meme	meme	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In Europe, it reached position 55 on the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles compiled by Billboard. The music video	video	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
One such monopoly was for soap, referred to as popish soap. Charles also raised funds from the Scottish	Scottish	ADJ	nobility	NOUN	 nobility
Dr. Malcolm A. Smith, physician to Queen Saovabha Bongsri from 1914 to 1919, wrote that, " there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
She later called the sequence " the biggest stunt of my career. " For several of the special effect	effect	NOUN	shots	NOUN	 shots
At the close of play he immediately concluded his essay; he hardly ever crossed anything out. His cricketing	cricketing	VERB	judgments	NOUN	 judgments
In 929 or 930 Henry sent ambassadors to Æthelstan's court seeking a wife for his son, Otto,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The 2013 French Open Men's Singles semifinal was a rematch of the prior year's final between Nadal and	and	CCONJ	Djokovic	PROPN	 Djokovic
In a videotaped police confession, he told authorities that Moreno González was still alive and heading the cartel.	.	PUNCT	Intelligence	NOUN	 Intelligence
The invert is withdrawn, sometimes within 60 milliseconds, by a pair of retractor muscles that are anchored at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The same year Saviem also acquired Sinpar and completed, together with Fiat and Alfa Romeo, the construction of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
As is the case with many public policy issues, costs and benefits associated with particular fire management tools are	are	AUX	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
Sacher torte and Linzer torte are sold at professional bakeries, but cheesecake and strudel are also baked at home	home	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At that time, she lived in the home of Mary Rozet Smith, where she remained until around 1934	1934	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
His efforts were rewarded by frequent appearances of stories from Science Fantasy in the annual Year's Greatest SF anthology	anthology	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
The phalangeal formula is 2 3 4 0 0, meaning that the innermost finger (phalange) has two	two	NUM	bones	NOUN	 bones
The festival's format changes annually but usually focuses around the town quay where a large marquee contains the main	main	ADJ	stage	NOUN	 stage
Lockhart became synonymous with the Belle Vue Circus, and his face was used on many advertising posters. Zoo	Zoo	PROPN	superintendent	NOUN	 superintendent
She has spina bifida, a condition she has had since birth. As of 2013, she lives in	in	ADP	Panania	PROPN	 Panania
The divines had a strong view of the inspiration of the Bible, and believed that God revealed himself in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time it was the district's second school. Its initial purpose was to provide primary level education	education	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
However, of late, the Encyclopaedia of Indian literature, published by the Sahitya Akademi (1988),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the United Kingdom, the album debuted at number ten on November 29, 2008, becoming Beyoncé's	's	PART	lowest	ADJ	 lowest
This project will reconfigure ramps, bring bridges up to standard, and will provide for three lane connections between	between	ADP	Route	PROPN	 Route
Viyyanna considers this to be an insult and conducts the marriage of Chitti and Bheemudu at his residence. Govindayya	Govindayya	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
There are many traditions associated with the Stanley Cup. One of the oldest, started by the 1896 Winnipeg	Winnipeg	PROPN	Victorias	PROPN	 Victorias
His squadron carried over 1,000 French soldiers to augment the garrison on Santo Domingo under General Jean Louis Ferrand,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Earlier, in February of that year, Brockdorff Rantzau had informed the Weimar National Assembly that Germany would have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
It is the fifth generation of the iPhone, succeeding the iPhone 4 and preceding the iPhone 5. Announced	Announced	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Newman and Jones said that although this type of crane shot became commonplace later, at the time it was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The number of possibilities was enormous, since there are many possibilities for each component of a reactor — fuel	fuel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although Jordan Reimer of The Daily Princetonian praised the song, he added that it couldn't match " the	the	DET	haunting	VERB	 haunting
The original LP was released by United Artists Jazz in 1963 in mono and stereo versions. United Artists was	was	AUX	bought	VERB	 bought
Evolutionary studies of globular clusters can also be used to determine changes due to the starting composition of the gas	gas	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1954, a young filmmaker named Roger Corman received his first screen credits as writer and associate producer of	of	ADP	Allied	PROPN	 Allied
Numerous streets in League City, Dickinson, and Friendswood were flooded for more than 24 hours. At least	least	ADJ	100	NUM	 100
In the afternoon, Sheaffe arrived on the battlefield with reinforcements and took command of the British forces. In	In	ADP	sharp	ADJ	 sharp
" The commission found that: " The written record maintained of the non video recorded interviews is not comprehensive	comprehensive	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Built in the early 14th century by John Cockerham, the Abbot of neighbouring Furness Abbey, it was intended	intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
The basidia (the spore bearing cells) may be attached to two to four spores, and the sterigmata	sterigmata	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Finishing the season with the Moose, he finished with 43 points in 50 games for the third highest point	point	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Unlike other Eastern Han rulers who sponsored the New Texts tradition of the Confucian Five Classics, Zhang was a	a	DET	patron	NOUN	 patron
By 9: 00 PM on the night of the 16th, the work of the protesters was done –	–	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Like the rest of nature, man's mind is subject to the laws of causation, Priestley contended,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The cusps on the upper molars are arranged in two longitudinal series, not three as in the black and	and	CCONJ	brown	ADJ	 brown
In 1995, Blues Traveler recorded the song for the Working Class Hero: A Tribute to John Lennon album	album	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As the papal legate, he summoned the King to appear before an ecclesiastical council to answer for the arrests	arrests	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Over the years SDIO was renamed to Ballistic Missile Defense Organization (BMDO), and later to Missile Defense	Defense	PROPN	Agency	PROPN	 Agency
The king was greatly pleased with Harclay's effort, and rewarded him lavishly. On 25 March, Harclay	Harclay	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
A second single, " Boobar Come Back to Me ", was released on seven inch in September 2008	2008	NUM	on	ADP	 on
The fight was competitive. Hughes took GSP down twice and landed a huge slam. Hughes was in trouble	trouble	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In 2012, Gadget Review's Kristie Bertucci rated Mileena as the sixth " hottest " female video game character	character	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
DE 4 begins at an intersection with Elkton Road in Newark, which heads southwest as DE 279 and northeast	northeast	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Before leaving the area, the two U.S. scout aircraft attacked Shōkaku, causing negligible damage. At 16:	:	SYM	00	PUNCT	 00
The water was only safe for agricultural and industrial use. In regulations adopted in 1985 and amended in 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
William Gill, an early Poe biographer, gathered her bones and stored them in a box he hid under	under	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Blade Runner continues to reflect modern trends and concerns, and an increasing number consider it one of the greatest	greatest	ADJ	science	NOUN	 science
In April 2010, O'Brien signed a deal with the cable network TBS to host a new late night talk	talk	NOUN	show	NOUN	 show
It is also worth mentioning that the celebrated blossoming of hugely influential Athenian culture occurred only after the Persian wars	wars	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Directed by Brian Kelly, the episode was first broadcast on the digital channel BBC Three on 22 October 2006	2006	NUM	with	ADP	 with
This technique has become the overwhelming standard for the sport from the 1980s onwards. The standing high jump was	was	AUX	contested	VERB	 contested
Stars form in clumps of cool molecular gas that hide the nascent stars. It is only when the radiation	radiation	NOUN	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Even though the storm was initially expected to enter the extreme southern Gulf of California and regain tropical storm strength	strength	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The three remaining electric shunters and the steam locomotive were chopped up. Two diesel shunters were sold to Norsk	Norsk	PROPN	Jernverk	PROPN	 Jernverk
The cost of completing the freeway in West Virginia has been estimated at $113 million (equivalent to $	$	SYM	732	NUM	732
Pamban Bridge is a cantilever bridge on the Palk Strait that connects Rameswaram to mainland India. The railway bridge	bridge	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Similarly, HAL had to program parallax scrolling for F 1 Race as the NES hardware did not initially support	support	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On September 18, 2014, Moore signed with the Chicago Bulls. With injuries sidelining Derrick Rose, Jimmy	Jimmy	PROPN	Butler	PROPN	 Butler
In the Third Anglo Mysore War (1789 –  92), the British and their allies defeated Tipu	Tipu	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Krishna is also said to have reclaimed 12 yojanas or 96 square kilometres (37 sq mi) of land	land	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Despite such concerns the area was a tangle of rough country thickly covered in heavy brush well suited for deploying	deploying	VERB	light	ADJ	 light
After formation in 1876, and with the club still amateurs, Middlesbrough's first two years of football were	were	AUX	played	VERB	 played
The film was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara, in the southern state of Karnataka, over a	a	DET	span	NOUN	 span
He was evidently impressed by Handel and asked him to set his new libretto, Agrippina. Grimani intended to	to	PART	present	VERB	 present
In an interview with Vibe magazine, Diplo revealed that when he was first asked to put the song together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Under the Freebird Rule, all three members of The Beautiful People were considered champions, and any combination of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Thüringen stored up to 3,200 metric tons (3,100 long tons) of coal, which allowed her to steam	steam	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Oral transmission is an unusual route of infection, but has been described. In 1991, farm workers in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Energy consumption is reduced by using recirculating excess heat to melt snow and ice for drinking water and heating.	.	PUNCT	Waste	PROPN	 Waste
Zzap! 64's Hogg commended the animation and backgrounds. Conversely, CU Amiga's Pattenden felt that the	the	DET	graphics	NOUN	 graphics
The episode serves as a sequel to the second season premiere, " The Dundies ". The episode was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
No. 142 was the home of radical publisher and physician John Chapman, who published contemporary authors from this	this	DET	house	NOUN	 house
The fact that the name Razumikhin means " reason " shows Dostoyevsky's desire to employ this faculty as a	a	DET	foundational	ADJ	 foundational
In five starts for the Royals, Bautista had an 0 – 4 record, a 6.51 ERA, 18	18	NUM	strikeouts	NOUN	 strikeouts
The " sombre " oak panelling originally came from the family's other property of Wormleighton Manor in Warwickshire.	.	PUNCT	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
US 24 designations; it terminates after the two directions of the boulevard diverge and form a one way loop	loop	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
The chairman (of the CBF, José Maria Marin) authorised me to open a legal action at the	the	DET	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
Central Area was disbanded in August and its responsibilities divided between Northern Area, Southern Area, and the newly	newly	ADV	formed	VERB	 formed
While he was on reconnaissance duties with No. 8 Squadron, the London Gazette announced that he had been	been	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Glinicki was philosophical about the win, noting in December 2012 that there were many awards and ceremonies, but	but	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
In some joints, a compatible filler metal is chosen to help form the bond, and this filler metal	metal	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
In mid August 1969, Bob Dylan had confounded the media's expectations by shunning the Woodstock Festival, an	an	DET	event	NOUN	 event
" In medieval times, all comic types – the buffoon, jester, hunchback, dwarf, jokester,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
As time went by, Vainio consumed more and more alcohol. In the late 1960s he frequented Tapion Tuoppi	Tuoppi	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The order involved 40 Jaguars built in Europe at Warton, and 120 licence built aircraft from Hindustan Aeronautics Limited	Limited	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Claes Uggla was next in command after Creutz and became the acting commander of the Swedish fleet. When the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
The mayor can approve or veto any ordinances or resolutions approved by the council, makes sure all contracts with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Invented in 2007, the magicJack is a small product which can be plugged into a computer's USB port	port	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Strings introduce the song with a series of repeated arpeggiated notes, which continue as Yorke's singing begins.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Writing for AllMusic, Blake Butler rated Tomahawk four stars out of five, describing the album as " moody	moody	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
A local group called Stand UP formed to fund the costs of the lawsuit, soliciting donations from supporters of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a matter of fact, since the Spring of 1804 informal talks, mediated by Talleyrand, had been	been	AUX	under	ADP	 under
A spokesman for the band said " Several record stores have refused to stock our current single.... the Nice	Nice	PROPN	feel	VERB	 feel
The song was praised for the presence of Wisin & Yandel and its hook. Queen previously collaborated with Wisin	Wisin	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
In 2012, Halo 4 was the third most played game on Xbox Live based on average unique users per	per	ADP	day	NOUN	 day
After the discovery of Pluto and Charon, no more trans Neptunian objects (TNOs) were found until (	(	PUNCT	15760	NUM	15760
While no satellites larger than 0.5 km were found, the cameras of the spacecraft detected seven small clumps of	of	ADP	ring	NOUN	 ring
If the player wishes to take over a territory through diplomatic means, they must initiate dialogue with the local	local	ADJ	leader	NOUN	 leader
The name of the character was based on the name of Jacqueline Atkins, a writer's assistant on The	The	DET	Simpsons	PROPN	 Simpsons
Bobby Briggs is seated at the bar next to the old waiter (Hank Worden) from The Great Northern	Northern	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They went on to lose the bronze medal game 3 – 1 to Sweden. Their fourth place finish marked	marked	VERB	their	PRON	 their
It is likely that all of these cultures spoke a form of Celtic language known as Pritennic. The occupants	occupants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Neurolinguistics research investigates several topics, including where language information is processed, how language processing unfolds over time,	,	PUNCT	how	SCONJ	 how
Grevillea juniperina is pollinated by birds, with bees also recorded visiting flowers. The leaves are food for caterpillars	caterpillars	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The single was written to originally include Ronnie himself but was changed to be a tribute to him as his	his	PRON	health	NOUN	 health
Abdullah became emir in 888, and Onneca's son Muhammad was named heir to the throne. However,	,	PUNCT	Muhammad	PROPN	 Muhammad
Beecher stated his intent for Norwood was to present a heroine who is " large of soul, a child	child	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Variety praised the performances of the cast, remarking that as Ziegfeld, William Powell " endows the impersonation with	with	ADP	all	DET	 all
Meredith is working with Dr. Penny Blake (Samantha Sloyan) and Dr. Ben Warren (Jason George) on	on	ADP	Lou	PROPN	 Lou
Two of the females laid eggs before dying, one laying 3,000 and the other 8,000. H. estellinensis lived	lived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Declaring Kessler an idiot for thinking he would use his powers for the greater good, he then laughs at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
His performance was followed by Colombian singer Fanny Lu. One hour after Lu's performance, a 8.8 magnitude	magnitude	NOUN	massive	ADJ	 massive
Following the 2013 season, Fister was named a finalist for the Gold Glove Award for the pitcher position alongside	alongside	ADP	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
If the claimant had an interest short of ownership, then the value of that interest formed the basis for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
When it was shown at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition of 1825, it attracted near universal praise from critics	critics	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Veilleux finished within the peloton to maintain his race lead by 1 ' 56 " over Meersman. 4 June	June	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
He was soon a champion again, however, as he and Thor the Viking were booked to win the	the	DET	NWA	PROPN	 NWA
He fiercely defended the Ottoman regime in Bosnia, polemicising with newspapers from Serbia and Austria which criticised it.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Her team investigated the provenance of the two paintings and relationships between them through technical analyses. At that time	time	NOUN	both	DET	 both
He later accompanied his father in Harald's campaign against Denmark in 1062, and was appointed regent and made	made	VERB	king	NOUN	 king
Unbeknown to them, the Budjak cession had been secretly agreed upon with Nelidov in early 1877. Even then	then	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Egyptians and Sumerians employed it for the reduction of copper, zinc, and tin ores in the manufacture	manufacture	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A civil case on behalf of a weaver wounded at Peterloo was brought against four members of the Manchester Yeomanry	Yeomanry	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Max and Stacey are devastated, and he pulls her away from the body. She tells him it is	is	AUX	her	PRON	 her
Anekāntavāda received much criticism from the Vedantists, notably Adi Sankarācārya (9th century C.E.). Sankara argued against	against	ADP	some	DET	 some
This was also the highest finish by an Ottawa team in 77 years (since the original Senators finished first	first	ADV	overall	ADV	 overall
Heyward attended Henry County High School in McDonough near Atlanta. Heyward briefly played basketball in his youth, but	but	CCONJ	concentrated	VERB	 concentrated
Hamilton was later excluded from the qualifying results after his car did not have enough fuel to return to the	the	DET	pits	NOUN	 pits
" My All " peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The jaguar is now extinct in El Salvador and Uruguay. It occurs in the 400 km² Cockscomb Basin Wildlife	Wildlife	PROPN	Sanctuary	PROPN	 Sanctuary
Three tracks were released as singles; " Mama " reached No. 4 in the UK, their highest	highest	ADJ	charting	VERB	 charting
" In a March 24, 2008 extended interview conducted in Ankara, Turkey with ABC News correspondent Martha Raddatz	Raddatz	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Although Blanca never developed a true eye, at its peak there was a ring of convection resembling one.	.	PUNCT	Under	ADP	 Under
He praised the " simple but effective ", " cartoonish " and colorful visual style, the improved detail	detail	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Wild tuatara are known to be still reproducing at about 60 years of age; " Henry ", a	a	DET	male	NOUN	 male
Two plays later, Linton ran across the goal line and into the end zone for the Tar Heels '	'	PART	first	ADJ	 first
Funding was increased during the 1950s as the fuel taxes were increased. Whereas those revenues during the war dropped	dropped	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Two days before the crash of Oceanic Flight 815, Ben discovers he has a spinal tumor. After witnessing	witnessing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Since 2010, the rate of increase was 1.5% with a 2.3% increase in Africa and a 0.3	0.3	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Some more radical activists, including Frank Kameny and Randy Wicker, found the program wanting for the apologetic tone	tone	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
Madison's daughter Ellen Wayles Hemings married Alexander Jackson Roberts, a graduate of Oberlin College. When their first	first	ADJ	son	NOUN	 son
These contemporaries include his former competitors, many of whom were driven to ruin, but many others of whom	whom	PRON	sold	VERB	 sold
Slashdotters often use the abbreviation TFA which stands for The fucking article or RTFA (" Read the fucking article	article	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Levels and Moors include 32 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (twelve of them also Special Protection Areas)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Two proposed endings to the storyline were for either Ric Flair or Vince Russo to be the father of her	her	PRON	child	NOUN	 child
The ship was present at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. She and her	her	PRON	sisters	NOUN	 sisters
The prosecution indicated it would not appeal. On December 18, 2007, prosecutor Hans Mos officially declared the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
Under the supervision of former Gaza mayor Said al Shawa, it was restored by the Supreme Muslim Council in	in	ADP	1926	NUM	 1926
By September 1944, Ostojić had been promoted to lieutenant colonel, and was the Chetnik area commander in eastern	eastern	ADJ	Bosnia	PROPN	 Bosnia
The remastered 10th anniversary edition of City was released on June 7, 2007, in similar vein to the	the	DET	2006	NUM	 2006
In November 2005, the world's largest Costco, a warehouse club store, opened in Hillsboro. The	The	DET	store	NOUN	 store
On Snowdon Hill is a small cottage which was originally a toll house built by the Chard Turnpike trust in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The area south of Lake Ladoga is a heavily forested area with many wetlands (especially peat deposits) closer	closer	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The accompanying soundtrack album, Glitter, became Carey's lowest selling album to that point. The St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	Post	PROPN	 Post
The first woolly mammoth remains studied by European scientists were examined by Hans Sloane in 1728 and consisted of fossilised	fossilised	ADJ	teeth	NOUN	 teeth
Construction of the Gordie Howe International Bridge is set to begin in 2015 for completion in 2019 – 20.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The following year, on 13 May 2007, McFall struck gold and achieved a competition record time of 26.84	26.84	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
The move to Scotland became permanent and No. 4 Commando were based at Ayr. While all this was	was	AUX	going	VERB	 going
He again showed his disrespect for authority and reputation. In one match against Melbourne, for whom his boss	boss	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
All of his unpublished musical manuscripts were eventually microfilmed. Gentieu also sent Sorabji a tape recorder to record some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Males may try to mate with females while calling or displaying. In response, a female will adopt a	a	DET	threatening	ADJ	 threatening
The San Francisco Bay Area, with its large Asian American population, celebrated his arrival. He became the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Early in Woods ' career, a small number of golf experts expressed concern about his impact on the competitiveness	competitiveness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a result, the population declined slightly in the 1970s and 1980s, falling to 136,646 in 1981.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Material for " HS 7, R 3 " was in the Los Alamos metallurgy section, and would also	also	ADV	be	AUX	 be
This circumstance is useful in isotope geology. Mangenese chromium isotope ratios reinforce the evidence from 26Al and 107Pd concerning	concerning	VERB	the	DET	 the
It consists of the following bastions: St. Gregory Bastion – an asymmetrical bastion with a long left face.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Three important works were published in 1990: the Publication of Design Management – A Handbook of Issues and Methods	Methods	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
The AL added some insurance runs in the eighth when Víctor Martínez hit a two run home run just inside	inside	ADP	the	DET	 the
Divalent chalcogenides SmS, SmSe and SmTe with cubic rock salt crystal structure are also known. They are remarkable	remarkable	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
Meanwhile, the Carmel Valley Coalition sued the city as well. The California Coastal Commission approved the construction on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
The craze for Berlin work peaked around 1850 and died out in the 1870s, under the influence of a	a	DET	competing	VERB	 competing
The painting is dominated by the massive figure of Fujiwara no Michinaga dressed in brocade jacket and trousers and placed	placed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The ship, named for Francesco Morosini, the 17th century Doge of Venice, was the second of three	three	NUM	ships	NOUN	 ships
Further damage to the town took place during the English Civil War with both sides plundering its resources, particularly	particularly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The NBA's owners originally voted 7 – 1 against the move. When Short indicated that he might take	take	VERB	the	DET	 the
I've been here since eight o ' clock. It's now eleven. I've got all night	night	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Oliver eventually settled in Bristol, England, where he died in 1815. The Massachusetts government confiscated Oliver's	's	PART	property	NOUN	 property
Wagga Wagga is home to two major Australian Defence Force establishments. The delineation of the Riverina region by government	government	NOUN	agencies	NOUN	 agencies
The $100 000 000 Bearer Cheque would have been the lowest legal tender denomination in circulation had the expiry	expiry	NOUN	dates	NOUN	 dates
At the start of his career, he thus mainly held sponsorship contracts with companies that employ sports oriented marketing	marketing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was also opposed to duelling, which he described as the " disgrace of a Christian society " and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Experienced officers, including the Kurdish captain Ali Kılıç, were sent by Mustafa Kemal to organize the tribal units	units	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the age of 22, Laird captained Stevenage for the first time in their 1 – 0 loss to	to	ADP	Hereford	PROPN	 Hereford
Tech was able to continue the advance across midfield and into Indiana territory, but the Hoosiers ' defense stiffened	stiffened	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Archaeologists have been unable to prove whether this adoption of farming was because of a new influx of migrants coming	coming	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The final game of the playoff series was described as Thompson's most memorable. During that game, Toronto	Toronto	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Without intelligence about Howe's intentions, Washington was forced to divide his still poorly trained forces, principally between	between	ADP	Manhattan	PROPN	 Manhattan
In 1852, John Russell Hind wrote that " it is universally termed Hygiea, the unnecessary appendage ' Borbonica	Borbonica	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The English astronomer John Flamsteed made comparable measurement attempts and had similar results. In 1704, Italian astronomer Jacques	Jacques	PROPN	Philippe	PROPN	 Philippe
1964: Adding a kitchen to the basement " for social purposes ". In the 1990s, the north	north	NOUN	facing	VERB	 facing
As with other Roman towns, the walls would have enclosed a rectangular town, protecting a settlement with a	a	DET	grid	NOUN	 grid
The message Kylie wanted to say with this video is important, and I am lucky to have worked with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
24. 05. " Soon after the book's publication, Potter's ageing Mrs. Tiggy began showing signs	signs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Running back Kenny Miles had four receptions for 23 yards, while wide receiver Jason Barnes had two catches for	for	ADP	21	NUM	 21
Her only appearance was in " The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show. " It is assumed she is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Gisela's mother was Gisela of Burgundy, a member of the Welf dynasty. Born around 985, Gisela	Gisela	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Scalia responded to his critics that his originalism " has occasionally led him to decisions he deplores, like his	his	PRON	upholding	VERB	 upholding
" Due to the success of Dude Ranch, the label and band management had high expectations. When the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
In order to build a rapport together, Winstead and Paul got drunk together the night before filming began,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Ryu encounters the look alike bio noid again while inside the subspace, who was resurrected and transmuted into a	a	DET	super	ADJ	 super
The book ends with an encounter with a drug addict who cared enough for her to show her the effects	effects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After its UK release, The Daily Telegraph said the iPad's lack of Adobe Flash support was " annoying	annoying	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The programming covers the history of the U.S. from the founding of the nation through the late 20th century.	.	PUNCT	Programs	NOUN	 Programs
Shabana Azmi played the role of Neerja's mother in the film. In an interview with The Indian Express	Express	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Immediately after the shock wave passed, the water wave lifted the stern 43 feet (13 m) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
During his playing career he stood 5 feet, 4 inches (163 centimeters) and weighed 140 pounds (	(	PUNCT	64	NUM	64
He also completed during this stay his third and fourth operas Rienzi and Der fliegende Holländer. Wagner had completed	completed	VERB	Rienzi	PROPN	 Rienzi
He donated a 41 acre shoreline property to the Yale Peabody Museum Natural Areas, which they described as "	"	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
Another new segment of highway opened that same year east of Jackson, bypassing Leoni and Grass Lake to the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
When completed in 2009 the Plaza overtook Opal 3 as Leeds ' second tallest building. The tower contains 572	572	NUM	student	NOUN	 student
Research published in Dairy Industries International suggested that denatured whey proteins increased moisture retention, but that the improvements were	were	AUX	very	ADV	 very
In addition to these complications, tracheal intubation via the nasal route carries a risk of dislodgement of adenoids and	and	CCONJ	potentially	ADV	 potentially
After the Enterprise arrives, they rescue Dr. Clarke who brings them up to date: a thousand years ago	ago	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
February 8, 1999 – Signed by the Florida Panthers to a five year, $47.5 million deal.	.	PUNCT	March	PROPN	 March
Career attorneys and analysts at the Department of Justice objected to the plan as diluting the votes of African American	American	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
As such, the Company's claim under Rylands was not valid. Kennedy also chose to consider foreseeability of	of	ADP	harm	NOUN	 harm
It was intended to be a darker entry in the Mega Man X series. Mega Man creator Keiji Inafune	Inafune	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Celtic drew 0 – 0 with Rangers on 24 April 2011 in the final Old Firm league fixture of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Almost from the moment Casablanca became a hit, talk began of producing a sequel. One titled Brazzaville (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
The resulting 72 minutes of music was then performed by a 91 piece orchestra. Recording sessions for the score	score	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
They expanded their family, having eight children over the next 17 years. Despite his federal pardon for being	being	AUX	a	DET	 a
Pope Calixtus III, of Spanish background himself, could do little to secure Ferdinand, so he turned to	to	ADP	Skanderbeg	PROPN	 Skanderbeg
Software tools, including player character and monster building programs, became a major part of the game. On	On	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
In its preseason top 100 player ranking, Okafor was listed at number 3 by ESPN. For the 2014	2014	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The battle above Khitomer was one of the last sequences to be shot, which proved fortuitous as the bridge	bridge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Prominent characteristics include the small head, large ears, spotted and striped coat, long legs and a black	black	ADJ	tipped	VERB	 tipped
In 1995, all of the comics and The Adventurer strips published to that date were released in a compilation	compilation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There are several other historical cemeteries in Omaha, historical Jewish synagogues and historical Christian churches dating from the pioneer	pioneer	NOUN	era	NOUN	 era
Pliny E. Holt, the son of Benjamin's half brother, William Harrison Holt, had been working with	with	ADP	Stockton	PROPN	 Stockton
The upperparts are dark brown with black streaks while the underparts are light gray. The white throat is framed	framed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Dostoevsky uses different speech mannerisms and sentences of different length for different characters. Those who use artificial language —	—	PUNCT	Luzhin	PROPN	 Luzhin
South Dakota can generally be divided into three regions: eastern South Dakota, western South Dakota, and the	the	DET	Black	PROPN	 Black
For combat, the player may use fists, explosive land mines and thermal detonators, as well as blasters	blasters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was	was	AUX	at	ADP	 at
Another explanation is that the attacks were an angry response by Bajrang Dal over the allegations that the New Life	Life	PROPN	Fellowship	PROPN	 Fellowship
The college recognizes over 70 student clubs on campus. A number of student clubs are dedicated to encouraging interest	interest	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Throughout this report reference is made to the “ alleged massacre ” and this misrepresentation of the historical events culminates	culminates	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Pedro II was neither a British style figurehead nor an autocrat in the manner of Russian czars. The Emperor	Emperor	PROPN	exercised	VERB	 exercised
Meanwhile affluent suburban home buyers bypassed the area and the planned shopping and entertainment center was never built (although	although	SCONJ	McCarthy	PROPN	 McCarthy
Martin Trout (Peter Cook) - A paparazzo in " One Foot in the Algarve ". He manages	manages	VERB	to	PART	 to
The video premiered on MTV on August 5, 2010 preceding a new episode of Jersey Shore. The "	"	PUNCT	Power	PROPN	 Power
The median income for a household in the city was $46,299, and the median income for a family	family	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
During the time he spent in Battambang for the coronation, Long organised the construction of a pagoda in the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
By August 1945, Indefatigable had 10 single Bofors guns, plus 14 twin and 12 single Oerlikon mounts.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Later, Lidy drifted to the west in the trade winds, dissipating on March 20 to the north of	of	ADP	Réunion	PROPN	 Réunion
The Number One periscope was Triton's navigational periscope, and it had a built in sextant developed by the	the	DET	Kollmorgen	PROPN	 Kollmorgen
The state's financial position was poor. Supporters of the dictatorship attempted to block progress on reforming the economy	economy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition to the courthouse in the center of the square, each corner of the square is the site	site	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The monument's restoration cost totaled $2,850 USD. The tradition of decorating the Confederate graves in Indian Mound	Mound	PROPN	Cemetery	PROPN	 Cemetery
Second, he established no policies to protect the safety of Chinese POWs. Third, he permitted an excessively	excessively	ADV	large	ADJ	 large
Other research challenges the identification of soft tissue as biofilm and confirms finding " branching, vessel like structures "	"	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
With an understanding of metabolic and thermodynamic principles, a complete accounting of energy and material flow can be traced	traced	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Each capsule measures about 55 mm (2.2 in) long and 12 mm (0.5 in) across,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The gleba is initially whitish, and then yellow green, and finally brownish green in older specimens with mature	mature	ADJ	spores	NOUN	 spores
Frank and Cecil learnt to ride at the Manor and it was during these visits to Sleaford that Cecil began	began	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Nevertheless, the short made Nation and her followers incensed, and Nation found the view of saloons Porter's	's	PART	film	NOUN	 film
In 1878 the island was declared a Forest Reserve and Captain Richard Armstrong became the first resident government administrator.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The Society was nervous about van Kinsbergen's delay, so they did not grant his request to supply new	new	ADJ	slides	NOUN	 slides
Finnish soldiers were skilled in cross country skiing. The cold, snow, forest, and long hours of	of	ADP	darkness	NOUN	 darkness
Intentionally transgressive, the Order has been characterised as providing " an aggressive and elitist spirituality ". Religious studies	studies	NOUN	scholar	NOUN	 scholar
A major finding of the flyby, announced on March 6, 2003, was of Jupiter's atmospheric circulation	circulation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A trilingual edition of Creangă's original text was published in 2006 as a Humanitas project, with illustrations made	made	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The last individual was shot in Missour (Algeria) in 1925. Coke's hartebeest is listed as Least	Least	ADJ	Concern	NOUN	 Concern
Neptunium is a hard metal, having a bulk modulus of 118 GPa, comparable to that of manganese.	.	PUNCT	Neptunium	NOUN	 Neptunium
In addition to the graves, several buildings stood within the cemetery. A larger rectangular structure with an east	east	ADJ	west	NOUN	 west
This led Gherea to conclude that, copying in real life a Symbolist cliché, Caragiale son fabricated an unfair	unfair	ADJ	image	NOUN	 image
The two victories were the start of a winning streak that saw the Hokies complete the regular season without another	another	DET	loss	NOUN	 loss
More details of the sale were released at the end of July, with the club announcing that they intended	intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
The main reason for this was the high state of readiness of RAF units during daylight. The command depended	depended	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He also claimed that Poe had said, quite poetically, as he prepared to draw his last breath:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Newspaper and Printing Presses Act (" NPPA ") generally imposes curbs on the foreign ownership of newspaper	newspaper	NOUN	companies	NOUN	 companies
The assassin was never caught, but Anahita Ratebzad, a Parchamite, believed that Amin had ordered the assassination	assassination	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Later Islamic traditions attribute the city's founding to Solomon's Jinn. The association of Palmyra with Solomon is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Seven more ships followed Bandoeng that day. They included six more Dutch steamers — Eemland, Gaasterland, Jacatra	Jacatra	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the first of these matches, Lee scored 35 not out at the end of Middlesex's innings,	,	PUNCT	helping	VERB	 helping
Angle was forced to release the hold when Joe grabbed the bottom rope. Joe then applied a Boston Crab	Crab	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They also wrote the songs as a team, with Bernard responsible for the bulk of the lyrics. The	The	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Per the regulations for the 2016 season, three practice sessions were held, two 1.5 hour sessions on Friday	Friday	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hence, this may be integral to the complex social structure of the species. Contact or social facilitation calls	calls	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The Entombment shows Christ's body, wrapped in a white linen shroud and still wearing a crown of thorns	thorns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 24 January 1839, Darwin was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS). On 29	29	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
Because of Kaga's perceived limitations, she was given priority over Akagi for modernization. Kaga was relegated to	to	PART	reserve	VERB	 reserve
" Carroll went on to comment: " Outrageous Betrayal is a disturbing but fascinating object lesson in the power	power	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She claimed that there were four types of sacrifice performed by the witches: blood sacrifice, in which the	the	DET	neophyte	PROPN	 neophyte
In February 1987, OPCOM (subsequently Air Command) was restructured into Force Element Groups (FEGs),	,	PUNCT	large	ADJ	 large
" The experience of surveying and preparing the site of Fort Stanton would serve the engineers well in the construction	construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hoysala sculptors made use of the effect of light and shade on carved walls, which poses a challenge for	for	ADP	photography	NOUN	 photography
The award was first presented to American singer Lisa Lopez, who had a US Billboard Regional Mexican Airplay number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
Gale decided that the only way to capture the bridges intact was by a glider coup de main assault.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Research with chicks showed that they preferred to peck at grains with shadows falling below them (as if illuminated	illuminated	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Through the 2007 MHSAA season he was the MHSAA All class long jump record holder with a 1991 leap of	of	ADP	24	NUM	 24
Furthermore, the argument of how well protected machinima is under the guise of parody or satire is still highly	highly	ADV	debated	VERB	 debated
Both of these titles were rejected by Davies as they were too long. Dame Kelly Holmes, who was	was	AUX	mentioned	VERB	 mentioned
Due to issues with the script, it was delivered to Allen just one day before shooting. Nine million	million	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
In addition, the case was weak because the only witness was Marguerite. Indeed, the trial at Argentan	Argentan	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
On February 13, 2008, the single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA	RIAA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Five of the paintings in William IV's original set of eight – including The Battle of Alexander at Issus	Issus	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
" Yes, you are quite right. They are totally unconnected. I have spent the best part of	of	ADP	my	PRON	 my
Ex policeman Richard Hongisto worked for 10 years to change the conservative views of the San Francisco Police Department,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Four of these would be mounted inside the hull below the waterline, two at either side of the bow	bow	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
These plans were scuttled as well when he fell ill at home. A cranial tumor led to the removal	removal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They visit the Giant's Causeway, Blarney Castle, the Guinness brewery and Dublin. After a long night	night	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Named after Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, the primary force behind the unification of Germany in 1871, the ship	ship	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In Australia, Glee again attained a new ratings high, watched by 1.27 million viewers, making " Hell	Hell	PROPN	O	INTJ	 O
And maybe he wants you to see that contradiction. After all, hiding his flaws has never been Drake	Drake	PROPN	's	PART	's
" During her years in the corps, as the only Black woman in the company, Copeland also felt	felt	VERB	the	DET	 the
Campbell's Soup, the show's lifelong sponsor, offered two premiums (a ring and a wallet)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Harrison played 12 string acoustic guitar, with support from David Foster on piano, and sparse, floor tom	tom	PROPN	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Early recording stars from this era included Swinging Busters, The Gaylords, De Boys an Dem and Los Caballeros	Caballeros	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From 1933 – 1935, she served on the Africa Station as the flagship for the squadron; she was	was	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
Michigan State's men's basketball team has won the National Championship two times: in 1979 and 2000.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Braithwaite fulfilled his duties well and was twice mentioned in despatches for his work during the August offensive. He	He	PRON	took	VERB	 took
The alliance ended when Waltman turned on Styles and performed an X Factor off the top of a ladder.	.	PUNCT	Styles	NOUN	 Styles
The bypass was never built, although part of what would have been the bypass north of Haddonfield is now	now	ADV	Route	PROPN	 Route
In Karachi, he attended the Sindh Madrasa tul Islam and the Christian Missionary Society High School. He gained	gained	VERB	his	PRON	 his
After Mary's death in 1968, Burger closed the ranch entirely, and the buildings and grounds were left	left	VERB	untended	ADJ	 untended
It was not until 1769 that Gaspar de Portolà led the first overland expedition northwards through coastal Southern California —	—	PUNCT	still	ADV	 still
The event's undercard featured different varieties of matches. One match on the undercard was contested for the TNA	TNA	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
During the winter, the two armies prepared for a major confrontation. Władysław installed a strategic supply depot at	at	ADP	Płock	PROPN	 Płock
Linkage to particular forms of HLA, which plays a central role in the immune response, might imply an	an	DET	immune	ADJ	 immune
The bill proposing the scheme was defeated in Parliament and abandoned in 1995, and the revived scheme authorised by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the turn of the 19th century, Gateshead was beginning to expand but, save a smattering of industrial	industrial	ADJ	elements	NOUN	 elements
He had linked the Red Sea to the river Nile by building a canal which ran from modern Zaqāzīq to	to	ADP	modern	ADJ	 modern
The opening theme uses a sped up drum break sample of " Funky Drummer " performed by Clyde Stubblefield.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On August 16, delegations from other strike committees arrived at the shipyard. Delegates (Bogdan Lis, Andrzej	Andrzej	PROPN	Gwiazda	PROPN	 Gwiazda
From the riders that began this edition, 169 completed the race. The riders came from 34 countries;	;	PUNCT	France	PROPN	 France
When designing the Mercury spacecraft, NASA had considered using a nitrogen / oxygen mixture to reduce the fire risk	risk	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Big Joe Williams used the theme for his October 31, 1935, recording of " Baby, Please Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
December (Eugene Lipinski) charges September with assuring that the last memories of Peter are wiped out. Both	Both	DET	universes	NOUN	 universes
Aside from a temporary deployment with the Mediterranean Fleet during the Abyssinia Crisis of 1935 – 36, she spent	spent	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the early 20th century, social housing was built on land previously held by the family who gave away	away	ADP	their	PRON	 their
And Agnès Spycket reported on a similar necklace on a fragment found in Isin. A creation date at the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
He stated that " There is only one way to end inflation: by drastically reducing the rate of increase	increase	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The assault began the following day, during which the 2nd Battalion, established around a position known as the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The breed has a large head, slightly convex profile, and a long, well muscled neck. The	The	DET	withers	NOUN	 withers
Its ability to gather nutrients from the arthropod prey it catches allows it to grow in low nutrient environments where	where	SCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
The film was nominated for 12 Filmfare Awards, Including Best Film, Best Director, and Best Actress.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Lost Frontier: The Marketing of Alaska. New York; W.W. Norton, 1977. Kruse, John A.	A.	PROPN	Fairbanks	PROPN	 Fairbanks
The House of Lords, therefore, at this moment represents everything in the realm except the Whig oligarchs,	,	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
A thriving fortress will attract certain mega beasts like hydras, titans or dragons, and randomly generated creatures called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
When his baby daughter Jessica entered the room and began bouncing around to the melody, Betts attempted to capture	capture	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Set mostly in a school at Vendôme, it examines the life and theories of a boy genius fascinated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some sources even reported up to eight hours of battery life for the 13- and 15 inch MacBook Pros during	during	ADP	casual	ADJ	 casual
Based on Census Bureau data released on February 2011, for the first time in recent history, Texas '	'	PART	white	ADJ	 white
The Tuscany Gian Gastone inherited was in a pitiful state: the army numbered less than 3,000, the royal	royal	ADJ	coffer	NOUN	 coffer
" However, despite Elisabeth's sad eyes, she was generally a sweet, happy child who was a	a	DET	peacemaker	NOUN	 peacemaker
Waterfall Gully is connected to the major Adelaide thoroughfare Greenhill Road by Waterfall Terrace and Glynburn Road, and cars	cars	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Because of the change in designated values relative to the WHERE clause, from a logic perspective the law of	of	ADP	excluded	VERB	 excluded
In the 1960s, Hebrew National hotdogs launched a " we answer to a higher authority " campaign to appeal	appeal	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Because of this, Lo kept the song for herself. She said that after co writing " Love Ballad	Ballad	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
She was renamed Bari and commissioned into the Regia Marina on 21 January 1924. The 8.8 cm anti aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
In order to achieve the band's musical goals, Tweedy invited Jim O'Rourke into the studio to mix "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Almost 80,000 members of the audience chanted " Shady! " for five minutes until Eminem returned to perform an	an	DET	encore	NOUN	 encore
NY 22 comes to an end upon intersecting US 11. The road from the modern day Bronx (then	then	ADV	part	NOUN	 part
For the bridge hundreds of thousands of components were required and all were manufactured in Birkenhead or in other English	English	ADJ	factories	NOUN	 factories
A matted surface; the note paper is made out of pure cotton, which feels crisp and firm,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Following the conclusion of the war, Kakashi is named by Tsunade as her successor, the Sixth Hokage,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
H.B. 444 was introduced in the Hawaii House of Representatives on January 26, 2009. It passed the Hawaii	Hawaii	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
After finishing their feast, Zhou and Yue thank Li once again and leave Tangyin to return home. During	During	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In November 2010, Axl Rose sued Activision for $20 million for misuse of Guns N ' Roses music	music	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 3 June 1550 he was married to Anne Seymour, eldest daughter of Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of	of	ADP	Somerset	PROPN	 Somerset
In the afternoon draw, women's team play saw a split of the three available points. Mirjam Ott	Ott	PROPN	pushed	VERB	 pushed
He finished the season with 55 receptions, 867 yards, and 8 touchdowns. He followed that with 53	53	NUM	receptions	NOUN	 receptions
On 25 August, the Governor Murray constituted a general court martial, presided over by Lt.-Col. Stephen Arthur	Arthur	PROPN	Goodman	PROPN	 Goodman
The media historian Brian McFarlane writes that, on film, Formby portrayed " essentially gormless incompetents, aspiring to	to	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
The actor's inspiration for Olaf's voice was combining the voices of Orson Welles and Béla Lugosi. Emily	Emily	PROPN	Browning	PROPN	 Browning
Older males have greater success in all of these areas than younger males. Some of the males display a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
For example, the Trefriw Woollen Mills, originally called the Vale of Conwy Woollen Mill, was built in	in	ADP	1820	NUM	 1820
With the unification of England and Scotland under a single ruler, the earls of Northumberland had no need for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
He asks Jagadish to surrender to him or else there would be more terrorist attacks. Jagadish decides to sacrifice	sacrifice	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Critics of the proposal did not believe that the tunnel would resolve the traffic issues on the northern part of	of	ADP	SR	PROPN	 SR
In 2006, the country did not have an official FIFA recognised senior a team, a situation unchanged by	by	ADP	2009	NUM	 2009
Would it be possible, without asking permission of Congress, to employ a man like Saint Gaudens to give	give	VERB	us	PRON	 us
In the Jordan valley in 1918, however, Downes was confronted with an epidemic of malaria and vigorous preventative	preventative	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The design of the current flag was finalized in 1900 with the addition of the coat of arms in the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
Harley's achievements at the club were recognised prior to the 2008 AFL season when he was inducted into the	the	DET	Geelong	PROPN	 Geelong
Before the show, a question was asked to 100 You Version App users (e.g. " Would you rather	rather	ADV	fast	VERB	 fast
The queen was careful not to provoke Rome, claiming for herself and her son the titles held by her	her	PRON	husband	NOUN	 husband
This has been restored to its Moorish splendour and now provides an eclectic programme of events from opera to "	"	PUNCT	Black	PROPN	 Black
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Outside Europe, it is known as Journey to the Far Side of the Sun, which is now the	the	DET	more	ADV	 more
The art department created concept sketches to show to Paramount, and at an art director's urging model maker	maker	NOUN	William	PROPN	 William
Paltrow initially said about a possible return to Glee in its third season: " No, I don't	n't	PART	think	VERB	 think
Juniors are known as " Serge Butts ", so neither freshmen nor sophomores can say any form of either	either	DET	word	NOUN	 word
The chain crew system has been used for over 100 years and is considered to be an accurate measure of	of	ADP	distance	NOUN	 distance
Lucky Costantino). Le Maître Chat, ou le Chat Botté was later published by Barbin in Paris in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Exploratory surveys of the local geology were carried out by William Smith, who became known as the " father	father	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Central Maine Cat Club (CMCC) was created in the early 1950s by Alta Smith and Ruby Dyer	Dyer	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In Europe, various chemical means for cooling drinks were created by the 19th century; these typically used sulphuric	sulphuric	PROPN	acid	NOUN	 acid
From here, contemporary histories fall silent. In the History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire	Empire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The following night, after Orton successfully defended the championship against Benoit in a rematch, Evolution threw Orton a	a	DET	mock	ADJ	 mock
A total of 10,000 people were left homeless across the state. In combination with a cold front, Waldo	Waldo	PROPN	contributed	VERB	 contributed
The US 25 designation was removed from I 94, and the routing through Port Huron and northward to Port	Port	PROPN	Austin	PROPN	 Austin
Criticism was directed at the game's quick time sequences. Kotaku's Narcisse considered them clunky, and Eurogamer	Eurogamer	PROPN	's	PART	's
Other common names for this species include Cook's bramble shark and spinous shark. The prickly shark has a	a	DET	flabby	ADJ	 flabby
(The song " Live Fast, Diarrhea " by The Vandals is heard, presumably a band he liked	liked	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
Early in 2013, the European Food Safety Authority issued a declaration that three specific neonicotinoid pesticides pose an acute	acute	ADJ	risk	NOUN	 risk
Meanwhile, Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) anxiously awaits the arrival of her mother, and Michael's obnoxious	obnoxious	ADJ	friend	NOUN	 friend
Wesker, in private, informs Slater to keep watch on Isaacs ' actions, and tells Slater that if	if	SCONJ	Issacs	PROPN	 Issacs
In Honduras where the tropical depression made landfall, rainfall reached 1.2 m (4 ft) in some areas	areas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Blue's Charmeleon is eventually released from its possession only to be faced down by an Arbok, owned by	by	ADP	Koga	PROPN	 Koga
Gay and AIDS activists accused NBC of pulling the episode out of fear of advertiser backlash, a charge that	that	PRON	NBC	PROPN	 NBC
Randy Jackson contributed to four tracks on the album, and said it was " the most real and honest	honest	ADJ	record	NOUN	 record
It is, however, a one act piece, a genre not regularly staged at most opera houses,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Because Druitt and the other upper middle class and aristocratic Ripper suspects were wealthy, there is more biographical material	material	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
During the 2001 – 02 season, Lapierre made his Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) debut with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
His second debut for the club came the following day in a 1 – 0 away win over Newport County	County	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He has represented his native United States twice internationally, playing in consecutive IIHF World Championships in 1997 and 1998	1998	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Such clathrate hydrates can occur naturally under conditions of high pressure, such as in Lake Vostok underneath the Antarctic	Antarctic	PROPN	ice	NOUN	 ice
Overall, he totaled 34 appearances, 15 of which were starts, and recorded an 8 – 6 record	record	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
[...] There's an art to Python humour and I'm aiming to try and get every single	single	ADJ	joke	NOUN	 joke
The showpiece event was contested between Liverpool of England and Milan of Italy at the Atatürk Stadium in Istanbul,	,	PUNCT	Turkey	PROPN	 Turkey
Any team completing the fourth mission in under 15 minutes would receive the entire $80,000 prize, otherwise the	the	DET	prize	NOUN	 prize
The song garnered positive response from music critics, many of them highlighting its lyrical content. It was a	a	DET	moderate	ADJ	 moderate
Criticism of the expansion was aimed at its poor camera angles and other technical issues, although the game and	and	CCONJ	updates	NOUN	 updates
The 1st Light Division absorbed the 11th Panzer Regiment and was redesignated as the 6th Panzer Division on 18 October	October	PROPN	1939	NUM	 1939
For example, Willie Mays extended his league leading home run total to 49 and Maury Wills raised his record	record	NOUN	breaking	VERB	 breaking
Also, the pressure from the German nationalists resulted in strengthening the Polish national democrats, particularly the Polish National	National	PROPN	Democratic	PROPN	 Democratic
He also became the only member of the career 500 home run / 500 stolen base club by stealing second	second	ADJ	base	NOUN	 base
Lewis quoted Schulz as having said: " I can still see those five pairs of eyes staring at me	me	PRON	every	DET	 every
Although some ice hockey historians credit Jacques Plante for originating the practice, Lehman was the first goaltender to regularly	regularly	ADV	pass	VERB	 pass
The planet's transit of its primary was announced on 27 April 2011, based on two weeks of nearly	nearly	ADV	continuous	ADJ	 continuous
These were optional programs which were part of a broader program that included issuing a report card outlining the progress	progress	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The core group walked away and Izzie spread the giggles. She laughs at the fact that she has cancer	cancer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The game kicked off in the afternoon; heavy rain showers had fallen the day before, causing a slight	slight	ADJ	delay	NOUN	 delay
There is a large body of evidence that shows whiting do not rely on visual cues when feeding, instead	instead	ADV	using	VERB	 using
Having adopted a pay as you go program for the state, he was forced to raise additional revenue after	after	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In this ranking, points were won by reaching the summit of a climb ahead of other cyclists. Each	Each	DET	climb	NOUN	 climb
At Berlin, Franck attended lectures by Max Planck and Emil Warburg. On 28 July 1904 he saved a	a	DET	pair	NOUN	 pair
The race began on 18 May in Milan with a stage that stretched 388 km (241 mi) to	to	ADP	Udine	PROPN	 Udine
Mathias also worked to relocate the Frederick post office and helped protect a park in the city. In 1958	1958	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Fortunately for the Macdonald government, economic conditions improved during the 1930s. In March 1937, Macdonald announced that	that	SCONJ	after	ADP	 after
Lincoln biographers James G. Randall and Richard Current, according to David Lincove, argue that: It is likely	likely	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
When Born read the paper, he recognized the formulation as one which could be transcribed and extended to the	the	DET	systematic	ADJ	 systematic
" DVD Movie Guide's Colin Jacobson thought " Bart the Murderer " was season three's first " truly	truly	ADV	great	ADJ	 great
Westinghouse's acquisition of CBS in 1995 made KDKA TV a CBS owned and operated station. DuMont produced more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
They include background music, insert themes as well as some opening and ending themes. Symphony SEED -Symphonic Suit	Suit	PROPN	Mobile	PROPN	 Mobile
The FSD F 16s were manufactured by General Dynamics in Texas at United States Air Force Plant 4 in late	late	ADJ	1975	NUM	 1975
The stage [at the Strand] was given a Japanesy air and atmosphere by the management. " The	The	DET	Wrath	PROPN	 Wrath
On 20 September 1957 President Sukarno arranged for a private screening of the film at the Presidential Palace in Bogor	Bogor	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Development was initially fast paced, as the depression acquired tropical storm force winds within six hours of formation and	and	CCONJ	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
In 1742, Labat described the macaw in much the same way as Du Tertre, while adding several details	details	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The typhoon reached its peak strength during this time with estimated winds of 165 km / h (105 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Deputy Minister of Security Celso Gamboa, who was also in attendance, promised to increase security forces in Limón	Limón	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Conference play began in early January 2013, and concluded in March with the 2013 Big Ten Men's Basketball	Basketball	PROPN	Tournament	PROPN	 Tournament
During their return, aircraft from the two adversaries passed each other in the air, resulting in more air	air	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The main storyline was instead pitched by former staff writer Ron Hauge, while Richard Appel, who also was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
I ’ m rooting for Lexie. She ’ s my kind of girl and I hope that she gets	gets	VERB	what	PRON	 what
For that to happen, the myxamoebae assume a round shape and secrete a thin cell wall. In this	this	DET	state	NOUN	 state
Inland, the heavy rains caused some rivers in Orissa to overflow and flooded rice paddies in Cuttack District.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADV	 Further
Instead they ended up casting Alison Brie, known from her role as Trudy Campbell on Mad Men. The	The	DET	premise	NOUN	 premise
If a fatty acid contains a double bond, there is the possibility of either a cis or trans geometric	geometric	ADJ	isomerism	NOUN	 isomerism
The following year, his opera Sadko was produced at the Paris Opéra and The Snow Maiden at the Opéra	Opéra	PROPN	Comique	PROPN	 Comique
It was her fourth marriage, and she had had four children. After judicious self experiments, Shulgin enlisted	enlisted	VERB	a	DET	 a
The cave is notable for the depth of its cultural deposits, extending over 28 feet (8.5 m)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
In a 4 – 1 win against Rochester the next day, Grubauer blocked 35 shots, marking his personal	personal	ADJ	high	NOUN	 high
When reading with Bell, Dohring acted the whole scene as if he had raped her, and tried to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
Randy, in a moment of desperation, reveals knowledge of a murder to the assistant principal, leading to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The film also nominated for an International Emmy for Best TV Movie / Miniseries. Sheen later reunited with Morgan	Morgan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After the Aaron Echolls trial, he is interviewed by press and cheering fans. Veronica tells Keith (Enrico	Enrico	PROPN	Colantoni	PROPN	 Colantoni
Publishers Weekly's Sybil Steinberg called it a " powerful first novel " and a " genuinely eye opening tale	tale	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A review of DDT's impact on Australian raptors between 1947 and 1993 found that the average egg shell thickness	thickness	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
During the late 1980s office building boom in the West Market Street area of Center City, businesses left the	the	DET	Fidelity	PROPN	 Fidelity
Because the flanks lack entirely dark cover hairs, they are slightly lighter than the rest of the upperparts.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Neurath later said that " neither [producer] had much involvement " in the game, and that,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
Records of the last eight species had been considered only outside their " normal " British range (e.g. crested	crested	VERB	tits	NOUN	 tits
The two sides managed to avoid their arbitration hearing by signing a two year, $3.7 million deal on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
As Henry, Smith portrayed an aspiring artist who left school to take care of his mother. To prepare	prepare	VERB	for	ADP	 for
A group of armed men opened fire on Sánchez Chávez when he left the vehicle to make a phone call	call	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
' " A photograph by George Washington Wilson taken about 1886 shows a " view of the men and women	women	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She had a full load displacement of 14,218 metric tons (13,993 long tons) and was equipped with coal	coal	NOUN	fired	VERB	 fired
Stone said although " Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo " has become less shocking with time, viewers at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
To prevent civil war the Scottish magnates asked Edward I of England to arbitrate, for which he extracted legal	legal	ADJ	recognition	NOUN	 recognition
It was exclusively released in the United Kingdom for the Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC in 1987	1987	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Boys Don't Cry was nominated for multiple awards; at the 72nd Academy Awards in 2000, Swank was	was	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
From the time of the Great Depression until the formation of the New Zealand Rabbit Board in 1954, rabbits	rabbits	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
For the image by means of which, each time, each opens a world and precedes himself in it	it	PRON	(	PUNCT	 (
On 12 April 1969 the nose was airlifted by an Aero Spacelines Guppy from Heathrow to Santa Barbara to support	support	VERB	the	DET	 the
Planets with low eccentricities have more circular orbits, whereas planets with high eccentricities have more elliptical orbits. The	The	DET	planets	NOUN	 planets
A well documented explosive eruption in the Garibaldi Belt with such force is the eruption of Mount Meager 2,350 years	years	NOUN	ago	ADV	 ago
It was possible to reset the length of day and night in order to account for the changing lengths of	of	ADP	day	NOUN	 day
These straight line features were later explained as optical illusions, though geological evidence gathered by uncrewed missions suggests that	that	SCONJ	Mars	PROPN	 Mars
Soon after May 16 he was dismissed from all his offices and the control of the capital passed into the	the	DET	hands	NOUN	 hands
The recordings were later mixed by Jaycen Joshua with assistance by Trehy Harris. Musically, " Bassline " is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Dibnah had had little contact with his daughters in the years since his divorce from Alison. In 1997 he	he	PRON	met	VERB	 met
Cotton top tamarins display high levels of parental investment during infant care. Males, particularly those that are paternal	paternal	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Bayan class marked a departure from the previous Russian armored cruisers, as they were smaller ships designed to	to	PART	serve	VERB	 serve
The following year's scheduled race was cancelled due to lack of funding, and the failure to secure sponsorship	sponsorship	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Khazars, on their part, only launched a few raids into the Transcaucasian principalities that were loosely under	under	ADP	Muslim	ADJ	 Muslim
In 1807, he published an arrangement for two violins, viola, and cello / piano for 12 of	of	ADP	Bach	PROPN	 Bach
He later said, " I sang exactly what I heard in my head, starting with the melody and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Stallings signed Flick to the Phillies to serve as a reserve outfielder for the team in the 1898 season.	.	PUNCT	Starting	VERB	 Starting
The oldest bell as of 2010, is the 840 millimetre (33 in) 360 kilogram (790 lb	lb	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
He signed Rizzuto for $75 a month and sent him to the Yankees ' farm club in Bassett,	,	PUNCT	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
It was derived from familiar traditions from the colonists ’ home countries in the British Isles and particularly England.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
He even forbade Caroline to attend his coronation and asked the government to introduce the unpopular Pains and Penalties Bill	Bill	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It promotes and publicises the memorial, through planning and staging events, so as to raise its profile and	and	CCONJ	increase	VERB	 increase
KCTV Channel 5 (CBS) broadcasts most Chiefs regular season games, with exceptions as following. KCTV also	also	ADV	broadcasts	VERB	 broadcasts
As described by Paul Schrader, " Robert Aldrich's teasing direction carries noir to its sleaziest and most perversely	perversely	ADV	erotic	ADJ	 erotic
The African Burial Ground National Monument at Duane Street preserves a site containing the remains of over 400 Africans buried	buried	VERB	during	ADP	 during
For instance, he quarrelled with his old associate C. H. Workman, over the firing of Nancy McIntosh from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Supreme Court decision in United States v. U.S. District Court (1972) left open the possibility for a	a	DET	foreign	ADJ	 foreign
Every Ottoman infantry division in Palestine repeated this reorganisation, with one quarter of their rifle strength being replaced by	by	ADP	light	ADJ	 light
Gregory, however, also says that he thinks that Ingoberg was seventy years old in 589; and this	this	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The primary rainband extending southward from the circulation of Florence dropped moderate rainfall across the Yucatán Peninsula and through southern	southern	ADJ	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
It further says and that during the time of Vipassī Buddha, Koṇḍañña was a householder named Mahakala who offered	offered	VERB	the	DET	 the
At the time Boston was chartered as a city, the population was about 46,226, while the area of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Like the country as a whole, the assumption of white racial superiority was almost universal among those on all	all	DET	sides	NOUN	 sides
A reflecting recitative for bass, Ach, Jesu, ist dein Abschied (Ah, Jesus, is Your	Your	PRON	departure	NOUN	 departure
She renamed it Ben Lomond as a tip of the hat to the romantic Walter Scott works she had read	read	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Unlike her sister, North Dakota remained off the American coast for the duration of the United States ' involvement	involvement	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although the carrier Zuikaku escaped the battle undamaged, she had lost almost half her air group, and was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
W.Nr 0870542. Also airframe conversion from B 1 to D 1. First flown on 1 March 1941.	.	PUNCT	Ju	NOUN	 Ju
Hitchcock offended the locals by refusing to stay at the village inn, and when he was taken ill with	with	ADP	altitude	NOUN	 altitude
Displacement could rise by no more than 3,000 long tons (3,000 t) and no alterations of any kind	kind	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
[...] There was a fun, engaging story, great guest stars poking fun at themselves, flashbacks	flashbacks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the event, Bradley exited the soap by falling to his death from the roof of The Queen Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	public	ADJ	 public
He decided to invade and occupy Midway Atoll, which he was sure would draw out the American carriers to	to	PART	defend	VERB	 defend
Following the 2012 Presidential elections the new government recognized Hezbollah as a " real political and military force " in	in	ADP	Lebanon	PROPN	 Lebanon
On the front of the flag is the Belarusian coat of arms, with the wording УЗБРОЕНЫЯ СІЛЫ ("	"	PUNCT	Armed	PROPN	 Armed
Then, at the selected moment t, the rate of rotation of the co rotating frame Ω is made	made	VERB	to	PART	 to
Friday reported back for pre season training in bad condition, and although Hurley claimed that Friday was trying hard	hard	ADV	to	PART	 to
A previous prototype with a trackball was put up for sale on eBay, where it passed the mark of	of	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Following the end of the war in November 1918, Kaiser Wilhelm II was stricken from the navy list and	and	CCONJ	sold	VERB	 sold
The trio were planning on launching a weekly magazine for children. Leblanc, who had fond childhood memories of	of	ADP	Tintin	PROPN	 Tintin
In 2003, they finished second in their pool behind the All Blacks, and faced England in their quarter	quarter	NOUN	final	ADJ	 final
House sparrows in constant dim light can also be entrained to a daily cycle based on the presence of food	food	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Proctor's Theater, ten years later on Fourth Street, continued the tradition. Other architects chose the era	era	NOUN	's	PART	's
In a news conference Brown announced that Byron Brown III took the senior Brown's car without permission and drove	drove	VERB	about	ADP	 about
One sold in 2004, graded MS 66 (the finest example of this date known) for $718,750	718,750	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Lichtenstein referred to the period as his " American " series, and it was generally negatively received by critics	critics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Generally, people have fewer than 36 repeated glutamines in the polyQ region which results in production of the cytoplasmic	cytoplasmic	ADJ	protein	NOUN	 protein
Ulisse goes to seek out his loyal servant Eumete, while Minerva departs to search for Telemaco, Ulisse's	's	PART	son	NOUN	 son
This was the lowest score in a final in World Cup history. After the final, the All Black	Black	ADJ	coach	NOUN	 coach
Beyoncé contacted American singer songwriter Sean Garrett, who had worked with her in Destiny's Child and on her	her	PRON	2006	NUM	 2006
The Void then became sealed in a dimensional cleft between the two worlds. Nearly a thousand years passed without	without	ADP	incident	NOUN	 incident
In 1999, LKAB bought SJ's and NSB's share in MTAB. The first two sections were delivered	delivered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
New Directions is the first group to compete, and Mercedes arrives just in time to go onstage with the	the	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Bus service is currently the only mode of public transit available to the public in London, with no ground	ground	NOUN	light	NOUN	 light
After learning his trade with Aberdeen in the early 1980s, he spent most of his playing career at Norwich	Norwich	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The neighbourhood police station allegedly had prior knowledge of or approved the kidnappings. On 6 April, Abdul Aziz	Aziz	PROPN	established	VERB	 established
1932 – 33 saw the return of Cy Denneny to Ottawa as coach. He would last only the one	one	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Chapter 3. Obliterative shading. Following the artist and amateur naturalist Abbott Handerson Thayer, Cott explains countershading with	with	ADP	diagrams	NOUN	 diagrams
Farm incomes have been in decline over the years and, as well as being a European Objective I area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Seven months later, Juniper acquired WANDL, and its technology was integrated into the NorthStar WAN controller Juniper announced	announced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Andy and Angela play Mad Libs, a phrasal template word game where one player prompts another for a list	list	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Such isolated tracks were not available through the new 2009 remasters, so the team started with the original master	master	NOUN	recordings	NOUN	 recordings
Alternative Dundee United's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park, located on Tannadice Street in the	the	DET	Clepington	PROPN	 Clepington
During the 1920s, a commitment to refurbish Yavuz as the centerpiece of the new country's fleet was the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Following this defeat and the defection of one of his sub units to Drljević, Đurišić was induced to negotiate	negotiate	VERB	directly	ADV	 directly
Both Hopkins and Ward had already predicted that independence would only come with war. To his associates in congress	congress	PROPN	Hopkins	PROPN	 Hopkins
There are the remains of two round or semi circular towers projecting from the wall. Enough of one tower	tower	NOUN	survives	VERB	 survives
There are typically four parathyroid glands. The two parathyroid glands on each side which are positioned higher are called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
Electric stop actions can be controlled at the console by stop knobs, by pivoted tilting tablets, or rocker	rocker	NOUN	tabs	NOUN	 tabs
Victoria took a close interest in the details of how Windsor Castle was run, including the minutiae of the	the	DET	social	ADJ	 social
Higher up the mountain, in the area that is now moorland, the valleys become U shaped and shallower	shallower	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In each origin story, the player is introduced to Duncan, the commander of Ferelden's Grey Wardens,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Since human arrival almost half of the country's vertebrate species have become extinct, including at least fifty one	one	NUM	birds	NOUN	 birds
As such, Mulder expresses hope that those who die in a cruel fashion " live on in some other	other	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
The ships could carry 2,350 tonnes (2,310 long tons) of coal and 400 tonnes (390 long tons	tons	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Several houses were completely destroyed, with many others receiving moderate to severe damage. The winds destroyed most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their presence has decreased in recent years due to successful security provided by the Philippine government. At 1.1 percent	percent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On January 30, 2008 it was announced that Rogers and Larry Tanenbaum, chairman of MLSE, had reached	reached	VERB	an	DET	 an
Go Toba and his officials sent several letters to him, strongly urging him to come, and Teika eventually	eventually	ADV	gave	VERB	 gave
MIT offers a comprehensive doctoral program with degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and STEM fields as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Shay went to spring training with the St. Louis Cardinals before the 1904 season. He impressed the team,	,	PUNCT	prompting	VERB	 prompting
The religious edifices of the Rudston Monolith, Beverley Minster and Beverley Friary, and Howden Minster can be visited	visited	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Game Informer's Andrew Reiner wrote that P.N.03's setting, animations and protagonist give it an " undeniable allure	allure	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city with ease, the infection is	is	AUX	characterized	VERB	 characterized
The US supported Vietnam Air Force was in fact using it as their primary aircraft by 1965. These aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
This included a petition from influential people in the US; Senator W. Warren Barbour presented it to the German	German	ADJ	ambassador	NOUN	 ambassador
" Corliss found Dalton " misused " in the film, adding that " for every plausible reason, he	he	PRON	looks	VERB	 looks
Cupul and Chinkinchel are known to have been mutually hostile, and to have engaged in wars to control the	the	DET	salt	NOUN	 salt
In 1714, Queen Anne was succeeded by her second cousin, and Sophia's son, George I,	,	PUNCT	Elector	PROPN	 Elector
Another interesting habit of males of this and other fairywren species during the reproductive season is to pluck petals (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
The song earned Ghoshal second of her two Filmfare nominations of the year. In early 2013, Ghoshal sang	sang	VERB	the	DET	 the
After a fourth down stop, Cleveland's offense took over with 26 seconds remaining, but failed to gain	gain	VERB	yardage	NOUN	 yardage
Guitar Hero and Rock Band (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Wii), music game franchises which used	used	VERB	specially	ADV	 specially
Hebel was interested in botany, natural history and other subjects. His literary work began with Allemannische Gedichte,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
This resulted in some preliminary casting disagreements between the creators and producers, especially for leading characters. Nick Stahl	Stahl	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
They also organized a tune out of the show on November 5, 1999. To appease them at least	least	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The link up was not smooth, as a friendly fire incident occurred, resulting in casualties. The combined	combined	ADJ	HV	PROPN	 HV
This work occupied all but 250 of St. Leger's white men, with the actual encirclement of the fort	fort	NOUN	dominated	VERB	 dominated
In keeping with the show's animation style, Kyle is composed of simple geometrical shapes. He is not	not	PART	offered	VERB	 offered
Lead artist Lee Musgrave admitted: " There are elements of Star Wars in there, Aliens, Dune,	,	PUNCT	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
The film received a Peabody Award in April 2006 and a Columbia duPont Award in January 2007. The accompanying	accompanying	VERB	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
By the 20th century the landscape was covered with over 50 cotton mills. Industries ancillary to these sectors,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Lemen succeeded in helping to establish an anti slavery Baptist church that drew many members. Jefferson sent Lemen to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Temper deals with a sensitive story and yet conveyed it with all the commercial elements that are needed for a	a	DET	film	NOUN	 film
But, again, what Shankly did not understand was that his relations with the board had often been acrimonious	acrimonious	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Two ships were started but none were completed due to World War II. These ships had a complex and	and	CCONJ	prolonged	ADJ	 prolonged
They carried out experiments on uranium using ordinary water, but had found that the hydrogen atoms absorbed neutrons,	,	PUNCT	thus	ADV	 thus
Knowles also performed the song as a tribute to Michael Jackson during the 2009 BET Awards. Mikkel Storleer Eriksen	Eriksen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mariah Carey fared well in other worldwide territories, reaching the top ten in the Netherlands, Australia, New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
Its reviewer found the in game Xbox One button prompts to be " delightful anachronisms ". Ars Technica's	's	PART	reviewer	NOUN	 reviewer
There had been no reelected Republican majority since 1928. Part of the reason we got reelected... is our	our	PRON	base	NOUN	 base
The campus is home to annual events including the Dance Marathon a student organized philanthropy event, Winterfest, and	and	CCONJ	Buckeye	PROPN	 Buckeye
An important application of digit extraction algorithms is to validate new claims of record π computations: After a new	new	ADJ	record	NOUN	 record
In his writings, Ljotić portrayed Jews as being responsible for the advent of liberal democracy, Freemasonry and Communism	Communism	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The final decision was unanimous. Warren drafted the basic opinion and kept circulating and revising it until he had	had	VERB	an	DET	 an
The victory ensured Liverpool won the tie 4 – 2 on aggregate to progress to the fourth round. Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	's	PART	's
Potter and Quarshie are the only regular Holby City cast members who appear in the episode. Discussing Ric's	's	PART	motivations	NOUN	 motivations
In his negative review of And Still I Rise, Stepto expresses disbelief that Angelou's poems would be produced	produced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
This material is shocked by the explosion and becomes more luminous than a standard supernova. It is likely that	that	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The match was attended by a record crowd of approximately 15,000. Four years later, the southern stand (	(	PUNCT	demolished	VERB	demolished
Writer Darren Swimmer questioned Lex's motives from earlier seasons: " You have to ask yourself, in the	the	DET	words	NOUN	 words
This left a prodigious quantity of uranium as a waste product, since it takes three tonnes of uranium to	to	PART	extract	VERB	 extract
At the same time, a feud with the Neville family was developing, particularly with Richard Neville, Earl	Earl	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The IOC also determines the Olympic program, consisting of the sports to be contested at the Games. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Fearing his original version was " too dark ", Paramount and DreamWorks conducted test screenings. The film was	was	AUX	then	ADV	 then
This provided the Navy with enough ships to form two full battle squadrons of eight ships each. The fleet	fleet	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Despite its privileges and sizeable landed estates, from the late 14th century the abbey began to suffer financially and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Nordöstlicher Sängerbund: The 49th Sängerfest was in Lancaster, Pennsylvania in 2006. The 50th Sängerfest, hosted by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was reported that, in many cases, Libyan soldiers had been killed while fleeing to avoid battle.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The Termination Act stated that all federal statutes dealing with the tribe were no longer in force, but Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
The movie also screened at the Pusan International Film Festival, Tokyo International Film Festival, the Jakarta International Film	Film	PROPN	Festival	PROPN	 Festival
Morrison describes the LSO of the 1960s and 1970s as " a rambunctious boys ' club that swaggered round the	the	DET	globe	NOUN	 globe
Another reference comes after Brian is freed, he drinks from a drinking fountain in a defiant manner, a	a	DET	reference	NOUN	 reference
The propellant was provided in a brass cartridge, and both the breech mechanism and the mounting were suitable for	for	ADP	rapid	ADJ	 rapid
In 1973, Eastwood directed his first western, High Plains Drifter, in which he also starred. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The divorce action would fail if the citizen's intervention showed that the Simpsons had colluded by, for example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Asides from Cutler and Jeffery, Jon Bostic, defensive tackle Brandon Dunn, Tayo Fabuluje, Hroniss Grasu and	and	CCONJ	linebacker	NOUN	 linebacker
Truman and Cooper arrive to speak with Packard, who had employed Palmer as an English tutor. Packard admits	admits	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" " It's All Coming Back to Me Now " is an elaborate production, in which Meat Loaf	Loaf	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Shiva is also regarded as the patron god of yoga, meditation, and arts. The main iconographical attributes	attributes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They divorced in 1947, then remarried in 1950. Parker moved back to New York in 1952, living	living	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Similar questions were raised regarding the sexual orientation of unmarried nominee Elena Kagan. However, no evidence was ever	ever	ADV	produced	VERB	 produced
Boulton spent much time in London lobbying for a contract to strike British coins, but in June 1790 the	the	DET	Pitt	PROPN	 Pitt
In the UK, " Commander " was planned for a June 28, 2010 release. Love and Rowland	Rowland	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
They were both accepted into the band on 16 June 1969, replacing singer Rod Evans and bassist Nic Simper	Simper	PROPN	respectively	ADV	 respectively
The bank officially commenced operations on 1 January 1882. It took its name from the Girdap neighbourhood of Ruse	Ruse	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
Woodfull then added consecutive fifties in draws against the MCC and Surrey. After consecutive innings wins of Oxford University	University	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She was renamed to Hetman Ivan Mazepa on 17 September 1918 and formally handed over to the Ukrainian State's	's	PART	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
Her scene — she touches Ackles ' forehead — took nine takes to film because she kept missing. Filming	Filming	VERB	for	ADP	 for
This revealed that over a twelve month period the face had lost 536 m3 (18,900 cu ft) of	of	ADP	rock	NOUN	 rock
The film was given a limited release in theaters on October 28, 2011. It earned $123,140 on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" The path is a very strong template. But we're going to take every interesting detour we feel	feel	VERB	like	ADP	 like
Principal photography was initially scheduled to take place in Arkansas; however, Louisiana was ultimately preferred for its generous	generous	ADJ	statewide	ADJ	 statewide
However, continued delays and Catherine's death during childbirth put an end to the project, and James took	took	VERB	the	DET	 the
Epilepsy begins each year in 40 – 70 per 100,000 in developed countries and 80 – 140 per 100,000 in	in	ADP	developing	VERB	 developing
In the Poetic Edda poem Grímnismál, the god Odin (disguised as Grímnir) provides the young Agnarr with	with	ADP	information	NOUN	 information
" Jeff Evans, author of The Penguin TV Companion, argues that the series ' 50 minute format allows	allows	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Its overall condition was deemed " basically intolerable requiring high priority of corrective action "; the 2006 NBI estimated	estimated	VERB	the	DET	 the
Francis finishes Deal's sentences, joking that her response to hearing of the teacher's activities was to try	try	VERB	to	PART	 to
His ruthlessness was demonstrated by his massacre of 2,600 prisoners in Acre. He obtained victories during the Third Crusade	Crusade	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In a way (the album) is really a book of stories you can tell your kids at bedtime	bedtime	NOUN	[	X	 [
Evans fell meekly, prodding a ball straight to Hassett at silly mid on, prompting O'Reilly to deem Loxton	Loxton	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Located around 500 parsecs distant, it is one of the nearest massive regions of star formation, but as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
A field study of a large city dump on the outskirts of León in northwestern Spain showed that western jackdaws	jackdaws	NOUN	forage	VERB	 forage
The breastwork was also 14 inches thick, although the curved portions at the end of the breastwork were Hughes	Hughes	PROPN	compound	NOUN	 compound
The highway continues northwest to Bridgeport at the southern terminus of SR 173 and crossing the Columbia River on the	the	DET	1,108.80	NUM	 1,108.80
In 1996, the U.S. Government passed the Iran and Libya Sanctions Act (ILSA) which prohibits U.S. (	(	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	and
Boulton was a key member of the Lunar Society, a group of Birmingham area men prominent in the arts	arts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the example of several of his stage colleagues, Gielgud joined tours of military camps. He gave recitals	recitals	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Before continuing with the storyline, the show's producers consulted with the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation	Defamation	PROPN	to	PART	 to
They had reached Greenhithe by 1: 30 pm at the ebb of the tide, where they anchored overnight	overnight	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Some dismiss the paradox, while others worry that it may be self defeating to pursue sustainability by increasing energy	energy	NOUN	efficiency	NOUN	 efficiency
Next, Bret Michaels performed the national anthem, and gave the command for drivers to start their engines.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Brünnhilde sings: " What you desire I will give you: from my ashes take it to yourselves.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The class was the earliest large scale use of the 2 6 4 wheel arrangement in Britain. Production began	began	VERB	towards	ADP	 towards
The respite did not last long, however, for only ten days after the landing at Anzac Cove,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" One could understand ", he wrote, " and forgive foreigners for calling borscht or varenyky Russian national	national	ADJ	dishes	NOUN	 dishes
The episode was considered the biggest the producers have done for series at the time. According to Joe Flanigan	Flanigan	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Dominican Republic held its first islandwide championship tournament in 1912. Professional baseball tournaments and leagues began to form	form	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The nominees were Mark Tildesley (Production Designer), Suttirat Anne Larlarb (Production Designer) and Danny Boyle	Boyle	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He was offered his old position at AMP back, having been on full time leave with pay while serving	serving	VERB	overseas	ADV	 overseas
GPUs remain Folding @ home's most powerful platform in terms of FLOPS; as of November 2012 GPU clients	clients	NOUN	account	VERB	 account
There, he met and befriended the real Sergeant Seymour Skinner, who became his mentor and helped him find	find	VERB	meaning	NOUN	 meaning
The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $527 million worldwide. While performing on Lake	Lake	PROPN	Springfield	PROPN	 Springfield
Shortly after UDI, 46 academics working at University College, a racially non segregated institution, in Rhodesia wrote	wrote	VERB	to	ADP	 to
During the three years (1967 – 69) that this playoff structure was in effect, there was one	one	NUM	use	NOUN	 use
The inconsistency may be due to variations in diagnostic criteria, with some cases of severe astigmatism interpreted as those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
For the sake of our country and ourselves, this must be stopped and the drift to narrow racialism checked	checked	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He was admitted to practice law in the county court in 1782. Following Virginia's creation of Kentucky County	County	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Speaking about his start at the post race press conference, Hamilton explained that his car suffered from a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
Moreover, they do not freeze well. French regional cuisines use locally grown vegetables, such as pomme de	de	PROPN	terre	PROPN	 terre
Early in the marriage her family faced serious financial difficulties, and later, while they were living in Colorado	Colorado	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He soon sent letters to Pope Innocent, informing him of Bohemond's cooperation with the Muslim rulers. Leo	Leo	PROPN	again	ADV	 again
Conant obtained a PhD in Chemistry from Harvard in 1916. During World War I he served in the U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
German ships and gun positions were once again strafed by the fighters, but no significant damage was inflicted.	.	PUNCT	Heavy	ADJ	 Heavy
Cortez measured a pressure of 980 mb (28.94 inHg) as the calm eye of the hurricane passed overhead	overhead	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
A number of baseball authors have ascribed racism to Landis, who they say actively perpetuated baseball's color line	line	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On May 28, it was released in Australia, Canada, France, Japan, Italy, Germany,	,	PUNCT	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
He was released on May 3, 2015. Ross has been a streaky player throughout his career. He	He	PRON	described	VERB	 described
. Critics made note of the song's indirect manner, which according to them contains references to Lopez's	's	PART	ex	NOUN	 ex
Coggins taught art classes at the Wyomissing Institute of the Arts from 1957 until 2001, despite being handicapped by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The A6 M Zeros and D3As from the sisters attacked and sank the destroyer. The next day, they	they	PRON	found	VERB	 found
Comedy Central believes strongly in creative freedom of expression; when unique and deeply insightful creative talents like those behind	behind	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
On 5 May 1945, President (Reichspräsident) of Nazi Germany Karl Dönitz ordered all U boats to cease	cease	VERB	offensive	ADJ	 offensive
However, Carla threatens to have him blacklisted if he doesn't go through with the scene. Darryl Philbin	Philbin	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The court gave Brown a one year prison sentence, suspended for three years, and fined him 1,400 US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
π appears in formulae for areas and volumes of geometrical shapes based on circles, such as ellipses, spheres	spheres	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Writing for Melody Maker in February 1998, Mark Roland drew comparisons with the music of St Etienne and	and	CCONJ	Björk	PROPN	 Björk
In agriculture the crofters were liberated from the control of the landowners at the beginning of the war, but	but	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Free Zone Scientologists, however, are sometimes more open about space opera. Some Free Zone Scientologists believe that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Franz von Hipper joined the German Navy in 1881 as an officer cadet. He commanded several torpedo boat units	units	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was rebuffed by an official who said, " The last war, you illustrators did the posters.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Homes along this stretch of Caroline are noted for their architectural significance, representing a late 19th century " conch	conch	NOUN	style	NOUN	 style
It was developed by UK based company Zippo Games for Rare; it was published by Acclaim and released in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
The problem was quickly resolved locally, but Rear Admiral Henry T. Mayo sought further redress by demanding an official	official	ADJ	disavowal	NOUN	 disavowal
The film will highlight the Burnham - Duquesne rivalry, two famous spies who had previous been under orders to	to	PART	assassinate	VERB	 assassinate
This address is located on the southeast corner of LaSalle and Madison Street in Cook County, Illinois across the	the	DET	Madison	PROPN	 Madison
The whole gang are poised to start a food fight until Diane stands up and loudly tells them to stop	stop	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The storyline of Obsessed has been compared with that of Fatal Attraction (1987), although film critics disliked	disliked	VERB	the	DET	 the
He also joined the staff of the Omaha Star newspaper. Love toured the U.S. and Europe into the late	late	ADJ	1990s	NOUN	 1990s
Aided by strong word of mouth support, Changeling's Australian release yielded $3.8 M from 74 screens after	after	ADP	eight	NUM	 eight
Directed by John Lasseter and co directed by Andrew Stanton, the film involves a misfit ant, Flik,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
The ship could easily be supplied by only two of the three plants. Potable water tanks have a capacity	capacity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After sacrificing an animal, another important rite of Hajj is shaving head or trimming hair (known as Halak	Halak	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He began in good form, but was never as effective as in 1927. Although his captaincy continued to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
His family had enquired about having his ashes dispersed at Lord's, but this honour was restricted to war	war	NOUN	dead	ADJ	 dead
" Dalton's darker portrayal of Bond led to the violence being increased and more graphic. Wilson compared the	the	DET	script	NOUN	 script
The episode received generally positive reviews upon its original broadcast. Barry Levinson won an Emmy Award for his direction	direction	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Cley Marshes reserve was created in 1926 when Norfolk birdwatcher Dr Sydney Long bought the land which now makes up	up	ADP	the	DET	 the
Back in Uppsala, Linnaeus ' relations with Nils Rosén worsened, and thus he gladly accepted an invitation from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hernandez then performed his signature Border Toss maneuver on Devon, slamming him into the mat from the top of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
It entered the chart again for two weeks in August 2010. The song also debuted at number 20 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The A.V. Club reviewer Myles McNutt criticized the Andy – Kevin – Darryl subplot for its lack of continuity or	or	CCONJ	any	DET	 any
" Cibula stated that Usher's " smoove ass " singing and Ludacris ' presence contributes to the success of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By October, the wing had received orders to depart NWA for Morotai to join the First Tactical Air Force	Force	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
He received an approval from Hitler for a counteroffensive against the Soviet forces advancing in the Donbass region. On	On	ADP	12	NUM	 12
Historically the Mersey also acted as the boundary between the historic counties of Lancashire and Cheshire. The Trafford area	area	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
These communities elected their own representatives, organized their own schools where classes were taught in the Lithuanian language,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A 2014 analysis conducted by the Idaho National Laboratory using a sample of 21,600 all electric cars and plug in	in	ADP	hybrids	NOUN	 hybrids
In the game, Richardson set a new career high with his 203 rushing yards and tied Mark Ingram,	,	PUNCT	Jr.	PROPN	 Jr.
The rainfall caused flooding, killing one person, and 20,000 people were left without power. Hary became extratropical	extratropical	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Residents in Cascade required evacuation by airlift and Mill Bank was declared a disaster area. A previously defunct railway	railway	NOUN	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
He maintained good relations with Bulgaria and, according to Andreev, his political activity was mainly concentrated in dealing	dealing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Andriamborona and his family agreed to shift three times to different parts of the hill, including the future site	site	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For many years, the mansion was the oldest official residence still in use in the United States. Located	Located	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Some fungi can cause serious diseases in humans, several of which may be fatal if untreated. These include	include	VERB	aspergillosis	NOUN	 aspergillosis
Designed for a range of 10,000 nautical miles (19,000 km; 12,000 mi) at a speed of 10	10	NUM	knots	NOUN	 knots
Seen in visible light, most Seyfert galaxies look like normal spiral galaxies, but when studied under other wavelengths	wavelengths	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During their meal, Iwata asked Sakurai to develop a launch title for the Nintendo 3DS. The platform was	was	AUX	still	ADV	 still
Before the opening, many residents swam in a section of the Frays River near Harefield Road, and the	the	DET	Colne	PROPN	 Colne
Segundus's article generates considerable interest in Mr Norrell, who moves to London to revive practical English magic.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
He emptied the container of dirt he took from the Metrodome on the mound at Target Field before pitching.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Despite early resistance, Buddhism was promoted by the ruling class and gained widespread acceptance beginning in the Asuka period	period	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
About 236,000 chickens were killed, and there were lower losses to other livestock. In Sittwe, flooding and	and	CCONJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
Instead, the auk was a powerful swimmer, a trait that it used in hunting. Its favourite prey	prey	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
A set of four drive trays was supplied with each machine. Adding hard drives to the system did not	not	PART	require	VERB	 require
Damage in this county alone exceeded $640,000 (2016 USD). Record breaking rainfall was observed across much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Heather Havrilesky of Salon.com thought that the series " hit its stride " in the second season. Havrilesky found	found	VERB	the	DET	 the
Due to some technical difficulties, the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match. Near the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
She is a two time Divas Champion and was the inaugural NXT Women's Champion in WWE's developmental branch	branch	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both airlines officially joined their sister airlines and offer alliance's services and benefits on 1 April 2007. Additionally	Additionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
A year later, a few members of Senshin Buddhist Temple in Los Angeles led by its minister Masao Kodani	Kodani	PROPN	initiated	VERB	 initiated
This has spread across the island in dense thickets and prevents the puffins from finding suitable sites for burrowing and	and	CCONJ	breeding	NOUN	 breeding
In December 1950 the unit undertook " Operation Haggis ", the delivery of 180 pounds (82 kg)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
The first major meetings of the national left wing campus group Students for a Democratic Society took place in Ann	Ann	PROPN	Arbor	PROPN	 Arbor
170 million viewers watched the semifinals and final of the 2013 edition. For the first time since 1985,	,	PUNCT	no	DET	 no
By the 7th century, some rulers, including those of Wessex, East Anglia, Essex, and Kent	Kent	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Kartik then made his T20 international debut, taking 0 / 27 from four overs in an Indian win over	over	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
It remained at the top for four weeks. According to the Official Charts Company, it was the ninth	ninth	ADJ	best	ADJ	 best
Etty refused to give up attendance, offering to resign rather than give up his studies, and the Academy	Academy	PROPN	grudgingly	ADV	 grudgingly
Suharto was assigned to Battalion XIII at Rampal, graduated from a short training course at KNIL Kaderschool in Gombong	Gombong	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The Berkeley Earth group also confirmed that over the past 50 years the land surface warmed by 0.911° C	C	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The voice acting, in particular John C. McGinley's portrayal of Fred, was widely praised, as	as	SCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Nowitzki experienced a rocky start: prior to the 1998 – 99 NBA season, NBA commissioner David Stern wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
The capital experienced high waves and a 10 ft (3 m) storm tide along its waterfront that reached	reached	VERB	the	DET	 the
Drake has cited several hip hop artists as influencing his rapping style, including Kanye West, Jay Z and	and	CCONJ	Lil	PROPN	 Lil
Vision in White and its sequel, Bed of Roses, were released in trade paperback. To help readers	readers	NOUN	differentiate	VERB	 differentiate
Symbolically, MPL = w Graphically, the iso profit line must be tangent to the production function. The	The	DET	vertical	ADJ	 vertical
Laliberté was unhappy with the deal, claiming that it gave too many rights to Columbia, which was attempting	attempting	VERB	to	PART	 to
The remainder of the campaign passed without incident and on 26 June, Major Gotthard Handrick took over command of	of	ADP	JG	PROPN	 JG
The success of ancient Egyptian civilization came partly from its ability to adapt to the conditions of the Nile River	River	PROPN	valley	NOUN	 valley
Additionally, the claws of the cheetah are shorter as well as straighter than those of other cats. Absence	Absence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Myers himself had an over abundance of ideas for balloons, but was short on cash to make many of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
At landfall, Daisy had a symmetrical cloud pattern 400 km (250 mi) in diameter. The high	high	ADJ	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
Prometheus earned $126,477,084 (31.4%) in North America and $276,877,385 (68.6%) elsewhere for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
All instrumentation and programming was carried out by Guetta, Tuinfort and Nash. The song was finally mixed by	by	ADP	Jaycen	PROPN	 Jaycen
Aubum Street is one of addresses of the Harvard Lampoon. Mr. Mitchell having a dead parrot that he believes	believes	VERB	to	PART	 to
There is no data on literacy in the Faroe Islands, but the CIA Factbook states that it is probably	probably	ADV	as	ADV	 as
As a result, animation studios moved quickly to incorporate cartoon rock bands into other programs. An early effort	effort	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
During 2013 14, peak levels of fine particulate matter (PM) in Delhi increased by about 44%	%	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The priest and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones visited St Michael's in 1845. At that time, the church	church	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Senet, a board game where pieces moved according to random chance, was particularly popular from the earliest times	times	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
James was a known philanderer who kept many mistresses, for which Anne often reproached him, once even complaining	complaining	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Queens equerry Arthur Edward Hardinge referred to the Rothschild's dining tables as " resplendent with the Hebrew gold	gold	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In the Good Spirit REDA, Canora features a flax straw processing plant, manufacturing plant, and meat processing	processing	NOUN	plant	NOUN	 plant
Finally, destroyed muscle cells release potassium ions, phosphate ions, the heme containing protein myoglobin, the enzyme	enzyme	NOUN	creatine	NOUN	 creatine
Besides NY 60, NY 430 intersects with NY 76 in Sherman and NY 394 in Mayville. It meets	meets	VERB	the	DET	 the
" When Love Takes Over " also achieved success in Europe, topping charts in Belgium (Wallonia),	,	PUNCT	Czech	PROPN	 Czech
But his restless thoughts keep the elegant music here taut. " It was ranked at number 14 on Rolling	Rolling	PROPN	Stone	PROPN	 Stone
The California State Legislature defined Route 26 as a route from Lucerne Valley to Morongo Valley in 1959. SR	SR	PROPN	247	NUM	 247
Grin developed an arcade version of the game, released in 2002 featuring a unique reclined seating position cabinet by	by	ADP	Triotech	PROPN	 Triotech
She supports various charities and causes, and is a prominent celebrity endorser of brands. Her struggle with depression	depression	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It generally arrives on the U.S. Gulf Coast during the first week of April. Fall migration usually begins in	in	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
Promoted to officer, Surcouf enlisted on the Courrier d'Afrique, another slave ship, bound for Mozambique under Captain	Captain	PROPN	Garnier	PROPN	 Garnier
At 08: 50, Rear Admiral Hipper requested permission from Admiral von Ingenohl, the commander in chief of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Back in 1988 her first single, I Should Be So Lucky, spent five weeks at number one,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
However, Cortana realizes that the ring is not a weapon as they understood at all- but before the Chief	Chief	PROPN	can	AUX	 can
For its classic wit, this phrase has become one of the more often quoted from Candide. Voltaire depicts	depicts	VERB	the	DET	 the
The stars were restored again during maintenance and restoration in 2006; however, this restoration was rushed and there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
In 2007, Ripley announced that she would be writing a cookbook about family food. She said, "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
He branded the character's final scene unconvincing and badly acted, commenting: " the appropriately feeble scene brought	brought	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Texas won the game 52 – 17 and moved into first place in the Bowl Championship Series (BCS)	)	PUNCT	standings	NOUN	 standings
The prohibitive degree of Salvia divinorum legislation varies widely from country to country. Australia has imposed its strictest '	'	PUNCT	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
In response to the petition President Barack Obama called for the banning of conversion therapy for minors. Under the	the	DET	Twitter	PROPN	 Twitter
Most species feed on fish caught by diving from flight, but the marsh terns are insect eaters, and	and	CCONJ	some	DET	 some
The Ecopass pollution charge ended on December 31, 2011, and was replaced by the Area C scheme,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The draft was unpopular. Several revolts erupted against it, many of them in the Jin provinces neighboring the	the	DET	Song	PROPN	 Song
First, much of the gold was used locally to purchase food, supplies and lodging for the miners.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On 28 May 1944, Loper was appointed Chief Engineer of US Army Forces, Pacific Ocean Areas (USAFPOA	USAFPOA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1981, and in 1999 UNESCO approved one off funding of	of	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
The fleet then proceeded to the Island of Mozambique (northeast of Sofala), in order to take on	on	ADP	provisions	NOUN	 provisions
In addition to British regulars, the troops in Quebec included several regiments from the German principalities of Hesse Hanau	Hanau	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Much has also been made of Donne's references to compasses and maps in the third stanza. Robert L.	L.	PROPN	Sharp	PROPN	 Sharp
The remainder of NY 21 roughly followed its current alignment. At the same time, what is now NY	NY	PROPN	21	NUM	 21
Today, Ben Hur is widely considered to be one of the greatest films ever made, and in 1998	1998	NUM	the	DET	 the
While many revisionist writers had suggested that Chamberlain had had few or no choices in his actions, Parker argued	argued	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
This left them without a recording contract for the next ten years. Eric Bloom stated that " in general	general	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The episode features the first scene between Walter and his old colleague William Bell (played by guest actor Leonard	Leonard	PROPN	Nimoy	PROPN	 Nimoy
Contains roughly four pages (17 – 21) of text and, separately, fourteen illustrations (figs.	.	PUNCT	20	NUM	 20
These authors sympathized with the Radical Republicans for their desire to help the African American, and saw Johnson as	as	ADP	callous	ADJ	 callous
" One incident reported by Drake and Cayton illustrated the discriminatory treatment meted out even to blacks within racially mixed	mixed	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
In the early 17th century, during the time of King James I, abortive plans were made to drain	drain	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Shortly thereafter, Suevic and her four sisters were pressed into service carrying troops to fight in the Boer War	War	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In comedy, Matt Lucas and David Walliams, Simon Pegg (of Hot Fuzz fame), Chris Morris	Morris	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He received a signing on fee of £600. As the club were based in Belfast he had to	to	PART	spend	VERB	 spend
Reviews of the episode were mostly mixed, calling the storyline " a string of poorly executed jokes with some	some	DET	mild	ADJ	 mild
The Catalan forge was invented in Catalonia, Spain, during the 8th century. Instead of using natural draught	draught	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bear admired Hodgson's imagination which, in The Night Land, had created the Last Redoubt as a "	"	PUNCT	technological	ADJ	 technological
The remains of such organized events are now celebrated spontaneously by the people who gather for a parade in Avenida	Avenida	PROPN	dos	VERB	 dos
Because of atypical scheduling of the show's first 7 episodes, American Dad! has a controversial season number	number	NOUN	discrepancy	NOUN	 discrepancy
Released on the HBO channel, it garnered 1.8 million viewers for the initial broadcast, becoming the largest audience	audience	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
If correct, this would produce an oddly truncated mast a full 9 feet (2.7 m) shorter than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the following weeks, Ziggler began to re ignite his feud with The Authority, and on the March	March	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
Nick Tan, from Game Revolution, also praised Min's personality, but he complained that the character appeared	appeared	VERB	too	ADV	 too
Shetland is around 170 kilometres (110 mi) north of mainland Scotland, covers an area of 1,468 square	square	ADJ	kilometres	NOUN	 kilometres
This broke off the remaining mast and caused the ship to heel over onto her side. As daylight broke	broke	VERB	over	ADP	 over
" Additionally, in the case of a voluntary adoption of an Indian child, the courts must follow specific	specific	ADJ	guidelines	NOUN	 guidelines
I went through a time where I was really scared of ' drying ', which is not being able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In 1999, the Academy decided that up to a maximum of three producers are eligible to be included in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Thomas E. Stelson, Dean of the College of Engineering at Georgia Tech, was named to " reorganize "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Obviously, that has not been a lot of money. " For a two year period in the early	early	ADJ	2000s	NOUN	 2000s
Like most Austrian generals of the French Revolutionary Wars, he joined the military as a young man, and	and	CCONJ	served	VERB	 served
Lord Harris, who was both the captain of Kent and England in 1884, led the protests against throwing	throwing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During the afternoon of November 25, Nina moved ashore in southern Luzon at the same intensity. It gradually	gradually	ADV	weakened	VERB	 weakened
The proposed relocation would have been the second involving a Minneapolis based franchise in the span of two years,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
A much delayed Batavian expeditionary force, sent to retake control of the Cape, arrived in August 1796,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Jabba's appetite is insatiable, and some authors portray him threatening to eat his subordinates. Nonetheless, in	in	ADP	one	NUM	 one
By the time the train makes it to the bottom of the drop, it reaches its maximum speed of	of	ADP	71	NUM	 71
" When asked if he would elaborate on his plans, he replied " No! [Laughs.]	]	PUNCT	Too	ADV	 Too
Krycek tells Marita to tell her superiors that " it is all going to hell ". Meanwhile, Fox	Fox	PROPN	Mulder	PROPN	 Mulder
Working with the Boeing plant in Wichita, Kansas, Tibbets test flew the B 29, and soon accumulated	accumulated	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
South east of the keep was the hall, built by Roger Clifford in the late 14th century as a	a	DET	replacement	NOUN	 replacement
" The huia appears to be a remnant of an early expansion of passerines in the country of New Zealand	Zealand	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Furious spent the next three months after her return working up. In August, she was detailed to accompany	accompany	VERB	the	DET	 the
Her most highly praised novel during her lifetime was Pride and Prejudice, her second published novel. Austen's	's	PART	plots	NOUN	 plots
Alonso faced more competition for his place in the form of new arrival Mohamed Sissoko. However, Steven Gerrard	Gerrard	PROPN	's	PART	's
The reign of Richard II (1377 – 1400) saw the investment of £500 in repairing the castle	castle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the following 35 years, Texas A & M more than tripled its enrollment from 14,000 students to over	over	ADP	45,000	NUM	 45,000
Tolkien never intended Quenya or any of his constructed languages to be used in everyday life as an international auxiliary	auxiliary	ADJ	language	NOUN	 language
The project is funded through an equity contribution of about USD 200 m from Diwaco, a USD 300 m	m	NOUN	grant	NOUN	 grant
Other large employers of note include Krifa (a trades union organisation) and 5R, a telemarketing company,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
He instead stayed with the plane and made a perfect landing. The event garnered him an Air Force commendation	commendation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The canisters also affect the user's mental state, causing a more violent and arrogant temperament. Serviles remain	remain	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Olajuwon averaged career lows of 7.1 points and 6.0 rebounds per game in what would be his final season in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hardy remarked that it was one of the most unusual papers seen in mathematical research at that time and that	that	SCONJ	Ramanujan	PROPN	 Ramanujan
However, a Murphy goal in the 90th minute of the match meant Liverpool won 4 – 3 to progress	progress	VERB	to	ADP	 to
To you, unfortunately, business, money, and things that have nothing to do with those emotions have	have	AUX	become	VERB	 become
The game was a commercial success, and sold more than one million copies as of January 2012. A	A	DET	spin	NOUN	 spin
This book drew public attention to her work, and she began to communicate with leading educational and reformist thinkers	thinkers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The systems also came with a number of smaller built in applications, such as the Merriam Webster Collegiate Dictionary	Dictionary	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In Skagen, he became one of the central and most enthusiastic members of the artistic community. Marie Krøyer	Krøyer	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Chief Justice of Arizona C.G.W. French ruled in Paul's favor in late January 1881, but Shibell appealed.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Indeed, at the Palmetto Expressway's southern end, between US 1 and Kendall Drive, traffic moves almost	almost	ADV	exclusively	ADV	 exclusively
Cadbury Castle is located 5 miles (8.0 km) north east of Yeovil. It stands on the summit	summit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In comics and in other media. As with the hero, the majority of the villains ' powers originate	originate	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Empire Wildebeeste strayed behind even before the convoy dispersed on 19 January, and was left to sail on to	to	ADP	Baltimore	PROPN	 Baltimore
After Meili and his family reported receiving death threats, they fled to the United States and were granted political	political	ADJ	asylum	NOUN	 asylum
In Burnet's dispute with the assembly over his salary (which exceeded that of Shute in its acrimony and	and	CCONJ	occupied	VERB	 occupied
Films they appeared in after Subway Sadie include Smile, Brother, Smile (1927), Ladies ' Night	Night	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
According to his brother Charlie, people used to visit the Lennon house in Copperfield Street while Alf was away	away	ADV	at	ADP	 at
The red grouse is common on heather clad moorland across the north and west of Great Britain and in localised	localised	VERB	areas	NOUN	 areas
By 18 August the airfield was ready for operation. Five days worth of food had been landed from the	the	DET	transports	NOUN	 transports
She pledged to support education, reduce poverty, and slow the pace of privatization. While Torrijos ran in	in	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
" When George Gershwin asked him for lessons in the 1920s, Ravel, after serious consideration, refused,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Bosanquet's contributions helped Middlesex to win the County Championship for the first time. Although no Test matches were	were	AUX	played	VERB	 played
The name is short for the German Panzerkampfwagen I (" armored fighting vehicle mark I "), abbreviated	abbreviated	VERB	PzKpfw	PROPN	 PzKpfw
A major refit scheduled to begin in late 1981 was postponed pending the decision on a replacement carrier. After	After	ADP	docking	NOUN	 docking
". Horror author Anne Rice has named Dracula's Daughter as a direct inspiration for her own homoerotic vampire	vampire	NOUN	fiction	NOUN	 fiction
Alan Alda portrayed controversial viral researcher Robert Gallo, and many other stars appeared in supporting and cameo roles,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Harding worked to shore up his support through incessant letter writing. Despite the candidate's work, according to	to	ADP	Russell	PROPN	 Russell
Black Isle released the groundbreaking Fallout (1997) which, reminiscent of Interplay's earlier Wasteland, was set	set	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In October 1932, at the height of his career, he suddenly fell ill after wrapping a film.	.	PUNCT	Hospitalized	VERB	 Hospitalized
It is the oldest mosque in the country and one of the oldest in West Africa, and has been	been	AUX	referred	VERB	 referred
They were powered by two geared steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by five	five	NUM	du	PROPN	 du
The expanded version of Cream's Farewell Concert film released in 1977 contains the performance. During their 2005 reunion	reunion	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following an increase in organized thunderstorm activity near the center, the JTWC started issuing warnings on Tropical Depression 19	19	NUM	at	ADP	 at
On 16 March 1994, Russian envoy Vitaly Churkin brokered negotiations between Croatia and the RSK which produced a new	new	ADJ	ceasefire	NOUN	 ceasefire
The successor, St Botolph's Church of England School, moved out of the old premises into new accommodation	accommodation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Al Jean, Matt Selman, Carolyn Omine, Dana Gould, Joe Mantegna and Pete Michels participated in the	the	DET	audio	ADJ	 audio
A particular critical success was The Year of the Sex Olympics, broadcast as part of BBC2's Theatre 625	625	NUM	series	NOUN	 series
A U boat reported the convoy's location at 09: 00 on 25 December, and Dönitz ordered Scharnhorst	Scharnhorst	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
The crankshaft ran in three main bearings. While the prototype Straight Eight shown at the model's introduction had	had	VERB	horizontal	ADJ	 horizontal
This was an increase from the previous episode, " The Aftermath ", as it was watched by 5.7	5.7	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Striebel had previously been orchestrating the Princeton offense from behind the goal, but on March 25, 2001,	,	PUNCT	head	NOUN	 head
In October 2013, it was confirmed that Kim Raver and William Devane would reprise their roles as Audrey Raines	Raines	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Phoenix was the largest of the twelve constellations established by Petrus Plancius from the observations of Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and	and	CCONJ	Frederick	PROPN	 Frederick
Prevalence data vary depending on the country and age / disabilities surveyed, but typically between 0.1 and 1.5%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There was a lot of pressure upon the Secretariat for the smooth performance of these Games, as the IOA	IOA	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
These films included Broadway Melody, which was promoted as the first " all singing, all talking, all	all	PRON	dancing	VERB	 dancing
It was the first battle in the War in Afghanistan in which Afghan army units were the principal fighting force	force	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After a short season, Robinson returned to California in December 1941 to pursue a career as running back for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wiggins switched his focus to road and moved with his family to the city of Girona in north east Spain	Spain	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nevertheless, 12 half eagles ($5 gold coins) were sent from Charlotte to Philadelphia, through enemy	enemy	NOUN	lines	NOUN	 lines
Instead of Yue wandering behind the temple to battle the magical snake, he stays with Zhou and the Abbot	Abbot	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Here they were subordinated to Major Rudolf Emil Schnoor, the commander of I. / JG 1. On 15	15	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
It was in these years that Bellamy wrote Looking Backward, the work that brought him fame. His principal	principal	ADJ	absences	NOUN	 absences
The rapid deterioration of the economy led to the resignation on 27 March 1930 of the coalition government that had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Total cost of the public portion of the project was $34 million, with construction totaling $23.5 million	million	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Women of lower weight are at greater risk from unopposed estrogen. A longer period of fertility — either from	from	ADP	an	DET	 an
Compared with national figures, the town had a relatively low percentage working in agriculture. The census recorded the	the	DET	economic	ADJ	 economic
Enthiran received positive reviews from critics in India, with praise particularly directed at Rathnavelu's cinematography, Cyril's	's	PART	art	NOUN	 art
Batting at number six, Crawford scored 44 runs in the first innings and 43 in the second; he	he	PRON	took	VERB	 took
Runway lights and an Instrument Landing System were installed, making the airport capable of supporting low visibility and night	night	NOUN	landings	NOUN	 landings
Hebron Church and its cemetery are located east of Carpers Pike (West Virginia Route 259) in the unincorporated	unincorporated	ADJ	community	NOUN	 community
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, executive producer Jeff Pinkner stated that the first six episodes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are 84 elementary level and 47 secondary level music and art schools, as well as 92 schools for	for	ADP	disabled	ADJ	 disabled
" Cordray announced his 2008 candidacy for Ohio state attorney general on June 11, 2008. He was endorsed	endorsed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Bermuda Regiment soldiers and sailors from the Argyll took part in initial cleanup and repairs on the territory, and	and	CCONJ	preliminary	ADJ	 preliminary
The oldest chick often bears the advantage of larger size and louder voice, which tends to draw the parents	parents	NOUN	attention	NOUN	 attention
He then met Prabhupada in England in September 1969 and was impressed by the acharya's declaration that he was	was	AUX	merely	ADV	 merely
As of 2016, that title is held by Illumination Entertainment's Minions (2015), with US $	$	SYM	1.157	NUM	1.157
When Philippe moved to Switzerland, Bozon followed, and was a player for the junior clubs of Genève Servette	Servette	PROPN	HC	PROPN	 HC
According to Leng, Harrison was in the same state of internal conflict over 1972 – 73 as John Lennon	Lennon	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Buffy and her friends discover that chief amongst these experiments is the creation of a human cyber demonoid hybrid known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The only photos of the flights of 1904 – 1905 were taken by the brothers. (A few photos	photos	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" The Old Chieftain " lingered for days, remaining mentally alert, before dying in the late evening of	of	ADP	Saturday	PROPN	 Saturday
After some initial successes against their enemy, they learn that the Asurans have retreated back to the safety of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson)	)	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The species remained listed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species in 2000, categorized as " endangered "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
He updated the team's offense by favoring passing and bringing in smaller and quicker players. A rule change	change	NOUN	allowing	VERB	 allowing
Banksia verae was renamed Eubanksia by Stephan Endlicher in 1847, and demoted to sectional rank by Carl Meissner in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was published by NTT Publishing on November 11, 1995 with the catalog number RSS 0001. Romancing SaGa	SaGa	PROPN	Minstrel	PROPN	 Minstrel
On the occasion, he hailed the Post Impressionist French artists Paul Gauguin and Paul Cézanne as the models to	to	PART	follow	VERB	 follow
Upon completion she traveled up the Atlantic coast, down the St. Lawrence River, across Lake Ontario, through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
In its original American broadcast on March 10, 1993, " A Dog and Pony Show " was watched	watched	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It is conjectured that e is normal, meaning that when e is expressed in any base the possible digits	digits	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
If PHP has no module support for a web server, it can always be used as a Common Gateway	Gateway	PROPN	Interface	PROPN	 Interface
Hooker gave credit to his stepfather, Will Moore, who taught him the rhythm of " Boogie Chillen '	'	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Wollstonecraft's text resembles conventional conduct books in promoting self control and submission, traits that were supposed to attract	attract	VERB	a	DET	 a
– Harrison is free! " According to Colin Larkin, writing in the 2011 edition of his Encyclopedia of	of	ADP	Popular	PROPN	 Popular
Banks claims to still have a Mellotron in storage, but doesn't feel inclined to use it as he	he	PRON	generally	ADV	 generally
From this start at exit 111, the freeway proceeds northward through a suburban residential area next to a baseball	baseball	NOUN	field	NOUN	 field
General manager Doug Hamilton said that the team had a mission " to compete for and win championships ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition, with their arrival in Austria, both Button and Alonso had used up their quota of engine	engine	NOUN	components	NOUN	 components
At one time, US 4 overlapped with NY 32 from Waterford to Northumberland with no interruption in between.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Swanberg and cinematographer Ben Richardson decided to shoot on 35 mm film rather than digitally, as most of Swanberg	Swanberg	PROPN	's	PART	's
The earliest surviving church in Bristol is St James ' Priory in Horsefair, Whitson Street. It was founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The instability of Rn (VIII) is due to the relativistic stabilization of the 6s shell, also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
They have puffed out or hanging cheeks, closed eyes and are of indeterminate gender. Local style sculptures are	are	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
She warned Uttanka that Takshaka, the king of Nagas (serpents), was after the divine earrings and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
With restrictions on DDT use in the US from 1972, its population has recovered, and it was delisted	delisted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Palloy had an altar set up on the site in February 1790, formed out of iron chains and restraints	restraints	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The route begins at Highway 62 in Bloomfield and travels east to the Collins Bay Road junction at Collins Bay	Bay	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A karaoke version of the album, with a yellow background, was released in April 2008. The recording	recording	NOUN	debuted	VERB	 debuted
The southernmost segment of the mail route provided a direct link between Memphis and Randolph and connected the villages on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In an attempt to conceal the planned attack, Polish diplomats accepted the proposal to negotiate. The negotiations started	started	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Final Fantasy Gaiden: Seiken Densetsu Sound Collections is a soundtrack album of music from Final Fantasy Adventure combining its	its	PRON	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
The Famous Five and South Stands are the oldest part of the present stadium, built in 1995. Each	Each	DET	stand	NOUN	 stand
Hands should also be wetted before touching them.) Wild Murray cod populations across their range suffer extremely severe	severe	ADJ	infestations	NOUN	 infestations
He wrote that " ' Fionna and Cake ' was reminiscent of the series ' earlier episodes, in regards	regards	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Because people are motivated to use as little cognitive resources as possible stereotypes and the connotations attached to them,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
They were joined by the Cumans, a Turkic people who owned an expansive khanate stretching from Lake Balkhash to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He wrote another script for the series shortly after his departure from The Killing, thanks in part to the	the	DET	support	NOUN	 support
" These observations were among the earliest anyone made concerning the threat French expansion posed to the English, and	and	CCONJ	some	PRON	 some
Higgins has been heavily involved with non profit organizations. She is chairman and CEO of Independent Women's Voice	Voice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Ted Kennedy delivered a eulogy at Robert's funeral, which included the oft quoted: My brother need	need	AUX	not	PART	 not
Small pigs are weaker and are easily vanquished by direct hits or by debris from the damaged structures, while	while	SCONJ	larger	ADJ	 larger
The series was filled with controversy, starting with the exclusion of top Canadian player Bobby Hull and including disputes	disputes	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
The preamble to the decrees that were passed at the diet mentioned " the laxity of the lord king "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Naruto, Sakura, and the new members of Team 7 use this intelligence to track Sasuke down, but	but	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Conversely, fashion designer Donatella Versace, a friend of Carey's, told Vogue that she thought Carey's	's	PART	singing	NOUN	 singing
A photograph of Fauxlivia wearing a gold medal in marksmanship is shown, proving that unlike the prime universe,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Moon Bloodgood as Blair Williams, a " no nonsense and battle hardened " pilot of the Resistance who suffers	suffers	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In the December national elections, the opposition Awami League gained a landslide victory, gaining 160 of the 162	162	NUM	East	PROPN	 East
Its investors also included Virginia's Royal Governor, Robert Dinwiddie, who appointed Washington a major in the provincial	provincial	ADJ	militia	NOUN	 militia
Battle reports thus became one of the toughest challenges for the team, and went through several iterations to get	get	VERB	right	ADJ	 right
Many people wrote letters to the TSO and some even cancelled their subscriptions. For its part, the TSO	TSO	PROPN	board	NOUN	 board
Intercepting IAF pilots relied frequently on VHF radio, in hopes of preserving their tactical communications and links to the	the	DET	command	NOUN	 command
At the end of the fourth day's play the Australian Board of Control for Cricket sent the following cable	cable	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Named for the 16th century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria, she was the third and final ship of the Ruggiero	Ruggiero	PROPN	di	PROPN	 di
A large Senators flag was draped on the City Hall, along with a large video screen showing the games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In this region, it was certified gold by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) for	for	ADP	selling	VERB	 selling
Hiroshima was bombed on August 6, and Nagasaki three days later leaving 129,000 – 246,000 dead. Japan agreed	agreed	VERB	to	PART	 to
He founded the Gestapo in 1933, and later gave command of it to Heinrich Himmler. Göring was appointed	appointed	VERB	commander	NOUN	 commander
The players could work for the government, and the work allowed the players to play for the team.	.	PUNCT	Meanwhile	ADV	 Meanwhile
The Dalai Lama has held an event at the band shell and rallies celebrating the National Basketball Association championships by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Food and Drug Administration must rely on its Adverse Event Reporting System to monitor adverse events that occur with	with	ADP	supplements	NOUN	 supplements
The resulting cladogram follows below: Descriptions of the thylacine vary, as evidence is restricted to preserved joey specimens	specimens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As can be seen at the Behistun Inscription, Darius believed that Ahura Mazda had appointed him to rule the	the	DET	Achaemenid	PROPN	 Achaemenid
From here north to the terminus in Mottville, M 103 parallels the St. Joseph River running through farmlands.	.	PUNCT	South	NOUN	 South
In June, Napoli and the rest of the 1st Division was stationed at Rhodes. Over the next two	two	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Blake thinks that Richard was the author, but he considers the evidence to be inconclusive. Janet Fairweather,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
On the other hand, the various subsets are also part of the innate immune system, as restricted TCR	TCR	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
The PlayStation version features hidden " mirror " version of the tracks. It becomes a " mirror image "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
WASP 15 is an F type star located in the Hydra constellation. It is located approximately 308 parsecs (	(	PUNCT	1,004	NUM	1,004
In an interview, fellow cast member Kristen Stewart talked about Lautner's transformation saying, " He's an	an	DET	entirely	ADV	 entirely
The church closed that year after problems that including money laundering by the church leaders led to the bankrupting of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other signings included two of Taylor's former players at Burton, defender Tony Parry and goalkeeper Les Green;	;	PUNCT	Parry	PROPN	 Parry
Rebbachisauridae is the basalmost family within the superfamily Diplodocoidea, which also contains the long necked diplodocids and the short	short	ADJ	necked	VERB	 necked
The Pleasance was eventually dismantled by Henry VIII and partially moved into the left hand court inside the castle itself	itself	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
As his knowledge and confidence increased Jan began to go out into the countryside by himself, exploring the hills	hills	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Approximately the westernmost one third of the Catlins area lies in the Southland District, based in Invercargill, 50	50	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The best known exposition of Chinese character composition is the Shuowen Jiezi, compiled by Xu Shen around 120 AD	AD	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Urey contributed a science article to The Scientific Monthly on Irving Langmuir, who invented atomic hydrogen welding in 1911	1911	NUM	by	ADP	 by
" Around this time, the band also released " Alive with the Glory of Love " as a single	single	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Boydell offered Reynolds carte blanche for his paintings, giving him a down payment of £500, an extraordinary	extraordinary	ADJ	amount	NOUN	 amount
Once the entire quartet had composed songs, they entered studios in Brooklyn and East St. Louis throughout 2009 and	and	CCONJ	2010	NUM	 2010
Sir Henry Rew, a leading authority on agricultural economics, a former assistant secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture	Agriculture	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
John visited Pope Innocent III in Rome. The pope donated 40,000 marks for the defence of the Holy Land	Land	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In August 1942, Roosevelt appointed Conant to the Rubber Survey Committee. Chaired by Bernard M. Baruch, a	a	DET	trusted	VERB	 trusted
A group of bootleggers smuggle Canadian Club whisky from boats into the United States but two men in ski masks	masks	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
He compiled another 8 sacks the following year as he split time with fellow defensive end John Washington. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Deteriorating habitats have hindered the recovery of rhino populations that fell victim to poaching. Even with all the conservation	conservation	NOUN	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
He led the league in fielding among second basemen in 1950 and 1951. Toward the end of his career	career	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, overdose is a relatively minor problem; for example, only 0.08% of the UK population present	present	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Roger Ebert gave the film one out of four stars, criticizing its visuals, plot, characters, and	and	CCONJ	dialogue	NOUN	 dialogue
In that country, as of 2014 it was estimated that 52,630 women were diagnosed yearly and 8,590 would die	die	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Near Custer, US 10 crosses into the Manistee National Forest. The trunkline continues eastward through the forest passing	passing	VERB	north	NOUN	 north
A rotunda was built at the centre of the old Market Field (now West Smithfield), comprising gardens	gardens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Germans responded by sending reinforcements to Africa through Vichy held Tunisia, but by the start of 1943 they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
On 7 January 1727 Mist's Weekly Journal satirised the matter, making several allusions to political change, and	and	CCONJ	comparing	VERB	 comparing
He was perhaps survived by two sons. Domnall was one of two recorded sons of Muirchertach Ua Briain,	,	PUNCT	High	ADJ	 High
Both are portrayed by voice actors, not the actual wrestlers themselves. The South Park boys host a "	"	PUNCT	W.T.F.	PROPN	 W.T.F.
The disassociation meant that Michigan could not accept donations or recruiting assistance from any of the players for ten years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The English version of the song was featured in both the Japanese and North American versions of the game.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Orton's split from the group was cemented when he lost a handicap match against both Rhodes and DiBiase on	on	ADP	Raw	PROPN	 Raw
Despite the damage her crew continued to fire back until she ceased firing at 4: 47. Sturdee was	was	AUX	ready	ADJ	 ready
Oils and chemicals were removed for re use or disposal and storage tanks were flushed out. Methanol was removed	removed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
That series ' co creator, Paul Feig, has directed several episodes of The Office, including " Email	Email	PROPN	Surveillance	PROPN	 Surveillance
The majority of the population neither read nor wrote well. On the other hand, the few who could	could	AUX	enter	VERB	 enter
He believed the taxation of alcohol spread the burdens of taxation unfairly, especially as concerned his constituents, who	who	PRON	included	VERB	 included
The city is also a center for medical device manufacturing, since Flagstaff is home to W. L. Gore and	and	CCONJ	Associates	PROPN	 Associates
I would like to mention and appreciate the contribution and support of the Chinese in helping us acquire a technological	technological	ADJ	breakthrough	NOUN	 breakthrough
The play transferred to the Duchess Theatre in May 1960 and ran for 444 performances, receiving an Evening Standard	Standard	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
Despite its name, and common association with Islington, the grounds of the inn and all of the western	western	ADJ	edge	NOUN	 edge
" PopMatters ' Bill Gibron wrote that, as a villain, Gothel " can ’ t compete with traditional	traditional	ADJ	House	PROPN	 House
While no diamond transistors have yet been successfully integrated into commercial electronics, they are promising for use in exceptionally	exceptionally	ADV	high	ADJ	 high
" Some commentators called for the closure of the site unless an acceptable solution to the controversy was found.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Heavy fighting followed the initial landing and, within five days, half of Weir's battalion had been killed	killed	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
With a capacity for 5,500 spectators, the hall also features a 25 meter swimming pool and telecommunications installations.	.	PUNCT	Opened	VERB	 Opened
The Greek writer of the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea referred to a place called Baraca, which has been	been	AUX	interpreted	VERB	 interpreted
When first approved, the extension of I 70 from Denver to Cove Fort was criticized in some area newspapers	newspapers	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
By 1372 the office had passed — probably by marriage — to the Kennedy family of Dunure. The 17th	17th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Based on analyses of fruit bodies collected in Portugal, there are 367 kilocalories per 100 grams of bolete (	(	PUNCT	as	ADP	as
Afterwards, she refused to eat until her parents ultimately relented. Roekiah performed regularly afterwards with the troupe.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Also included in the plan is an outline for raising awareness about human trafficking across Canada. The plan specifically	specifically	ADV	mentions	VERB	 mentions
During the award ceremony speech by Sture Allén, Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy, Burger's Daughter was	was	AUX	cited	VERB	 cited
Del Rey's performance of the track at a date at the House of Blues in Boston on May 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Common names include " queen conch " and " pink conch " in English, caracol rosa and caracol rosado	rosado	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Those that participated or were present included Chief of the French General Staff, Marshal of France Marie Émile Fayolle	Fayolle	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2011, a music video for the song leaked onto the internet made from official footage that was never	never	ADV	finished	VERB	 finished
Varina Davis, who had taken another boat to Brierfield, met him on the river, and he finally	finally	ADV	received	VERB	 received
Between 1893 and 1897, the years when Bauer and Nold were also in the Western Penitentiary for their part	part	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
According to the story, the three prototypes remained unused in the Dornier factory in Lowental for almost six months	months	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The oldest brain to have been discovered was in Armenia in the Areni 1 cave complex. The brain,	,	PUNCT	estimated	VERB	 estimated
Only fifteen members voted for this resolution, but all twenty signed it. The Germans broke their promise and	and	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
The tour, like the album it supported, was commercially successful but critically panned. The critical failure of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since its airing, " Goodbye, Michael " was met with critical acclaim and is considered one of the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
Spence Dookey of IGN gave the album a 6.9 out of 10 and said that " Milian glistens most brightly	brightly	ADV	on	ADP	 on
She displaced 904 metric tons (890 long tons; 996 short tons) normally. Her propulsion system consisted	consisted	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Between these two structures is an older free standing wall. This wall has a westward facing mosaic frieze that	that	PRON	bears	NOUN	 bears
He was then posted to the Jagdfliegerschule (Fighter Pilot School) at Werneuchen, under the command of Oberst	Oberst	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Slant Magazine's Fernando F. Croce felt the film was " part marauding animal horror movie, part Afterschool Special	Special	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, re engineering an existing manufacturing process can be costly. Certification usually leads to increased revenues by opening	opening	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The Iowa bound bridge opened in 1935; the Illinois bridge in 1958. In addition to replacing the bridges	bridges	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" [A] Pioneer and a Menace " in her youth, Dame Musset has reached " a witty	witty	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
He made several visits to Eastern Europe and to China, where he also advised governments. He was also	also	ADV	for	ADP	 for
Tancredo responded to the draft efforts by stating that he would only start a campaign if a candidate already in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 15th and 16th centuries saw a small number of English and occasional Welsh castles develop still grander keeps.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Originally word final * n turned into / ŋ /; if * n was originally followed by a vowel	vowel	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The Mercer exit on I 5 was partially opened in November 1963, with the northbound ramps open to traffic	traffic	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the Japanese were slow to move inland, a party of 60 soldiers subsequently destroyed the NGVR stores dump	dump	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Yuki did historical research for Godchild, traveling to London, England, and visiting seven historical sites: Westminster	Westminster	PROPN	Abbey	PROPN	 Abbey
Some missions were also flown by the Royal Jordanian Air Force, but most of the Jordanian Hunters were destroyed	destroyed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He was a Colonel of the Royal Marines and voted a Freeman of Bath, Salisbury, Exeter, Plymouth	Plymouth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The U.S. claims on the vast Spanish territories west of the Sabine River into Santa Fe de Nuevo México province	province	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
And it's only natural that she'll let him know what she thinks. I always did that for	for	ADP	Ronnie	PROPN	 Ronnie
" By early afternoon, the 2 / 31st Infantry Battalion reached the Lae airfield where it killed 15 Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
It was her best doubles result since 2009. It was the first time since 2008 that an unseeded pair	pair	NOUN	won	VERB	 won
Before hanging up, he awkwardly adds that she should be tested for herpes. Meanwhile, Andy Bernard (	(	PUNCT	Ed	PROPN	Ed
Caribbean Sound Basin's main studio had both analog and digital equipment, a 60 ft x 70 ft x	x	SYM	18	NUM	 18
The two characters are childhood friends, and while both are born of differing social classes; Ramza a noble	noble	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
This creates the ability to credibly commit to a particular action, resulting in " first mover advantage ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Fuel coolant reactions may fragment the volcanic material by propagating stress waves, widening cracks and increasing surface area that	that	PRON	ultimetly	ADV	 ultimetly
On 13 November Laverdure decided to disobey these orders and marched to El Herri with almost his entire force,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
White described her mother as matriarchal and her father as secretive. Beginning in 1909, White attended the Boston	Boston	PROPN	Girls	PROPN	 Girls
The arch was built as part of the Temple Mount's massive western retaining wall, which forms its eastern	eastern	ADJ	support	NOUN	 support
After the season ended, Collins was not re signed by the Browns, so he spent the 1925 season	season	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The whole day was a pleasurable experience [...] The video starts off with an opening title parodying Looney	Looney	PROPN	Tunes	PROPN	 Tunes
The magazine made a particular note of the advantage in handling and grip enjoyed by the older live axled Volvo	Volvo	PROPN	244	NUM	 244
Hickok willed her personal papers to the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum in Hyde Park, part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In July 1824 Everett gave an unexpectedly significant speech at Harvard's Phi Beta Kappa Society that would alter his	his	PRON	career	NOUN	 career
The IMA grounds are also home to 100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park, located	located	VERB	behind	ADP	 behind
As of 2007, the metropolitan areas bordering the range — New Haven, Meriden, New Britain, Hartford	Hartford	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was the first and only release for J Records, their last album issued by Sony Music. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Based on morphological features, the Alexandrine parakeet (Psittacula eupatria) has been proposed as the founder population for	for	ADP	all	DET	 all
Expository dialogue explains Mott's absence from " The Runaway Bride " by the character having had Spanish flu.	.	PUNCT	Wilfred	PROPN	 Wilfred
The company was put under new management in September 2009 with the aim of turning around the company's finances	finances	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
When Eidansha Boshu Service Center was founded in 1975 it published tabloid magazines that advertised real estate. In 1982	1982	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The video begins with shots of the duo throwing a football back and forth to each other. At 2	2	NUM	:	SYM	:
The support of these men was actively solicited by Struthers ' well connected friends and relatives, including his cousin	cousin	NOUN	the	DET	 the
" For a year and a half, Darius and his armies were unable to retake the city, though	though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Vykintas died in 1251 or 1252, and Tautvilas was forced to rejoin Daniel of Galicia. Mindaugas and his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Writing for San Antonio Express News, Mike Greenberg observed, " T. Arthur Cottam's Pornographic Apathetic is just	just	ADV	about	ADP	 about
Kanthaugen and its lift is rented out for tobogganing. The sledding track serves groups and tourists with activities such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
No care or nursing services are available, nor is welfare payment available. Norwegian residents retain pension and medical	medical	ADJ	rights	NOUN	 rights
These soils are prone to degradation issues, and are susceptible to erosion, nutrient loss and salinity. The	The	DET	climate	NOUN	 climate
A circular staircase within the building gives access to the castle's main gun platform or water bastion, a	a	DET	low	ADJ	 low
However, they end up trying simultaneously to impress Erin during a competitive duet of John Denver's " Take	Take	VERB	Me	PRON	 Me
She was laid down in July 1891, launched in July 1894, and completed in July 1897. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Accompanying Milligan to assist him in the investigation was his personal staff, including his chief of staff, Captain	Captain	PROPN	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
The South Expressway exit, which marks the southern end of Iowa Highway 192 (Iowa 192), is	is	AUX	adjacent	ADJ	 adjacent
Kwee intermixed several languages other than Malay, particularly Dutch, Sundanese, and English; he included two quotes	quotes	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
All were NAACP sponsored cases. The Davis case, the only case of the five originating from a student	student	NOUN	protest	NOUN	 protest
When (a similar effect) happens with a planet (we call it) an occultation; when the	the	DET	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
SRI sponsored the First National Air Pollution Symposium in Pasadena, California, in November 1949. Experts gave presentations	presentations	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The main attraction, for which the park is named, is its free ranging lemurs. Featured daily feeding	feeding	NOUN	times	NOUN	 times
The " We The North " campaign was originally to be launched during the 2015 – 16 season; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
She was the lead vessel of her class and was operated by two German navies, the Reichsmarine and the	the	DET	Kriegsmarine	PROPN	 Kriegsmarine
He is subsequently destroyed by the Master Chief with a Spartan Laser, but Sergeant Johnson is fatally wounded in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This made them the first official greenspace in Portland. While they were dedicated to the city, they were	were	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The incident enraged the British population and caused a diplomatic incident with the British that nearly led to war until	until	SCONJ	Russia	PROPN	 Russia
The piezoelectric gauges developed by Anderson's team correctly indicated an explosion of 108 tons of TNT (450 GJ	GJ	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Its accompanying music video, directed by Simon Brand, was filmed in Las Vegas, and features Arjona singing	singing	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
In June, Mr. Fuji, Yokozuna's manager, challenged all American athletes to attempt to bodyslam Yokozuna on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The robustness of its limbs and the strong jaws with the ability to gape indicates that it foraged on the	the	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
Reviewers drew comparisons to Marble Madness, which was ported to home platforms the same year. Roberts called Spindizzy	Spindizzy	PROPN	the	DET	 the
At the age of 25, Pryce graduated to Formula One, the highest category of circuit racing defined by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following a year of highly publicised peace campaigning by the Lennons in 1969, Apple press officer Derek Taylor was	was	AUX	concerned	VERB	 concerned
Meanwhile, Steve makes plans to move his safe with the gold to Mexico, using an armored truck to	to	PART	transport	VERB	 transport
The task force then moved on Eretria, which it besieged and destroyed. Finally, it moved to attack	attack	VERB	Athens	PROPN	 Athens
Townsend predicted that Asia Answers might have a frosty reception from reviewers because of what he alleged to be the	the	DET	pro	ADJ	 pro
" Hungry Like the Wolf " (Single version) – 3: 23 " Careless Memories " (Live	Live	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Amtrak, the national passenger rail system, provides service three times a week to Houston via the Sunset Limited	Limited	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Mike Diver of BBC Online reviewed the show positively and said, " this is an entirely second guessable affair	affair	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He led the NL or AL in putouts five times in his career and assists three times. He has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In September 1995, bass player Paul McGuigan walked out on the group after a flurry of verbal abuse from	from	ADP	Liam	PROPN	 Liam
With the new deal, Buddy Cannon returned to produce the recordings of Nelson. After selecting the material and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1989, Sesame Street created a four year " race relations curriculum " that focused on introducing its viewers	viewers	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The remaster was released both individually and as part of The Collected Works of Hayao Miyazaki, a box set	set	NOUN	containing	VERB	 containing
The Cuban government denied her permission to attend. Nicholas Lemann, dean of Columbia's Graduate School of Journalism	Journalism	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Bagheera volunteers to escort him back. They leave that very night, but Mowgli is determined to stay in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The final Charter constituted the province as a " county palatinate ", officially titled the " Province of Avalon	Avalon	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
At about half past three in the morning of 26 June 1830 at Windsor Castle, he reportedly called out	out	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
A new Dover Bridge, replacing a bridge built in the 19th century, was completed in 1932. In	In	ADP	1939	NUM	 1939
At the beginning of the war against Poland, Hitler authorised the killing of Polish civilians, including Jews and	and	CCONJ	ethnic	ADJ	 ethnic
If a cerebral aneurysm is identified on angiography, two measures are available to reduce the risk of further bleeding	bleeding	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Following a satisfactory inspection carried out by Major Marindin of the Board of Trade on 3 September 1892, the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
Arriving a few hours after their initial contact with the enemy earlier in the morning, the 25th Battalion made	made	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Soon after the restart, Henrik Larsson headed Celtic's equaliser, but Dmitri Alenichev restored Porto's lead a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Jane Stevenson (Canoe.ca) maintained that the show at the Molson Canadian Amphitheatre in Toronto had " none of	of	ADP	that	DET	 that
Work on Vanguard was started and stopped several times during the war and even after construction had begun, her	her	PRON	design	NOUN	 design
Another copy cat incident occurred some time after the 2012 football game with Virginia Tech when vandals, believed to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
" Mikoyan tried to save some close knit companions from being executed, though he was not without his faults	faults	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The tributaries Green Run and Panther Creek are Class A Wild Trout Waters for brook trout and part of the	the	DET	tributary	NOUN	 tributary
He described the works as featuring " a characteristically Lutheran interpretation " of the First Epistle of John. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Hardy, in retaliation, performed a Swanton Bomb on Orton from the top of the Raw set and seemed	seemed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The service was active from 2010 to 2012. During the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, in which he	he	PRON	appeared	VERB	 appeared
This resulted in the FK 2 design. The length increased to 144 m (472 ft) overall and	and	CCONJ	139	NUM	 139
They started to re form Chetnik units in eastern Bosnia and began agitating against the Partisans on a " conservative	conservative	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Despite the stormy weather and the difficult seas, he managed to catch enough fish to feed the entire village	village	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They duly signed. The band began work on a debut album, alongside producer Paul Sampson. Ieuan introduced	introduced	VERB	Sampson	PROPN	 Sampson
Around 1% of these neutrinos are thought to deposit sufficient energy into the outer layers of the star to	to	PART	drive	VERB	 drive
Furthermore, the expedition could not be expected to be spotted by search parties or passing whalers. Within days	days	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In particular, the role of downdrafts, particularly the rear flank downdraft, and the role of baroclinic boundaries	boundaries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dressed in an enveloping blue robe that hides most of her face, she collapses and is caught by John	John	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Francis refused, holding out for the possibility of better terms from Richard. In mid 1484, Francis was	was	AUX	incapacitated	VERB	 incapacitated
An estimated platoon sized force of Chinese made the first attack. The Rangers fought back with heavy small arms	arms	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
The first ship in the class, Hood, was built according to this design to counter the possible completion	completion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1945, Byrd hired 32 year old Paul " Bear " Bryant to his first head coaching post.	.	PUNCT	Bryant	PROPN	 Bryant
Amanita muscaria and Amanita pantherina are illegal to buy, sell, or possess since December 2008. Possession of	of	ADP	amounts	NOUN	 amounts
The species ' decline is mainly being driven by predation by feral pets (cats and dogs) and indirectly	indirectly	ADV	by	ADP	 by
Hughes writes, " When Sullivan wrote what we call ' a good tune ' it was nearly always '	'	PUNCT	good	ADJ	 good
" The call for restoration is often justified on the basis of a " falling away " that corrupted the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
On the penalty kill, he is an efficient shot blocker, using his body to get in the way	way	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Three days after, Anelka scored his first career hat trick against Leicester City. Bergkamp after the match felt	felt	VERB	Arsenal	PROPN	 Arsenal
The same year gold had been found on the banks of Klondike River, but in small amounts and no	no	DET	claims	NOUN	 claims
Without any material international support Lithuania had no choice but to accept the ultimatum. Lithuanian diplomacy characterized the concession	concession	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Bruno Bettelheim remarks that " the more simple and straightforward a good character in a fairy tale, the easier	easier	ADJ	it	PRON	 it
The Third Test was drawn amid rain interruptions that cost a day and a half of play; England had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
West holds the NBA record for the highest points per game average in a playoff series with 46.3. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
And like the holders of a secret, they had an advantage which was a disadvantage, too, and	and	CCONJ	which	PRON	 which
The game was released for DOS in 1995. In 1996, the game received a Windows 95 re release	release	VERB	titled	VERB	 titled
Everything possible is being done to produce more offensive spirit and optimistic outlook. But I can not pretend that	that	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
The Undertaker attempted the same move again, but Wippleman knocked the Undertaker off the rope. Kamala knocked the	the	DET	Undertaker	PROPN	 Undertaker
While the RAN acknowledged that the Bathurst class corvettes that made up most of its escort force were too slow	slow	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Marik Metal Art later built a replacement studio and workshop adjacent to the now grand ruin. Hawthorne Villa is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
" John Pritchard was principal conductor from 1982 to 1989. In The Times, Paul Griffiths wrote, "	"	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
In its first year, the park, its features and associated people received over 30 awards. Some mayors	mayors	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He visited the family estate at Königswart and then Frankfurt in late August to encourage the member states of the	the	DET	German	PROPN	 German
But she is ruthless. She reminds me of a saying attributed to David Merrick: ' It is not	not	PART	enough	ADJ	 enough
By the 1930s Deming's table was appearing in handbooks and encyclopaedias of chemistry. It was also distributed for	for	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Unsuccessful proposals were made for a trust to run the theatre in 1968, and in the 1970s, shares	shares	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Beatles: Rock Band was well received at the 2009 E3 Convention, and was named the Best Music	Music	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
The episode was written by Jonathan Collier with input from David Mirkin, and directed by Mark Kirkland. The	The	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
The Shelleys left Britain in 1818 for Italy, where their second and third children died before Mary Shelley gave	gave	VERB	birth	NOUN	 birth
He created the circus sequences for the Orson Welles produced Broadway musical Around the World. Barbette created the aerial	aerial	ADJ	ballet	NOUN	 ballet
= O zhe pe e kun nun nah pun a i ee ah ne she nah pa moo mah kah	kah	PROPN	toon	PROPN	 toon
Reinfeldt's goal is said to be to fine tune the welfare state, by focusing on getting people off	off	ADP	welfare	NOUN	 welfare
After arguing with her husband Peter who is against the idea, Lois decides to become a gestational carrier and	and	CCONJ	undergoes	PROPN	 undergoes
The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions. Only the role of Marie Eline is cited by	by	ADP	Bowers	PROPN	 Bowers
In 1986, in the same case, LaRouche said that he did not know who had paid the rent	rent	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Included with the release of WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 was a new submission system, in which the player	player	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Justinian's ambition to restore the Roman Empire to its former glory was only partly realized. In the West	West	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The road crossed the railway line twice, and Clackline Brook via a small bedlog bridge, in the vicinity	vicinity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sparty appears in several other incarnations. In printed literature, the university uses a copyrighted cartoon Spartan, usually	usually	ADV	drawn	VERB	 drawn
The Church of Spiritual Technology (CST), a sister organization of the Church of Scientology, has engraved	engraved	VERB	Hubbard	PROPN	 Hubbard
In 1828, Adams nominated him to replace Kentuckian Robert Trimble as an associate justice of the Supreme Court,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He was supported by others among his contemporaries, including Pope Clement III, who, when he appointed Longchamp	Longchamp	PROPN	legate	NOUN	 legate
He is later released, only to join the forces of General Paz, a key unitarian figure. Fighting	Fighting	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His remains were subsequently returned to the Netherlands with full military honours. There were also large numbers of wounded	wounded	VERB	among	ADP	 among
In the run up to the announcement that an invasion force was to be sent to Guatemala, 10,000 Nahua	Nahua	PROPN	warriors	NOUN	 warriors
In Banaswadi, a group were reported to have pelted stones at a church and fled. A Catholic school	school	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Imogen Quest, the protagonist Adam's girlfriend, lives at Thatch; a watercolour of the house is displayed	displayed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He was also honorary editor of three international systems journals: Systems Research and Behavioral Science, the Journal of	of	ADP	Applied	PROPN	 Applied
Jericho broke it by hitting Punk with a kendo stick. Punk then grabbed a chair and prepared to attack	attack	VERB	Jericho	PROPN	 Jericho
" The song's final refrain has Swift narrating from Romeo's perspective and proposing marriage to Swift. "	"	PUNCT	Love	PROPN	 Love
That same year the music scholar David Scott Kastan described Sgt. Pepper as " the most important and influential	influential	ADJ	rock	NOUN	 rock
Tommy Quon personally sent out the single to various radio stations around the US, but the single was seldom	seldom	ADV	played	VERB	 played
According to AllMusic reviewer Dave Thompson, the album is " one of the most beloved, and eccentric prog	prog	NOUN	albums	NOUN	 albums
On 20 November 1992, a major fire occurred at Windsor Castle, lasting for 15 hours and causing widespread	widespread	ADJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
The first second of each minute is reserved for the minute marker, previously described. In the diagram above	above	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Nevis Landscape Partnership is supported by five partner organisations (John Muir Trust, Forestry Commission Scotland, The	The	DET	Highland	PROPN	 Highland
" Stylus Magazine writer Scott Plagenhoef described the single as " marvelous lilting [and] hopeful ", while	while	SCONJ	Stephen	PROPN	 Stephen
He was credited with eight aerial victories, and led No. 75 Squadron during the Battle of Port Moresby	Moresby	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
About 840,000 units of the game, including 550,000 in Europe, were sold during Square Enix's 2009 fiscal	fiscal	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
It was also commercially successful, garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best rated showing and receiving high ratings in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The season officially began on June 15, and lasted until November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The lyrics to a song were usually done after finishing the vocal track for another. Grohl described the track	track	NOUN	listing	VERB	 listing
Ælfheah sent Ælfric of Eynsham to Cerne Abbey to take charge of its monastic school. He was present at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following his second year with the Michigan State Spartans, he was selected 53rd overall by the Florida Panthers in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Karen Gillan was cast as Amy Pond, the Doctor's companion. Andy Pryor, the casting director,	,	PUNCT	suggested	VERB	 suggested
The exact intentions of the invaders are unknown; it is possible that they may have intended to install Magnús	Magnús	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Professional cyclist and Olympic medalist Davis Phinney, who was diagnosed with young onset Parkinson's at age 40,	,	PUNCT	started	VERB	 started
Although the Chilean government solicited bids from several armament companies, nearly all believed that a British company would win	win	VERB	the	DET	 the
Jack Thompson portrays Cliegg Lars, a moisture farmer who freed and married Shmi, thus becoming the stepfather of	of	ADP	Anakin	PROPN	 Anakin
One Sicilian architect, Tommaso Napoli, a monk, visited Vienna twice early in the century, returning with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
At 32,500 lb, it could take off in 1,385 yards. Its maximum speed was 145 miles per hour	hour	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The site's consensus reads: " Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an innovative and entertaining film that features a	a	DET	groundbreaking	ADJ	 groundbreaking
The stadium replaced Boothferry Park as home to Hull City Association Football Club, and was the backdrop for the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
The United States Joint Typhoon Warning Centre also monitors the basin, and issues warnings on significant tropical cyclones on	on	ADP	behalf	NOUN	 behalf
The acclaimed Time Crisis by Namco, released in Japanese arcades in 1995 and Sony's PlayStation console in 1997	1997	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A notable local dessert that traces its history to the kitchen in the Mysore palace is Mysore pak. Mysore	Mysore	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
On the 6th, that committee was discharged of responsibility for the bill and it was referred instead to the	the	DET	Committee	PROPN	 Committee
The paratroopers became outnumbered and were forced to retreat to defensive positions around their barracks, which was an ad	ad	X	hoc	X	 hoc
Although not released in the UK, the song achieved moderate chart success in the US. Reaching number two	two	NUM	on	ADP	 on
shall be utterly void and null. In 1719, penalties were added, retroactive to violations from 1700:	:	PUNCT	forfeiture	NOUN	 forfeiture
While active in Scientology, Beghe's relationship with Duchovny suffered, and Duchovny was referred to as a "	"	PUNCT	Suppressive	PROPN	 Suppressive
House of Usher seemed unsure of how to cope with the rush of action as Madeline returned from the grave	grave	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The industry reached its peak in the 1980s, with such successful films as Nagabonar (1987) and Catatan	Catatan	PROPN	Si	PROPN	 Si
Bob Sassone of TV Squad admitted in his review that after seeing the promos for " Generalissimo " audibly groaned	groaned	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He then returned to the Segunda Divisão with Gondomar and he made his debut on 31 January 2010 in a	a	DET	2	NUM	 2
The 9th SS had a Panzergrenadier brigade, a reconnaissance battalion, an artillery battalion, two batteries of self	self	NOUN	propelled	VERB	 propelled
Breeding success rates were impacted severely by droughts in New South Wales. The nest is a bowl shaped structure	structure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the Han dynasty under Han Wudi (141 – 87 BCE), the Chinese government united and became	became	VERB	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
She writes, " In New England Nature is an up and down smart, decisive, housemother that has	has	VERB	her	PRON	 her
E. annectens differed from E. regalis by having a longer, lower, less robust skull. Although Brett Surman	Surman	PROPN	regarded	VERB	 regarded
Teams can also shoot each other's ships as friendly fire is activated. The game was displayed at Gamma	Gamma	PROPN	IV	PROPN	 IV
Truman, Margaret (1973). Harry S. Truman. New York: William Morrow. ISBN 978 0	0	NUM	688	NUM	 688
' " During his life, the bulk of the British press treated Albert Victor with nothing but respect and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
By 1920, the Cheka had become the most powerful institution in Soviet Russia, exerting influence over all other	other	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
The bear is often privy to Mr. Bean's various schemes and doubles as a tool or other items in	in	ADP	emergencies	NOUN	 emergencies
After two years of self imposed exile in Lebanon, he returned to Syria where he mostly abandoned political life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the United Kingdom, the song debuted at number 90 on the UK Singles Chart dated October 15,	,	PUNCT	2011	NUM	 2011
It has been debated by biographers and band historians just how involved Clark was in the recording of The Notorious	Notorious	PROPN	Byrd	PROPN	 Byrd
: 441 443 Portia usually needs to inflict up to 15 stabbings to completely immobilise a larger spider (1.5	1.5	NUM	to	PART	 to
Prior to publication, New Era offered to buy out the publication rights to Bare faced Messiah but was rebuffed	rebuffed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It peaked at number three on both the Hot Rock Songs and Alternative Songs music charts, and holds the	the	DET	record	NOUN	 record
Cristina Kirchner, the first elected female president in Argentine history, is a Peronist who has occasionally been referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Smithsonian Institution divides Virginia into nine cultural regions. Besides the general cuisine of the Southern United States,	,	PUNCT	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
All of these species feature darkly amyloid flesh and thick walled cystidia. Based on this analysis, Miller considered	considered	VERB	C.	PROPN	 C.
In 2004, Bell appeared in the Lifetime television film Gracie's Choice, which received one of the network	network	NOUN	's	PART	's
Astronomers use the WHT to conduct scientific research across most branches of observational astronomy, including solar system science,	,	PUNCT	galactic	ADJ	 galactic
She was on her way to a marketing meeting concerning the book, and informed him that they could not	not	PART	use	VERB	 use
A performance of the song from the Virgin Tour was included on the VHS release Madonna Live: The Virgin	Virgin	PROPN	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
That night, a small private funeral and burial were held for Lucy Fryer. On May 11, a	a	DET	grand	ADJ	 grand
Sarah Foot even made a case that Beowulf may have been composed in Æthelstan's circle. Æthelstan's court	court	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Lefebvre's column was forced out of the hamlet by the Austrians, who had four battalions, 1200 horse	horse	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Boston Journal – in April 1917, on the advice of John Koren, Speyer had provided a loan	loan	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
London is the seat of the Government of the United Kingdom. Many government departments are based close to the	the	DET	Palace	PROPN	 Palace
Likewise, Fielding's bailiff misstates Virgil's " dolus an virtus, quis in hoste requirat " (translated	translated	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In England, motte and bailey earthworks were put to various uses over later years; in some cases,	,	PUNCT	mottes	NOUN	 mottes
New York continued to pursue their strategy of signing free agents into the 1980s, but with less success,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These processors are known as scalar processors. The canonical example of a pipelined processor is a RISC processor,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
There, he ran against a 10,000 – man Prussian force commanded by General von Wunsch; the Austrians decisively	decisively	ADV	defeated	VERB	 defeated
This took place on 10 January 1945 shortly after which, in February, Tippett conducted the work at the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Alma was laid down at Lorient on 1 October 1865 and launched on 26 November 1867. The ship began	began	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In China's Geographic Foundations, Cressey focused on describing the 15 geographic regions of China, but he also	also	ADV	devoted	VERB	 devoted
The monarch also has the power to alter British territorial waters and cede territory. Her freedom to do these	these	DET	things	NOUN	 things
Grey, Yang, Karev, and Stevens are all promoted to residents, in the season four premiere,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The origin of this vessel, an abandoned and burning ship's boat laden with highly flammable material, is	is	AUX	uncertain	ADJ	 uncertain
Despite this reorganisation GQG remained dysfunctional with the Second Bureau, described as " perennial optimists " by Horne,	,	PUNCT	again	ADV	 again
Wheeler had been expecting and openly hoping for war with Nazi Germany for a year prior to the outbreak of	of	ADP	hostilities	NOUN	 hostilities
", the album was their most anticipated effort, and as such became the subject of considerable media attention	attention	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Clue Crew has traveled to 280 cities worldwide, spanning all 50 of the United States and 44 other	other	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
The possession by the Turks of the road Nablus – Jisr ed Damie – Es Salt is of great advantage	advantage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Cisneros's biographer Robin Ganz writes that she acknowledges her mother's family name came from a very humble background	background	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
William Hanna was born to William John and Avice Joyce (Denby) Hanna on July 14, 1910 in	in	ADP	Melrose	PROPN	 Melrose
In some areas, fishers can become pests to farmers when they raid chicken coops. There have been a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
A tropical wave emerged off the west coast of Africa on September 16. The system uneventfully crossed the Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A summative view similar to those of Johnson and Regan is that of Robert Crawford, who argues that "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It aired in the United States on the Syfy on September 16, 2007. Filmed in Winnipeg, Manitoba	Manitoba	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As the fleet sailed north, it was met by a dispatch vessel sent by Thomas Matthews, captain of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The show is popular at fan conventions, such as the San Diego hosted Comic Con. Reporter Emma Lee	Lee	PROPN	Moss	PROPN	 Moss
However, Bart's habit of calling adults by their first names and his overall annoying attitude irritates George.	.	PUNCT	Eventually	ADV	 Eventually
Two criminals named Wilson and Robertson took this as an opportunity to escape, and although Wilson did not make	make	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Their marriage was part of Eystein's strategy of building alliances in Eastern Norway. They had a daughter,	,	PUNCT	Maria	PROPN	 Maria
The next day, he collapsed and was rushed into surgery at St. Luke's Hospital to control a severely	severely	ADV	swollen	ADJ	 swollen
However, English was the language in which education was delivered at all stages of education following primary school.	.	PUNCT	Debate	PROPN	 Debate
The two sides began drafting contracts in Jan. 1985 and follow through meetings began on Mar. 16. Jackson's	's	PART	team	NOUN	 team
An archaeological excavation in the early 1990s uncovered evidence of the site having been settled during the late Bronze Age	Age	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Bush responded that some of the candidates had " frightened some candidates ", but at the same time expressed	expressed	VERB	her	PRON	 her
" The album features Raymond Bazemore as narrator; Goodfellow described Bazemore's " occasionally sing song narration " in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
In 2002, much attention has been drawn by the fuzzball model in string theory. Based on calculations for	for	ADP	specific	ADJ	 specific
In addition to his film and television career, Morse has continued to appear on stage. For his performance	performance	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Dulli subsequently took a drive in his car and listened to the album while observing his scenery, a practice	practice	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Although the 2nd Battalion was turned back after encountering strong resistances, the South Koreans managed to capture several Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
This photograph sold at an auction in London in April 2002 for about $13,000. In the liner notes	notes	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Three indirect deaths in the United Kingdom were attributed to the remnants of Gonzalo. The system later contributed to	to	ADP	torrential	ADJ	 torrential
On August 24, Washington replaced Sullivan with Israel Putnam who commanded the troops on Long Island. Putnam arrived	arrived	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Overall, Agnes caused 131 fatalities and over $2.1 billion in damage. An area of disturbed weather appeared	appeared	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After lengthy repairs, the ship supported forces participating in the Guadalcanal Campaign and her aircraft sank the light carrier	carrier	NOUN	Ryūjō	PROPN	 Ryūjō
According to a document filed by one of Vick's attorneys, she used a power of attorney from Vick	Vick	PROPN	to	AUX	 to
The ship's fuel supply was increased from 4,400 long tons (4,500 t) to 4,850 long tons (	(	PUNCT	4,930	NUM	4,930
Church attendance continues on a long, slow, steady decline, according to Church of England statistics. London	London	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
He also joined a five person editorial committee to run The Watch Tower from the December 15, 1916 issue	issue	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Meanwhile, Ann fantasises about the Master, futilely hoping that he will visit. Ann discovers that her predecessor	predecessor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Elizabeth immediately visits their house, coercing an invitation for dinner that night. While at dinner, Elizabeth excuses	excuses	VERB	herself	PRON	 herself
Brisbane himself remained in distant contact with Leissègues for another day before the French squadron sheered away. Brisbane continued	continued	VERB	southwards	NOUN	 southwards
On 9 October he underwent examination for membership in Bologna's Accademia Filarmonica, offering as his test piece the	the	DET	antiphon	NOUN	 antiphon
Because of her background, Reyes considered that these believers may have simply formed a cult, but did not	not	PART	rule	VERB	 rule
Over time, the media in both Australia and the United States began to pay more attention to Diem's	's	PART	autocratic	ADJ	 autocratic
The Book of Taliesyn was the first release by Harvest Records, a new sub label which EMI executives had	had	AUX	devised	VERB	 devised
Military conscription was introduced following a postwar hiatus and, under the careful tutelage of the Soviet advisers, the	the	DET	army	NOUN	 army
Depp said regardless of the original film, Gene Wilder's characterization of Willy Wonka stood out as a unique	unique	ADJ	portrayal	NOUN	 portrayal
" Whaam! adapts a panel by Irv Novick from the " Star Jockey " story from issue No.	.	NOUN	89	NUM	 89
In addition to the single player campaign, players have access to online multiplayer through the game's main menu	menu	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Weidner also provided the mixing of the song. All of its mastering was done at the Metropolis Studios in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
Three days later, Campbell and Henry each scored as Aston Villa were beaten by two goals. Arsenal continued	continued	VERB	their	PRON	 their
According to our present understanding, the electromagnetic field itself is produced by photons, which in turn result from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Despite the lack of success, Worsley still believed treasure was to be found on the island and hoped to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
A bridge was moved from rural Pennsylvania in 1921 to carry the road over the Dead River. The Huron	Huron	PROPN	Mountain	PROPN	 Mountain
In an attempt to reduce the level of car use, park and ride schemes have been introduced, with	with	ADP	sites	NOUN	 sites
After a rigorous training session that made Matthews vomit, his mother, Elizabeth, stood firm and made Jack	Jack	PROPN	realise	VERB	 realise
He finished this spell with 11 appearances for Wrexham, as well as featuring in the 4 – 1 victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
With the mediation of Scipione Piattoli, Potocki and Poniatowski begun to reach a consensus on a more constitutional monarchy	monarchy	NOUN	approach	NOUN	 approach
Located approximately 95 miles (153 km) from the main campus in Wenatchee, it was established in the	the	DET	1970s	NOUN	 1970s
The third stage of the race was a 10.9 km (7 mi) individual time trial at Lusail.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1989, Lasseter's growing animation department, originally composed of just four people (Lasseter, Bill Reeves	Reeves	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One of these towers is known to have been built at St Elmo Point on the Sciberras Peninsula by the	the	DET	Aragonese	PROPN	 Aragonese
Dassault describes the OSF as being immune to jamming and capable of providing covert long range surveillance. In 2012	2012	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
These new coins initially proved popular, though the two cent piece soon faded from circulation. On March 3	3	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The song's beat drew several comparisons to that of Michael Jackson's 1983 single " Billie Jean ".	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson was born in Santa Barbara, California, to Pentecostal pastors Mary Christine (née Perry)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the Third Intermediate Period and the following Late Period (664 – 323 BC), the weakened Egyptian	Egyptian	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
The next few days of testimony were filled with accounts from African American enlisted men from Divisions Two, Four	Four	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
" He helped Rushden to runners up spot in the Conference in 2000, and retained his place in England	England	PROPN	's	PART	's
Louisville, meanwhile, returned to its winning ways. The Cardinals, following their loss to the Mountaineers,	,	PUNCT	won	VERB	 won
The proximity of nesting to human habitation has also left nests open to destruction by children. Although generally a	a	DET	peaceful	ADJ	 peaceful
In 1998 Tierney was named a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great by Pope John Paul II	II	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Nielsen ratings, " New Boss " was watched by 7.95 million overall viewers in its original airing	airing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Windle was appointed the captain of the men's Olympic swimming team, gaining selection for the 100 m and	and	CCONJ	200	NUM	 200
Barrowman recalls his family as loving, but strict and mindful of etiquette: always polite and respectful towards others	others	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Italian style of classical music was probably first brought to Scotland by the Italian cellist and composer Lorenzo Bocchi	Bocchi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After securing the island, the 2 / 12th began work on building Vivigani Airfield on its east coast.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Quarterback Al Hill led the nation in touchdowns with 23, and tackle Bill Fincher kicked 49 extra points.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Quinn and Finn go together for her ultrasound appointment, and they learn that she is expecting a girl.	.	PUNCT	Finn	PROPN	 Finn
Certain gems can be acquired by other means, like reaching the end of a level within a certain time	time	NOUN	parameter	NOUN	 parameter
It was absolutely astounding, and if I had seen it on a cinematograph film I should have sworn that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Drvar reverted to Partisan control within a few weeks of the operation. The operation was a failure, as	as	SCONJ	Tito	PROPN	 Tito
These closed fruitbody species represent a continuum of secotioid to gasteroid, above ground to below ground fruitbodies, with	with	ADP	spores	NOUN	 spores
Into this powder keg came the news that England's Glorious Revolution had taken place; the Catholic King James	James	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
The age distribution was 24.3% under the age of 18, 21.7% from 18 to 24, 30.5	30.5	NUM	%	NOUN	%
In the end, McCain won 173 electoral college votes to Obama's 365; McCain failed to win most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The band's debut single, " Retard Girl ", was issued in April 1990 through the Long Beach	Beach	PROPN	indie	NOUN	 indie
The black patch has a raised edge and appears to be a distinct part of the face. The eyelid	eyelid	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
) The first point of attack was the battery at Cachacrou, where the British garrison, befuddled by drink	drink	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Exceptionally heavy rainfall in November 2012 caused a major break in the Grand Western Canal's banks, near Halberton	Halberton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
All Mesoamerican cultures used Stone Age technology; after c. 1000 AD copper, silver and gold were worked.	.	PUNCT	Mesoamerica	PROPN	 Mesoamerica
Deep convection became very concentric around the 11.5 mile (18.5 km) wide eye, and the hurricane reached	reached	VERB	winds	NOUN	 winds
Zhu Shugui was acting in the name of the dead Yongli Emperor. The Qing then sent the 17 Ming	Ming	PROPN	princes	NOUN	 princes
With the help of his wealthy mother in law, he purchased his first property — a coffee farm —	—	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" The Coens decided early in the writing process to include the picture as a key element in the room	room	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This section of the stream has 579 brook trout per acre (1430 per hectare) that are less than	than	ADP	6.9	NUM	 6.9
In November 1942, he was appointed commander of the US Caribbean Defense Command and remained in this post for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Braathens SAFE later proposed that they could fly directly from Bergen and Ålesund to Bodø and Bardufoss, but Braathens	Braathens	PROPN	SAFE	PROPN	 SAFE
The team's games are regularly broadcast live on HRT. Shortly after becoming manager, Slaven Bilić and his	his	PRON	rock	NOUN	 rock
The museum, created by her great niece Cristina Alvarez Rodriquez, houses many of Eva Perón's clothes,	,	PUNCT	portraits	NOUN	 portraits
Before getting into a van, Rihanna says that the tour was one of her best experiences of her life	life	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Group 89 (Artillery) was equipped with recoilless rifles, medium mortars and heavy machine guns. Local Forces	Forces	PROPN	included	VERB	 included
To serve the seaplanes, a quay was established at Hell. On 1 July 1968, four airports in	in	ADP	Helgeland	PROPN	 Helgeland
Not long after they arrived and started digging in, the gliders of the 6th Airlanding Brigade began landing to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
" However, that was not the case here. In dissent, Justice Gummow recognised that " the focusing	focusing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He spent hours reconnoitring the terrain, sometimes trying to contain and reason with fleeing, routing scores of French	French	ADJ	infantrymen	NOUN	 infantrymen
" The four films were Dream of a Motion Picture Director, The Widow Casey's Return, A Prize	Prize	PROPN	Package	PROPN	 Package
On the January 16, 2012, episode of Raw, Swagger won the United States Championship for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Similarly, Highway 16, the continuation of the highway into Manitoba, is also to be twinned and become	become	VERB	an	DET	 an
In assessing Thorpe's ten years as party leader, Clegg credits him with providing " the driving force that	that	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
A novel based on the series, Gyakuten Saiban: Turnabout Idol, is planned to be released in 2016	2016	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Anne had explained before that she did not wish the public to know that her relationship with Sarah was failing	failing	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
After lunch on day four, with England on 3 / 191, the light was poor with clouds gathering	gathering	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As the Muslim forces were geographically divided, Heraclius sought to exploit this situation and planned to attack. He	He	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Three months later, on September 19, Osan would be the location where the U.S. and U.N. forces under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
" He married Esther M. Freck, his high school sweetheart and the younger sister of a childhood friend,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Recording sessions occurred at The Record Plant and Chartmarker Studios in Los Angeles, California in the same year.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
They conspired to eliminate Lombardo, a task they assigned to hitmen Frank " Tight Lips " and Peter Gusenberg	Gusenberg	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Dr. Nick Riviera is voiced by Hank Azaria, who used a " bad Ricky Ricardo " impression. The	The	DET	animators	NOUN	 animators
Back in the Americas, Hirsh tried to promote the unfinished feature before its deadline; unable to get available	available	ADJ	footage	NOUN	 footage
The Haridasa movement of the sixteenth century contributed significantly to the development of Karnataka (Carnatic) music as a	a	DET	performing	VERB	 performing
After a short time living back with his parents in Acton, Friday's family secured him a housing association	association	NOUN	flat	ADJ	 flat
After subtracting the signals of the previously known Gliese 581 planets, b, c, d and e,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Upon entering Northeast Philadelphia, the route follows Red Lion Road and U.S. Route 1 (US 1) before	before	ADP	heading	VERB	 heading
Buses are generally favoured for commuting short to medium distances, while train fares are more economical for longer distance	distance	NOUN	commutes	NOUN	 commutes
Purebred rough collie Lad and his owners, Stephen (Peter Breck) and Elizabeth Tremayne (Peggy McCay)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
This would require them to invest NOK 20 million in an event administration, which would increase event revenue,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
During the 1880s the armament of Fusō was augmented several times. In June 1883 seven quadruple barreled 25.4 millimeter	millimeter	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
A two chamber parliament in Palermo and in Naples was formed. The formation of the parliament brought the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
B cells are involved in the humoral immune response, whereas T cells are involved in cell mediated immune response	response	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She admitted that she was the author at her divorce trial in 1942. She explained that it was written	written	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Barnett, Louise (2006). Touched by fire: the life, death, and mythic afterlife of	of	ADP	George	PROPN	 George
A large portion of Oldham's residences are " low value " Victorian era Accrington red brick terraced houses in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Relieved as flagship of the 7th Fleet on 1 April by sister ship Iowa, Wisconsin departed Yokosuka, bound	bound	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" This statement had been accepted as a recantation by Cardinal Hamer in December 1985. After learning of the	the	DET	Vatican	PROPN	 Vatican
The original route to join the Trent has been severed by the building of the A52 road. A route	route	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
NY 35 exited Rochester on Blossom Road and followed it east to modern NY 286. The remainder of Browncroft	Browncroft	PROPN	Boulevard	PROPN	 Boulevard
Despite his lack of interest in the job, Ron occasionally demonstrates he is a good manager who recognizes the	the	DET	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
His grandmother had been married there and his mother was born there. In 1971, the family moved to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1927, Prokofiev made his first concert tour in the Soviet Union. Over the course of more than	than	ADP	two	NUM	 two
According to reports from New Scientist, Dugway was still producing small quantities of anthrax as late as 1998,	,	PUNCT	30	NUM	 30
ISBN 0 89672 266 X Words and Life. edited by James F. Conant. Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard	Harvard	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
The episode received a similar response in international markets. It premiered in 122 countries in thirty five languages,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Those on the most popular routes, such as the Goûter Hut, now require all climbers to pre book	book	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2006, there were more than 500 radio stations in Oklahoma broadcasting with various local or nationally owned networks	networks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
IABC hosts networking events and mentoring programs to help recent graduates connect with working public relations, marketing and corporate	corporate	ADJ	communications	NOUN	 communications
A chain link fence in front of Selena's house became a shrine festooned with mementoes as fans from across	across	ADP	America	PROPN	 America
Yet again, it's tempting for the viewer to urge Marge on and get the hell away from the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
The powerful storm soon struck Granma Province, Cuba, as a Category 4 early on July 8; violent	violent	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
Ralphie runs at all home football games, as well as bowl games, and conference championship games. Over	Over	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1975, he switched to Columbia Records, where he recorded the critically acclaimed album, Red Headed Stranger	Stranger	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Like most politicians of his time, Harding accepted that patronage and graft would be used to repay political favors	favors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The conductor Vernon Handley, long associated with Bax's music, commented that the composer's influences include Rachmaninoff	Rachmaninoff	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Australia played Pakistan at Karachi in the first Test between the two countries on a matting pitch, rather than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
We have entertained people who just love football. " In May, successive draws at home to Birmingham City	City	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It can reach lengths of up to 1.5 meters (5 ft) and can weigh up to 18 kilograms	kilograms	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
A 2008 – 2010 study of 84 red foxes in the Czech Republic and Germany found that successful hunting in	in	ADP	long	ADJ	 long
In her travelogues of Portland, Rachel Dresbeck noted the coffeehouse's uniqueness and recommended the mocha fudge cake and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" The release date kept getting missed and pushed back to where Jordan Schur, then president of Geffen Records	Records	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He approached several leaders of democratic Central American countries, but was rejected by all except Castañeda Castro, the	the	DET	president	NOUN	 president
Although A Moral Reckoning was favorably reviewed in The Spectator, Kirkus Reviews, The San Francisco Chronicle, and	and	CCONJ	given	VERB	 given
Bure's addition to the Canucks lineup bolstered a core that featured Linden and goaltender Kirk McLean, a Vezina	Vezina	PROPN	Trophy	PROPN	 Trophy
Near the end of the match, Orton attempted to RKO Cena. Cena, however, pushed Orton into	into	ADP	Edge	PROPN	 Edge
In September 2013, Turkey became a member of the Asia Cooperation Dialogue (ACD). In line with	with	ADP	its	PRON	 its
It was decided to build the station underground due to local opposition to the disturbances, loss of property value	value	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the fourteenth century, when views of the necessity of sleeping together for the common life changed, the	the	DET	dormitory	NOUN	 dormitory
Although it has become more difficult to observe bears in recent years, the number of human injuries and deaths	deaths	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Tikal and Calakmul both developed extensive systems of allies and vassals; lesser cities that entered one of these networks	networks	NOUN	gained	VERB	 gained
In the Encyclopedia of Contemporary Christian Music, Mark Allan Powell considered " Happy Little Love Song " as being	being	AUX	a	DET	 a
" GameSpy praised the minigames and card battles. RPGamer praised the amount of minigames and called the card battling	battling	VERB	system	NOUN	 system
This led to the very unusual situation where the armor belt thickened toward the bow to compensate for the narrowing	narrowing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Battle of Tassafaronga followed. Throughout June, July and August 1943, Drayton escorted Australian troop carriers from	from	ADP	Townsville	PROPN	 Townsville
Hawkins made his highly anticipated debut for the Geelong seniors in Round 2 of the 2007 season against Carlton.	.	PUNCT	Opposed	VERB	 Opposed
The show is developed to give a " timeless " feel, limiting the world's technology to simpler devices	devices	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Cole performed the single at the BET special An Evening of Stars: Tribute to Aretha Franklin along with her	her	PRON	arrangement	NOUN	 arrangement
In March 1957, the Air Force added additional funding, and the aircraft became Weapons System 606A. A wide	wide	ADJ	variety	NOUN	 variety
Meyerbeer first mentions Robert le diable in his diaries in February 1827. The Journal de Paris announced on 19	19	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
If the legislation is signed into law by the governor, subsequent appeals would require the introduction of new evidence	evidence	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In March 2010, Xenophon's call for an inquiry was " overwhelmingly rejected " by the Australian Senate,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Mexican immigrants have settled in Saint Paul's West Side since the 1930s, and have grown enough that Mexico	Mexico	PROPN	opened	VERB	 opened
Ziggler's first World Championship reign lasted only 11 minutes and 23 seconds. After the match, Long fired	fired	VERB	Ziggler	PROPN	 Ziggler
It was later abandoned because of mining subsidence and Westleigh Old Hall became the manor by repute. The Ranicars	Ranicars	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She later went to a military boarding school in the Boston quarantine zone, where she befriended Riley Abel,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Princess Peach invites Mario to share some cake at the Star Festival, a time when Star Bits rain down	down	ADP	from	ADP	 from
In January 1932 he premiered it in Vienna to instant acclaim, and performed it in Paris with Ravel conducting	conducting	VERB	the	DET	 the
He scored on his first team debut two days later, a 3 – 2 win over Bangor. He	He	PRON	went	VERB	 went
On 14 December 1771, new letters patent were given to Guillaume and his partners, replacing the earlier ones	ones	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It covers approximately 5 hectares (12 acres) and is bounded by Bower and Military roads, the Point	Point	PROPN	Malcolm	PROPN	 Malcolm
Sussman began development on a script that saw the USS Defiant from " The Tholian Web " being brought back	back	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Because his voice is noticeably different from Ueda's, Lang tries to create his own interpretation of Sanosuke's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
As trans Atlantic demand for Welsh cloth grew, growing numbers of people in the rural areas of Montgomeryshire and	and	CCONJ	Merionethshire	PROPN	 Merionethshire
" For a month and a half before shooting started, the actors who portrayed apes attended " ape school	school	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Instructed by Mackay to head for the white smoke of the bush fire, in error the APCs then set	set	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Several titles in the Mystery Dungeon series were popular, and would become a staple of the Japanese video game	game	NOUN	market	NOUN	 market
Casemate Publishers. ISBN 978 1 84415 256 8. Hakim, Joy (1995). A History Of	Of	ADP	Us	NOUN	 Us
His dam was Della P, a daughter of the Thoroughbred stallion Doc Horn. His second dam, or	or	CCONJ	maternal	ADJ	 maternal
The contract to refurbish the building was won by John Holland Group, the construction company of Janet Holmes à	à	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
Originally intended to have only one line, the filmmakers were impressed with Pierce's performance and expanded the character	character	NOUN	's	PART	's
" When editing The Simpsons Movie, several scenes were changed or otherwise toned down to make Homer more sympathetic	sympathetic	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Upon suspicion that someone entering the county was a union organizer, Chafin's deputies would either force him to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
The airport manager at Mangalore, Peter Abraham confirmed that there were difficulties when trying to reach the plane.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Further, Allen had served as general counsel for Aaron Burr, and several anonymous letters to the state's	's	PART	newspapers	NOUN	 newspapers
Both his artistic and philosophical training under Zhang would have a profound effect over Hergé. Hergé had also gotten	gotten	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Simpson then moved to the two man Star class, partnering lifelong friend Percy; they won a bronze medal	medal	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Hendrix and Cox back Miles ' vocal sections with parallel funk style lines, before a guitar solo using Hendrix	Hendrix	NOUN	's	PART	's
Early on September 15, the JTWC reported that Typhoon Choi wan had intensified further and had become a Category	Category	NOUN	4	NUM	 4
Released in 2002, it is the fourth installment in the Clock Tower series, and the first and only	only	ADJ	video	NOUN	 video
The eighth named storm of the season, Honorinina formed on March 9 to the south of Diego Garcia.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Within 15 minutes, both Centurion and Marengo had their colours shot away and at 10: 45 the ship	ship	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These findings were reflected in the work of a new generation of paleoartists. One milestone was Sarah Landry's	's	PART	feathered	VERB	 feathered
After protecting his family, he returns to Tokyo to rescue Kaoru with his friends. After a successful rescue	rescue	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His convictions were also overturned on appeal on similar grounds. Arthur L. Liman served as chief counsel for the	the	DET	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
" Wilson's official total of 56 stood as the NL record until the 1998 season, when it was	was	AUX	broken	VERB	 broken
The gondola was a very popular attraction, and Harvey often promoted Monte Ne as: " the only place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Johnson then signed onto the Ultimate Fighting Championship circuit to appear on The Ultimate Fighter: Team GSP vs. Team	Team	PROPN	Koscheck	PROPN	 Koscheck
In May 2014, the inaugural Milutin Bojić Prize was awarded to a student from Čačak by the Milutin Bojić	Bojić	PROPN	Library	PROPN	 Library
One unusual phenomenon that grew in intensity was music; in peaceful sectors, it was not uncommon for units	units	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It features heavy synthesizers, orchestral sounds and electronic rhythms accompanied with Rihanna's vocal performance. Rolling Stone magazine	magazine	NOUN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The magistrate Thomas de Veil, later to found Bow Street Magistrates ' Court, lived at No 40 between	between	ADP	1729	NUM	 1729
Osman Hill is remembered as a " distinguished anatomist ", " eminent primatologist ", and the foremost authority	authority	NOUN	on	AUX	 on
" Big Bang continues to be a prominent face of South Korea when it comes to tourism. Their popularity	popularity	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
During its early years, the airport aimed to establish a comprehensive set of connections to towns across the country	country	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the first generation games and their remakes, the player can find journal entries in the Pokémon Mansion on	on	ADP	Cinnabar	PROPN	 Cinnabar
It highlighted the proposed text of the Alaska Mental Health Bill, calling it " one that tops all of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The heavy rain in Maharashtra disrupted road transport in many areas, especially in the east of the state.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
For you have had the toughest job. To put away a ship that has become as much a part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was unanimously named the NL Rookie of the Year after setting an NL rookie record with 130 RBIs (	(	PUNCT	fifth	ADJ	fifth
Game Capture HD, which connects to gaming consoles to record gameplay, was introduced in 2012. It was	was	AUX	created	VERB	 created
The Mounties had a reputation for running these posts honestly, although accusations were made that they took bribes.	.	PUNCT	Prospectors	NOUN	 Prospectors
At 18 years and six months, he became the youngest player in Canadian history to play at the tournament	tournament	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Clarke was in post from 1898 to 1905, reporting directly to Alfred Milner, the High Commissioner for Southern	Southern	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
At an intersection with West Avenue, BL I 94 merges with Business U.S. Highway 127 (Bus. US	US	PROPN	127	NUM	 127
Despite initial reluctance to help him, Jenna eventually agrees to coach Tracy in the principles of acting, but	but	CCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Other top recruits included a top ten rated dual threat quarterback (Tate Forcier – Rivals # 6) to	to	PART	run	VERB	 run
The Council is designed under the model of a mainstream Local Government Authority which structurally does not provide the latitude	latitude	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Although the 757 was not originally intended for transoceanic flights, regulators based their decision on its reliable performance record	record	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" She continued: " We want to make it authentic so I think it's very likely we'll	'll	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Marcantonio opposed restrictions on communists and the Communist Party, stating that such restrictions violated the Bill of Rights.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The song " Mohe Panghat Pe " was objected to by veteran director Vijay Bhatt. Although he was not	not	PART	directly	ADV	 directly
In the 21st century, the high price of nickel has led to some replacement of the metal in coins	coins	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
The jersey was later found at the Pittsburgh International Airport between a piece of equipment and a stairwell. Crosby	Crosby	PROPN	's	PART	's
During the match between The Undertaker and Yokozuna at Survivor Series 1994, Irwin R. Schyster, one of DiBiase	DiBiase	PROPN	's	PART	's
Also two small countries achieved this mark in 2014, Iceland (2.71%) and Estonia (1.57%	%	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Just before the game ended a double pass, Bill Cloke to captain Clarence Stone, carried to ball over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 28 November, she asked for the last rites, and the next day, at about nine o	o	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
During the battle over Rabanastre at the end of the game, Vayne commands the Sky Fortress Bahamut, and	and	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
On January 3, 1908, Leach wrote to Hering to inform him that all work would be done by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In July 1943, they were sent to Port Moresby, New Guinea, where they once again filled the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
As a result, the dividend paid in 1898 was 1,100 fr per 500 fr share. These profits were	were	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Kavner's emotional performance in the movie got positive reviews and one critic said she " gave what must be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
When questioned by Tommy Gorman about his issue, Gardiner lied to Gorman and insisted it was only a minor	minor	ADJ	headache	NOUN	 headache
Thus the Labour Party, which in 1936 shunned the march, later adopted it as " a badge of	of	ADP	credibility	NOUN	 credibility
Dulles became ill in late 1958 and was replaced by Christian Herter, after which Uanna was posted overseas to	to	ADP	Addis	PROPN	 Addis
The column camped on the south bank of the Shangani River about 25 miles (40 km) north east	east	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Scotland was already one of the most urbanised societies in Europe by 1800. The industrial belt ran across the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Stephen Holden of The New York Times believed that " Much of the dialogue is so quirky it sounds overheard	overheard	ADJ	instead	ADV	 instead
At the same time, his supporters, who along with the urban mob included a sizeable group of Georgian	Georgian	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Rob Nelson of Variety also praised Panabaker and Yoo's performances. In contrast to the film's detractors,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Carpenter appeared as himself in the second half of the fourth season of Oz. He plays a contestant in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Vandegrift, therefore, decided to conduct another series of small unit operations around the Matanikau Valley. The purpose	purpose	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Go Nagai, who pioneered the idea of mecha piloted from an interior cockpit, praised the film's fun	fun	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Nonetheless, on the facts of the case, their Lordships agreed that they could not review the Minister's	's	PART	decision	NOUN	 decision
There are also two rural highways that spur off Great Eastern Highway. Great Southern Highway begins near Perth's	's	PART	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
Semiotician Umberto Eco argues that Dürer's " scales and imbricated plates " became a necessary element of depicting the	the	DET	animal	NOUN	 animal
The pine bunting and yellowhammer are so closely related that each responds to the other's song. The male	male	ADJ	yellowhammer	PROPN	 yellowhammer
The horses are fed a natural diet, dewormed with a mixture of garlic and clay, treated using a	a	DET	combination	NOUN	 combination
Released on October 19, 2010, the album was the band's first after guitarist Brad Avery left Third	Third	PROPN	Day	PROPN	 Day
Meinertzhagen and Raphael later insisted that the gathering was just a rational discussion between concerned friends, keen to share	share	VERB	anything	PRON	 anything
It was controversial in the Croatian media, but was generally brushed aside as an aberration from a series of	of	ADP	successes	NOUN	 successes
His work encompassed an extensive research on how the drug industry influences local leaders and the police in the Mexican	Mexican	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
Other charter members (all seniors) were G. A. Hendrie, C. A. Adamson, S. J. Hargrove,	,	PUNCT	J.	PROPN	 J.
City scored twice, the first by Elano, who also hit the woodwork on two occasions with free kicks	kicks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The flat landscape gives way to gentle ranges, which the highway meanders around as it heads west north west	west	ADV	for	ADP	 for
This marks the first time the Seoul Metropolitan Government has granted permission to blocked traffic along the Plaza for filming	filming	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Many of Weber's works famous today were collected, revised and published posthumously. Significant interpretations of his writings	writings	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" This building was later renamed " Langford Villa " and was recognized as Grade II listed on 23 August	August	PROPN	1985	NUM	 1985
He spent the winter in Prince William Sound, his ship trapped by ice and his men dying of scurvy	scurvy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Its main instrument, SIGMA, was capable of imaging both hard X ray and soft gamma ray sources.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" The band played shows along the East Coast in December 1969, attempting to kick start the record onto	onto	ADP	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
Astronauts would continue to use the CSM as a ferry to the station. This study was followed by design	design	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In direct sunlight, the spacecraft could be heated to over 200° C (392° F) while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In June 2010, the New York Times reported that American geologists were conducting ground surveys on dry salt lakes	lakes	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Close Encounters of the Third Kind was selected as the # 5 Best Sci Fi Film. In the 2012	2012	NUM	Deadmau5	PROPN	 Deadmau5
The island's owner runs occasional boat trips there on weekends. In 1890, a lighthouse was built at	at	ADP	Stroma	PROPN	 Stroma
After moving inland, MFR stopped monitoring the system, though the JTWC kept tracking Feliska for another 24 hours	hours	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
In 1097, the Byzantine Army numbered around 70,000 men altogether. By the closing years of the 1180 era	era	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Björk felt house music was " the only pop music that [was] truly modern, " stating in	in	ADP	1993	NUM	 1993
It was suspected that it was canceled due to extremely poor ticket sales, feuding between Gaga and West's	's	PART	management	NOUN	 management
Another death was reported in the United States Virgin Islands. Torrential rainfall on Puerto Rico inflicted heavy damage,	,	PUNCT	totaling	VERB	 totaling
It was first released on April 21, 2003, by Maverick Records and Warner Bros. Records. The album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When Lashley and Kennedy finally entered the ring, Kennedy attempted many submission holds to no avail, but he	he	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
While his carpet is being replaced, he uses Jim Halpert's desk, forcing Jim to move away from	from	ADP	Pam	PROPN	 Pam
Billboard magazine called it " an aesthetic mix of music and philosophy... chock full of mysticism, creativity,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
All – from Lenin to Lloyd George, from Pravda to Morning Star – considered him a military and political	political	ADJ	failure	NOUN	 failure
But he described the church as " a weather beaten building... mouldering away by the fury of the elements	elements	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Built around a cast of the model Laura Morgan's torso, the garment had a 15 inch waist and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The next year, Brodeur topped the 40 win mark for the third time in his career, despite having	having	VERB	an	DET	 an
A shipboard inspection during this time found her hull was rotten with shipworm and on 23 May 1788 she was	was	AUX	careened	VERB	 careened
Most of the French cavalry were driven off by a charge of the 13th Light Dragoons; however, the	the	DET	pursuit	NOUN	 pursuit
Several days later, Senate Republicans said they might try to put a procedural hold on her nomination because of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
It was declared obsolete by the U.S. Army in 1958. United States – United States Army, U.S. Marine	Marine	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
It intersects Friendship Road / Sansbury Road at a roundabout, which connects to MD 261, before intersecting MD	MD	PROPN	778	NUM	 778
The state received record rainfall, with 14.76 in (37.5 cm) falling on the southern slopes of Mount	Mount	PROPN	San	PROPN	 San
Writers who first appeared in the pages of these magazines include Neil R. Jones, Ed Earl Repp, Raymond	Raymond	PROPN	Z.	PROPN	 Z.
Since American kestrels are carnivores, toxic chemical runoff ingested by their prey can concentrate at high levels in their	their	PRON	blood	NOUN	 blood
Balmer was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the King's Birthday Honours on 11	11	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
Early in its duration, Ingrid produced tropical storm force winds along the coast of Veracruz. While making landfall	landfall	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The museums in Odense are mainly governed by the Odense City Museums, a department of the municipal government.	.	PUNCT	Funen	PROPN	 Funen
The album also gave her first appearance on the Guinness Book of World Records. On March 6, 1986	1986	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A show spokesperson said: " We can confirm that Ricky will be leaving EastEnders. We wish him all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
She was ranked as the ninth best looking game girl by GameHall's Portal PlayGame in 2014, in particular	particular	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
London is the largest city in Western Europe; it requires an enormous tonnage of supplies each day and Hertfordshire	Hertfordshire	PROPN	grew	VERB	 grew
In it, Mario must chase Donkey Kong to get back the stolen Mini Mario toys. In the follow	follow	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
Other writers have since accepted Kunitzsch's explanation. The last part of the name, " -elgeuse ",	,	PUNCT	comes	VERB	 comes
This principle distilled the essence of Einstein's objection to quantum mechanics. As a physical principle, it was	was	AUX	shown	VERB	 shown
The game's development was made more simple by the use of the same game engine to that of its	its	PRON	predecessor	NOUN	 predecessor
Allan said Rae was one of her favourite additions to the cast in 2009 and expressed her pride in Barlow	Barlow	PROPN	's	PART	's
" A law that has received royal assent will be published in the State Magazine, with the original being	being	NOUN	kept	VERB	 kept
At the same time, A & M began expanding its academic pursuits with the establishment of the School of	of	ADP	Veterinary	PROPN	 Veterinary
There should be plain and stern law against it. It is practically an analogue of military desertion... [	[	X	I	X	I
Apart from his deformities and the lameness in his hip, Treves concluded that Merrick appeared to be in good	good	ADJ	general	ADJ	 general
Kepler 9 was one of the multiplanetary systems; it was identified as such when scientists noticed significant variations in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
There is a scene in the film The Bridge by Brett Hanover, where two young women looking for a	a	DET	laugh	NOUN	 laugh
Early in the Convention he made a speech proposing a President for Life; it had no effect upon the	the	DET	deliberations	NOUN	 deliberations
Kane does not drink alcohol or go to nightclubs, preferring to use his free time to play golf.	.	PUNCT	Ahead	ADV	 Ahead
Bean and Sutcliffe's separation was announced on 6 August 2010, and the divorce was finalised on 21 December	December	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
Kepler planned to test his theory from Mysterium Cosmographicum based on the Mars data, but he estimated that the	the	DET	work	NOUN	 work
After receiving a red card, Friday left the ground with the game still going on; according to legend	legend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A diagnosis of asthma should be suspected if there is a history of recurrent wheezing, coughing or difficulty breathing	breathing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A four man team under Eckman was sent to investigate a suspiciously devastating V 2 explosion near Antwerp, and	and	CCONJ	Fred	PROPN	 Fred
The church floodlighting is supported by funds from the National Lottery church floodlighting trust There is a lowered sill on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
These images are obscured by distorted purple text comprising the names of songs planned for the record that were provided	provided	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The coastal flooding damaged or destroyed hundreds of homes and businesses and closed roads and airports. In addition,	,	PUNCT	high	ADJ	 high
However, this time Amalthea was on the other side of the planet, so it is probable that the	the	DET	particles	NOUN	 particles
Evidence of worsening kidney damage would normally prompt a kidney biopsy. Treatment may be indicated on the basis of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Many more gene sequences are known than protein structures. Further, the set of solved structures is biased toward	toward	ADP	proteins	NOUN	 proteins
Some people form suicide pacts online, either with pre existing friends or people they have recently encountered in chat	chat	NOUN	rooms	NOUN	 rooms
The + 3 state should be important, again due to the destabilized 7p3 / 2 electrons. The +	+	SYM	5	NUM	 5
More traditional industries include agriculture, employing one out of seven Ohioans, and new and developing sectors include bioscience	bioscience	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the same time, Khan also made use of illusory camera tricks. For example, the opening scene	scene	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" A writer for Capital FM called it a " very cinematic video ". The video opens in a	a	DET	deserted	VERB	 deserted
games. In 2004, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (PlayStation 2) introduced camouflage to the	the	DET	genre	NOUN	 genre
The ten NASA field centers are: John F. Kennedy Space Center, Florida Ames Research Center, Moffett Field	Field	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The term post black now refers to art where race and racism are prominent, but where the importance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cumulative registrations through December 2014 reached 5,334 units, including 2,589 i MiEVs, 1,352 C Zeros, and 1,393	1,393	NUM	iOns	PROPN	 iOns
Once the Austrian main army united with its left wing, under Nauendorf, and its far left, under	under	ADP	Hotze	PROPN	 Hotze
Composed by Harry Gregson Williams, the score for X Men Origins: Wolverine was mixed by Malcolm Luker,	,	PUNCT	engineered	VERB	 engineered
The horns of Swayne's hartebeest are thin and shaped like parentheses, curving upward and then backward. The	The	DET	horns	NOUN	 horns
Later this will become an extreme helium star before cooling to become a white dwarf. While RR Telescopii,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
They spent several days trying to recover cattle, retrieve the wagons left in the desert, and transfer their	their	PRON	food	NOUN	 food
White and his wife had at large family, with at least six children: Robert Norvell White, married	married	VERB	Matilda	PROPN	 Matilda
In the story, Heihachi Mishima has developed a rejuvenation serum, which, as it name suggests, has	has	VERB	the	DET	 the
The stadium also incorporates the Veterans Tribute, a memorial dedicated to Minnesota veterans, located in the open end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In line with this, the game has no cut scenes, and the player rarely loses the ability to	to	PART	control	VERB	 control
The wildlife sanctuary is part of Project Tiger and Project Elephant conservation programmes run by the Government of India.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Initially, the Saviem name was added besides the existing badges of the three forming companies but, from 1957	1957	NUM	onwards	NOUN	 onwards
A year later, Johnson wrote Life of Mr Richard Savage (1744), a " moving " work	work	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The royal ancestral spirits that possess tromba mediums are almost always of Sakalava ancestry. It is widely believed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The two extra days Hamelin had spent rounding Isle de France saw activity from the British forces remaining at Grand	Grand	PROPN	Port	PROPN	 Port
Lucas's expeditionary force sailed from the Texel on 23 February 1796, intending to pass through the North Sea	Sea	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Other reviews were more critical. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe:	:	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The approval also included complementary extensions of the Piccadilly tube from its western terminus at Hammersmith to supplement District Railway	Railway	PROPN	services	NOUN	 services
Arising from these criteria, approximately 60 percent of the medals earned during and after World War II have been	been	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
On Wednesday, September 12, the report of the " committee of style " was ordered printed for the	the	DET	convenience	NOUN	 convenience
MI5 — the British Security Service — and the Spanish authorities became aware that an IRA active service unit was	was	AUX	operating	VERB	 operating
Only on the first day did England provide comparable opposition, and their Selectors must have been very disappointed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In particular, he had a significant role in Rickey's top secret search for suitable ballplayers to break the	the	DET	color	NOUN	 color
On 27 September, Hessen was assigned to guard duties in the Baltic, where she replaced the older battleship	battleship	NOUN	Lothringen	PROPN	 Lothringen
The next night on Raw, a furious Mick Foley confronted Punk for refusing to pick John Cena as his	his	PRON	Hell	PROPN	 Hell
Rejecting the RCLCF's proposal that the remastered episodes be edited to digitally erase all visible cigarettes and cigars,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bolden had been sentenced to death in 1991 for the 1986 murder of Henry Michael Pederson, whom Bolden allegedly	allegedly	ADV	picked	VERB	 picked
The main works of the first period are the first four symphonies, the Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen song cycle	cycle	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He thus accepts " conceptual relativity " – the view that it may be a matter of choice or convention	convention	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Directed by Hal Kanter, the cast is completed by Lizabeth Scott, Wendell Corey, and Dolores Hart in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Her keel was laid down on 12 April 1920 by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company of Newport News	News	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Time Out New York's Joshua Rothkopf called Craig " the best Bond in the franchise's history,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In a review for The Providence Journal, Andy Smith remarked that the author was " a master of atmosphere	atmosphere	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" It's both fascinating and repelling. " Stephen Zeitchik of the Los Angeles Times called it " one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
As the storm strengthened, the watch was replaced with a tropical storm warning, and about 15 hours prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
M 95 comes to an end north of a railroad crossing at an intersection with US 41 / M 28	28	NUM	named	VERB	 named
The Minister of Health who was in power at that time wrote a letter complimenting us for the way that	that	PRON	we	PRON	 we
In the United States, internationalism came to be associated with communism. In the post Cold War era,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
At the end of the 1885 season, Buffalo was going through financial trouble and were forced to sell off	off	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Auden left Oxford in 1928 with a third class degree. Auden was reintroduced to Christopher Isherwood in 1925 by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He spent 18 months teaching in a Preparatory School before joining the British Army. Walker married Victoria ("	"	PUNCT	Tor	PROPN	 Tor
Rabin and Gordon later co wrote a 2010 paper with additional authors in Neuroscience Letters and expanded on research incorporating	incorporating	VERB	use	NOUN	 use
The head is large and triangular, while the neck is greatly narrowed: almost one third the width of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nonetheless, the storm peaked with winds of 45 mph (75 km / h) on August 16.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Ultimately, the air force decided against the 777, and selected instead the Boeing 747 8 to be the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The games also won awards from several gaming publications. In March 2014, Bandai Namco reported that the series	series	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
When first discovered, Sedna was thought to have an unusually long rotational period (20 to 50 days)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The lock keeper's cottage is also grade II listed. It was built in the 1850s, but was	was	AUX	moved	VERB	 moved
Browne and his club mates raced on Saturdays and trained on Sundays. Browne had his first success at a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Mahesh Babu as Gautham Kriti Sanon as Sameera Gautham Krishna as Young Gautham Anu Hasan as Kalyani, Gautham's	's	PART	mother	NOUN	 mother
One French captain described a chief forcing upwards of 150 girls and young women on his crew of 80.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
In 2011, Johnson had his second best statistical season of his NFL career, reaching a career high 1,681	1,681	NUM	receiving	VERB	 receiving
The latter was hardly a punk song by any stretch, but it was perhaps the first song about punk	punk	NOUN	rock	NOUN	 rock
The stadium hosted the final on three previous occasions; twice in the past two seasons and for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The film completed a fifty day run on 17 June 2006, in nearly 300 centres and had earned US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
Such flow velocity patterns mean that the zonal winds decrease in belts and increase in zones from the equator to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Those that survived the raids in good repair are often sub divided into offices or apartments, their Baroque interiors	interiors	NOUN	dismantled	VERB	 dismantled
Bahá ' ís believe that the prophecy that Maitreya will usher in a new society of tolerance and love has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In June, Bradburn joined Perry at his headquarters, a bluff along the Trinity River which became known as	as	ADP	Perry	PROPN	 Perry
A confusion in aiming of the observed size, 7%, for a rocket propelled grenade travelling 70 metres	metres	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Take a Bow " was offered for use in the episode at a reduced licensing rate, something which	which	PRON	surprised	VERB	 surprised
Geddes praised Trouble in Paradise's cooperative features, but found local cooperative to lose most of the benefits of	of	ADP	efficient	ADJ	 efficient
Female Branchiura do not carry eggs in external ovisacs but attach them in rows to rocks and other objects.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
He completed his posting to Vietnam in November 1968 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his performance as	as	ADP	commanding	VERB	 commanding
Mark " Exit " Goodchild recorded the song at Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, while Jacob Dennis served as	as	ADP	recording	VERB	 recording
Some have been used for vaulting, dressage, show jumping and three day eventing. The Mérens is now	now	ADV	considered	VERB	 considered
A decision will be taken in 2014 on the extent to which Britain will adopt the Block III upgrades of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Trade between the two countries increased, as Jämtland had easy access to the Trøndelag market. However, the	the	DET	freight	NOUN	 freight
In early 2004, Lopez was sent home from Canada after more anxiety attacks on tour. Opeth decided against	against	ADP	cancelling	VERB	 cancelling
In Italy, however, he was attributed geometric patterns (argent a bend gules per Loomis 1938, 59	59	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
That decrease is enough to compensate for the increased potential energy associated with lifting the fluid near the walls of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The element, called Task Force Olympia, deployed to Mosul, Iraq in January 2004, where it assumed	assumed	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Reaching a vault is always possible with enough skill; the game forces players to escape their own traps before	before	SCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
While filming horror scenes, he tried to create a suspenseful mood by clearing the set of only the essential	essential	ADJ	cast	NOUN	 cast
Important passes through the Absarokas include Sylvan Pass, which leads to the eastern entrance of Yellowstone National Park;	;	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Atlantis delivered Cosmonauts Anatoly Solovyev and Nikolai Budarin, who would form the expedition EO 19 crew, and retrieved	retrieved	VERB	Astronaut	PROPN	 Astronaut
In 1931, in a Central Committee (CC) resolution, it was decided that increased investments coupled with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
This purchase will allow for expansion of the medical sciences and athletics areas, as well as new laboratories.	.	PUNCT	Unicamp	PROPN	 Unicamp
From Mt. Pleasant to Midland, M 20 is designed as a four – lane highway with a continuous center	center	NOUN	turn	VERB	 turn
The only women that had attended Georgia Tech did so through the School of Commerce. After it was removed	removed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" They join the four military units that had been awarded the Congressional Gold Medal prior to them. These	These	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The " Line Training " mode enables the player to try out any of the tracks and improve their driving	driving	VERB	techniques	NOUN	 techniques
After two years of the Sounds lobbying for the new park and threatening to leave town (either for the	the	DET	suburbs	NOUN	 suburbs
He signed Abdoulaye Faye, Kevin Nolan, Joey O'Brien and Matt Taylor. Faye, Nolan and O'Brien had	had	AUX	all	ADV	 all
The 1965 issue contained an article entitled " The Nudity Cult " and de emphasized the travelogue like writing of	of	ADP	previous	ADJ	 previous
After that, they speak to Greg, who tells them that Alina constantly talks about how she and her	her	PRON	husband	NOUN	 husband
After mediation offered by Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy at the time, Moreno was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
In late August, following the conclusion of hostilities the 2 / 3rd was concentrated at Wewak Point, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The few of us who knew him and loved him well, always keep him in our hearts, but	but	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
After treatment, only that which was painted " buon fresco " would remain. According to critics, the	the	DET	inherent	ADJ	 inherent
This district encompassed not only the city of Nanking proper, occupied by the Japanese from December 13, but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
If the raters are in complete agreement then <formula>. If there is no agreement among the raters	raters	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Man in the Planet (Jack Fisk) pulls levers in his home in space, while the head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As the race entered the Alps, Merckx began to lose more time; he lost thirteen minutes on the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
Campbell, returning from injury praised the team performance in his post match interview: " It's brilliant for	for	ADP	us	PRON	 us
Jake — who was able to use his shape shifting powers to save himself — runs over to Finn,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Once in the Gulf, Winnebago was taken under tow by the sidewheel gunboat Metacomet for the voyage across the	the	DET	Gulf	PROPN	 Gulf
He headed a military unit during the second British invasion of the Río de la Plata, and worked at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
By keeping the core graphics engine simple, the game was able to contain elongated draw distances and a smooth	smooth	ADJ	frame	NOUN	 frame
After the declaration of war against Russia, eleven " Russian " players (Alekhine, Efim Bogoljubov, Fedor	Fedor	PROPN	Bogatyrchuk	PROPN	 Bogatyrchuk
He not only collected British works but imported Greek and Latin classics, and in 1790, he acquired the	the	DET	collection	NOUN	 collection
The massive Bass and Company maltings complex, constructed in brick off Mareham Lane between 1892 and 1905, is	is	AUX	grade	NOUN	 grade
Hearing of the approach of Pompey, Spartacus attempted to negotiate with Crassus to bring the conflict to a close	close	ADJ	before	SCONJ	 before
Also, the iPad's development model requires anyone creating an app for the iPad to sign a non disclosure	disclosure	NOUN	agreement	NOUN	 agreement
The " veil " was that which covered colored people around the world. In the book, he hoped	hoped	VERB	to	PART	 to
" It was a big part of the idea to just let people do things ", Realtime Worlds producer	producer	NOUN	Phil	PROPN	 Phil
A few minutes before the end of the first half, Liverpool went 3 – 1 up when Gary McAllister	McAllister	PROPN	scored	VERB	 scored
The first two Union divisions arrived on the afternoon of September 15 and the bulk of the remainder of the	the	DET	army	NOUN	 army
Lingbao scriptures arose as a direct result of the success of earlier Shangqing texts. Lingbao scriptures are all based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Petr Veliky had its genesis in the visit of the American twin turret monitor USS Miantonomoh to Kronstadt in August	August	PROPN	1866	NUM	 1866
Since Al Kateb's application for a visa was rejected, he was classified as an unlawful non citizen.	.	PUNCT	Section	NOUN	 Section
Soon, a premium cable television network called HBOWTIME (an obvious portmanteau of HBO and Showtime, straight down	down	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Unlike the preceding entries in the series, the soundtrack was not released at the same time as the film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This species shows sexual dimorphism. Although a small percentage of males resemble females, the typical male is much	much	ADV	larger	ADJ	 larger
" Picasso Baby " contains a sample of " Sirens " performed by Adrian Younge. " Tom Ford "	"	PUNCT	contains	VERB	 contains
McCain's victory put a final end to Mecham's political career. During the same election Arizona finally passed	passed	VERB	a	DET	 a
", Human Rights Quarterly 30 (4): 876 – 905, doi: 10.1353 / hrq.0.0034. Tey	Tey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Part of the training was reported to have taken place on the Mangla Dam reservoir. The recruits went through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Nonetheless, she said that her organization was pleased to have been consulted in the development of the plan	plan	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
But whatever their differences, Hancock and Adams came together again in 1773 with the renewal of major political turmoil	turmoil	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The corresponding Runge – Lenz vector is more complicated, <formula> where <formula> is the natural	natural	ADJ	oscillation	NOUN	 oscillation
If Ajay shoots Pagan, the game ends immediately and the credits roll. If Ajay instead chooses to listen	listen	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
As it moved away from the other circulation, the depression was able to intensify, and the wind shear	shear	NOUN	decreased	VERB	 decreased
It flows through Bruton and is joined by the rivers Pitt and Alham. The river then flows past East	East	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Mini Anthikad Chhibber The Hindu commented that " Madonna pulls out all stops in this effort turn the world	world	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Disney had already begun working out the details for the segments, and showed greater enthusiasm and eagerness as opposed	opposed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Existing documents offer confused accounts of Juba's dancing style, but certain themes emerge: it was percussive,	,	PUNCT	varied	VERB	 varied
Having earned $11,548,898 from 3,307 screens on its opening weekend, its take collapsed by 67 percent to $	$	SYM	3,924,921	NUM	3,924,921
On October 26, Edo was renamed Tokyo, and the Meiji period officially started. Aizu was besieged starting	starting	VERB	that	DET	 that
The event, which occurred as darkness descended onto Wrigley Field, became immortalized as the Homer in the Gloamin	Gloamin	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The Rosewood Heritage Foundation created a traveling exhibit that tours internationally to share the history of Rosewood and the attacks	attacks	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The game's original soundtrack, entitled Planetary Pieces: Sonic World Adventure Original Soundtrack, was released as a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
Flying Returns is Air India's frequent flyer programme. It is India's first frequent flyer programme and is	is	AUX	shared	VERB	 shared
Going into the Paralympics, her team was ranked eighth in the world. The Australian Paralympic Committee had chosen	chosen	VERB	to	PART	 to
Nevertheless, while it is not known whether Mallory and Bader were aware that the claims of the RAF and	and	CCONJ	Big	PROPN	 Big
At roughly the same time, the Japanese carriers were attacked by 12 USAAF B 17 Flying Fortresses, bombing	bombing	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The excrescences are unevenly spaced, simple to somewhat branched, cylindrical, and straight or curved. There are	are	VERB	no	DET	 no
Furthermore, Cal Poly is considered one of the top investments for educational value, with a 2013 net 30	30	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Later, Guthrie told Lincoln that Morehead's arrest had " not been beneficial " to their cause in Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Although she had only fifteen minutes to prepare for the character, the producers were " really responsive " to	to	ADP	Carpenter	PROPN	 Carpenter
They found two unrelated clades within Malagasy and Comoran samples of " Miniopterus manavi ", neither of which was	was	AUX	closely	ADV	 closely
When multiplied out, all three equations have xs2 + ys2 on the left hand side, and rs2 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
After originally selling two million copies upon its initial release (2 × Multi Platinum), Greatest Hits Volume	Volume	PROPN	Two	NUM	 Two
" Paul's tattoo of Woody Guthrie resulted in a chance meeting with Nora Guthrie, Woody Guthrie's daughter	daughter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was during the Korean War that the SBS first started operating from submarines. In 1952, SBS teams	teams	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The word " lemur " derives from the word lemures (ghosts or spirits) from Roman mythology and was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
For example, he says that once one dismisses the false idea of Moses being the author of Genesis,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The additional four units were needed for operating the Trondheim – Bodø trains on the Nordland Line, of which	which	PRON	three	NUM	 three
" Swinburne acknowledges that his argument by itself may not give a reason to believe in the existence of God	God	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On January 6, 2013, the Rockets suspended White without pay for failing to perform his contract. On	On	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Like other eosimiiforms, it was a small primate that weighed around 94 or 108 g (3.3 or 3.8	3.8	NUM	oz	NOUN	 oz
He would later have a transport ship named after him: the GTS Admiral W. M. Callaghan (T AKR	AKR	PROPN	1001	NUM	 1001
Four hundred volunteers are required to feed over 60,000 people who attend the one day event that had its 50th	50th	ADJ	anniversary	NOUN	 anniversary
Later in the same year, he, together with Alexandre Percequillo and Robert Voss, named ten new genera	genera	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Huw Jones of Slant Magazine described her sound as " a unique gray area between neo soul, funk,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" When developing the characteristics of their version of Lois Lane, the writers took inspiration from other leading ladies	ladies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The glaringly displayed phallus in the monastery is a brown wooden piece with a silver handle, a religious relic	relic	NOUN	considered	VERB	 considered
The Bulgarian forces were led by Isbul, as well as the ichirgu boil (commander of the capital garrison	garrison	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
While all of the figures generally look the same, without gender or distinguishing characteristics, individual players can be	be	AUX	told	VERB	 told
August wrote the scenario with the intent to highlight the evils of organized charity while entertaining the viewers. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Only cathedrals, collegiate churches and large burgh churches were resourced to perform the more elaborate services; the services	services	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The group's No Life ' til Leather demo (1982) was noticed by Megaforce label head Jon Zazula	Zazula	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
C Squadron screened the brigade in the morning and by 16: 00 the regiment had drawn away from the	the	DET	brigade	NOUN	 brigade
Telephone and mail communications operated throughout the Cold War, although packages and letters were routinely opened and telephone calls	calls	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Human Rights Watch said that there were " serious violations of due process " at the trials of 21 defendants	defendants	NOUN	relating	VERB	 relating
For a young guy to have a good changeup, that's an aptitude right there. It's pitchability	pitchability	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The second, titled Last Exile – Travelers from the Hourglass (ラストエグザイル – 砂時計の旅人, Rasuto Eguzairu – Sunadokei	Sunadokei	PROPN	no	DET	 no
In September 2012, Inside Soap named Becky's exit as their number 2 happy ending, " Becky believed	believed	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, the Northern California campaign chairman for Nixon, John Dinkenspiel, and his paid assistant, Harvey Hancock	Hancock	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Before reaching the river, the state highway passes to the north of the village of Benedict, which was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Brown was captured and executed; nevertheless, Mississippi representatives Reuben Davis and Otho Singleton each stated that if Seward	Seward	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
The Edgeworths jointly developed the concept of " Practical Education ", a principle that would become a new paradigm	paradigm	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The film's design team was uncertain about how it should look and drew out designs for various ice castles	castles	NOUN	filled	VERB	 filled
The short was broadcast in 1997 as one of Cartoon Network's World Premiere Toons. In 1997, while	while	SCONJ	writing	VERB	 writing
Because of the technical difficulties (the short half life of mRNA, for example) in the collection of	of	ADP	environmental	ADJ	 environmental
McCain subsequently cast Supreme Court confirmation votes in favor of John Roberts and Samuel Alito, calling them " two	two	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Norman averages a growing season of 209 days, but plants that can withstand short periods of colder temperatures may	may	AUX	have	VERB	 have
In November 2013, Lorde signed a publishing deal with Songs Music Publishing, worth a reported US $2.5	2.5	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Home of Bodø / Glimt and Grand Bodø, it holds a capacity for 7,354 spectators. The venue has	has	VERB	three	NUM	 three
After Streets ' parents separated, he lived with his mother in Matteson. She started him in track,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Payton graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor's degree in Communications. He acquired the nickname " Sweetness " in	in	ADP	college	NOUN	 college
He came to own over 200 suits, which he wore with heavily starched shirts with detachable collars, and	and	CCONJ	as	SCONJ	 as
The Russo Japanese War broke out in the Pacific on February 10 [O.S. January 27] 1904. In	In	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Number Ones peaked at number one the ARIA Top 40 Music DVD chart in Australia. It was ranked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Onlookers unable to get into the churchyard found vantage points on nearby walls, roofs and in trees. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Another variation features a triangular bowl. ჭ (ch ' ari) may be written without the hook at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
That was followed by another, La Glaneuse, in 1897, in which year she also had a work	work	NOUN	accepted	VERB	 accepted
On 31 August 2007, in an attempt to address criticisms of late releases, Odex began to offer video	video	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The current co chairs of the Task Force are Vice President Joe Biden and Jarrett. The Task Force has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
An excerpt from this episode is used in " Bad Wolf ", when Rose recalls where she had encountered	encountered	VERB	the	DET	 the
Caruso would continue in his role for the first four episodes of the second season, and Smits replaced him	him	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Rose was a key figure in the writing of the Book of the Law. September 22 / September 23	23	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Conversely, Richard Corliss, writing for Time, gave a mixed review. " The opening cartoon works just	just	ADV	fine	ADV	 fine
Brown found " Prophet of the New World " particularly intriguing as it dealt with Riel's religious ideas while	while	SCONJ	reevaluating	VERB	 reevaluating
He also confessed that he was in love with Neal, and continued to see her. Cooper and his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Mitsuda slept in his studio several nights, and attributed certain songs, such as " To Far Away Times	Times	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Johns wrote much of the album at a baby grand piano; he had previously taught himself the instrument and	and	CCONJ	composed	VERB	 composed
The text beneath the sword reads: DISCEDITE A ME MALEDICTI IN IGNEM ÆTERNUM QUI PARATUS EST DIABOLO ET ANGELIS	ANGELIS	PROPN	EJUS	PROPN	 EJUS
At time the ship still had not been fitted for radar. After Panzer Army Africa occupied Mersa Matruh in	in	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
Vascular malformations in the lungs may cause a number of problems. The lungs normally " filter out " bacteria	bacteria	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The small toothed sportive lemur is listed under CITES Appendix I, which prohibits international commercial trade. The IUCN	IUCN	PROPN	originally	ADV	 originally
The Bible indicates wine as a symbol of joy while " strong drink " is a euphemism for drunkenness.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The walls were guarded by crossbowmen, and improved firing positions for them were built into the town walls at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Valisère is the label for upper segment products, which beginning in 2007 became also available in Germany and was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
It includes numerous tribes who live upstream in Sarawak's interior such as the Kenyah, Kayan, Lun Bawang	Bawang	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He claimed his first aerial victory over Norway on 24 October 1941. After 23 aerial victories as heavy fighter	fighter	NOUN	pilot	NOUN	 pilot
Millard wanted " Word of God Speak " to contain only piano, avoiding the big production that could assure	assure	VERB	the	DET	 the
After Lucas acquires the real file from Harry in exchange for team member Ruth Evershed, whom he has kidnapped	kidnapped	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Variety magazine writer Rob Nelson called it a well photographed film of " occasionally irreverent wit ", and that	that	SCONJ	Coyle	PROPN	 Coyle
It is currently used in the treatment of uncomplicated stones located in the kidney and upper ureter, provided the	the	DET	aggregate	ADJ	 aggregate
– I think that generally... an agnostic would be the most correct description of my state of mind "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Remaining nearly stationary, the depression gradually strengthened into a tropical storm by June 20, receiving the name Cosme	Cosme	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Dilios, now back at Sparta, concludes his tale before the Council. Inspired by their King's sacrifice	sacrifice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" After Hsu became a two time fugitive, Kerrey remarked, " I thought that I knew him,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He also wore black contact lenses to make Hyde " soulless ". After many debates, the producers decided	decided	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Gargi, the daughter of sage Vachaknu in the lineage of sage Garga (800 500 BCE) was named	named	VERB	after	ADP	 after
This ended her streak of 16 consecutive top five singles and 17 consecutive top ten singles. It was present	present	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
The publication resulted from research conducted by Kout for his 2009 work on ecology and taxonomy of polypores, a	a	DET	PhD	NOUN	 PhD
Stephen met the new Duke of Bohemia, Sobeslav — whose wife was Adelhaid — in October 1126. The	The	DET	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
Miller considered it one of the greatest games of all time. In 2007, IGN's three editorial offices	offices	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
When Raziel begins to criticize him, Kain simply launches a tirade against him before noting what has become of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tipton believed it to be a real surrender gesture, and made himself visible, beckoning to the German soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In another episode, he criticizes The Today Show cohost Matt Lauer for saying that it's unacceptable for men	men	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The ATV game show The Golden Shot, presented by Bob Monkhouse, adopted Captain Scarlet as the theme for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Air masses cover many hundreds or thousands of square miles, and adapt to the characteristics of the surface below	below	ADP	them	PRON	 them
By 1550, the population of metropolitan Kraków was 18,000; although it went down to 15,000 in the next	next	ADJ	fifty	NUM	 fifty
So if there was a door on screen, the door routine was called up to handle it. The	The	DET	consequence	NOUN	 consequence
A major concern with the second act was the effectiveness of the characters He and She (later called by	by	ADP	Rodgers	PROPN	 Rodgers
Like its predecessors, WarioWare: Smooth Moves is built around a collection of microgames that last about five seconds	seconds	NOUN	each	PRON	 each
In Germany, the six sonatas op. 65 of Felix Mendelssohn (published 1845) marked the beginning of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Ray Park portrays Darth Maul, a Zabrak warrior and Darth Sidious ' Sith apprentice who uses a double bladed	bladed	ADJ	lightsaber	NOUN	 lightsaber
During preseason training in January 2011 McCaw injured his foot, subsequent x rays revealed that he had received a	a	DET	stress	NOUN	 stress
The Vishnu Purana disagrees stating that one who eats before offering food to the gods, the ancestors or guests	guests	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Because of monsoon weather in the northern provinces of South Vietnam and a general curfew imposed by South Vietnam on	on	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
An individual's real voice could also be broadcast if the news item in question did not directly relate to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
As missionary to the Germanic peoples of Europe and legate of the papal see, Boniface spent much of his	his	PRON	later	ADJ	 later
The album opens with " Roar ", a midtempo synth driven power pop track. Musically, it contains	contains	VERB	elements	NOUN	 elements
Starring alongside quarterback Otto Graham, fullback Marion Motley, placekicker Lou Groza and fellow receiver Mac Speedie, Lavelli	Lavelli	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Its success has inspired similar projects in more than 40 countries around the world, including a World Bank initiative	initiative	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Though the element is of medium abundance, natural compounds of cobalt are numerous. Small amounts of cobalt compounds	compounds	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The primary risk factor for COPD globally is tobacco smoking. Of those who smoke about 20% will get	get	VERB	COPD	PROPN	 COPD
The game is set in the Alien universe and takes place after the events of the third film in the	the	DET	franchise	NOUN	 franchise
Mechanisms suggested for egg discrimination in worker policing include queen hydrocarbons, fertile worker hydrocarbons, and nestmate recognition.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
During this time many of the elements of the rules were incorporated into the association game. Regular games were	were	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Jennings studied law in Washington, Pennsylvania. By 1806 Jennings had left Pennsylvania and moved to Steubenville, Ohio	Ohio	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the 2004 Senate elections, she successfully pushed new Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid to create a Senate war	war	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
These molecules have been applied to studies in several model organisms, including mice, zebrafish, frogs, and	and	CCONJ	sea	NOUN	 sea
Although the eye briefly disappeared, slight intensification was anticipated. The hurricane was curved north by an upper level	level	NOUN	trough	NOUN	 trough
Lewis ' vocal range spans over two octaves from low note of A3 to the high note of Eb6.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He dismissed his " double 6 ed " remark, an expression of joy at the threats of lawsuits,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Whitney sets up Vincent and Valerie as a couple without knowing they are in fact the same person. From	From	ADP	2006	NUM	 2006
Only " tiny amounts of the most dangerous forms of volatile radiation escaped to the atmosphere ". It took	took	VERB	11	NUM	 11
The seventh named storm of the 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Dolphin formed on May 6 in the vicinity of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kim Thompson described the book as " the biggest ' if ' in comics ' history: What if it	it	PRON	had	AUX	 had
This idea of a superficial contrast between characters ' individual linguistic style, tone and sphere of interest, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In total he represented his country ten times, scoring one goal. Born in Livingston, West Lothian,	,	PUNCT	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
This left the local British forces with no alternative but to wait for the Americans to make the first move	move	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His last film appearance of 2014 was alongside Emraan Hashmi and Kangana Ranaut in Karan Johar's film Ungli,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The $11 million renovation opened in 2006, and it received the Achievement of Excellence in Libraries Award in	in	ADP	that	DET	 that
Himmler also intended to replace all female civilian employees in his service with SS Helferinnen members, as they were	were	AUX	selected	VERB	 selected
The Oklo natural nuclear fission reactor contains evidence that significant amounts of technetium 99 were produced and have since decayed	decayed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
One of the predominant matches on the card was Shawn Michaels versus Kane in a No Disqualification match, which	which	PRON	Michaels	PROPN	 Michaels
In practice the rate of cut is slightly less than the ideal rate so that the load is released on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 1960s saw major changes in administration as well as in the student body. Female students have been admitted	admitted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Central to feminist economics is a different approach to the " family " and " household. " In classical	classical	ADJ	economics	NOUN	 economics
After Divins leaves the shot, McHale asks: " so your character sleeps with transsexuals? " in reference	reference	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The sprite designs themselves are based on the characters ' appearances from the 1990s animated X Men television series,	,	PUNCT	complete	ADJ	 complete
Byne and Steilberg judged certain walls and utility buildings worthless and left them in Spain. Steilberg returned home at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Company founder Charlie Watkins recalls it was the largest PA he had assembled to that point and, unable to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
After completion of the turnpike in April – May 1858, the Cape May Turnpike did not receive much profits	profits	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In summer 1880, younger brothers Morgan arrived from Montana and Warren Earp moved to Tombstone as well. In	In	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Restrictions on commercial signs, exterior paint colors, roofing materials, recreational vehicle and boat storage, and landscaping	landscaping	NOUN	specifications	NOUN	 specifications
It went back into turnaround. Mechanic had also wanted to make some changes to the script, but Soderbergh	Soderbergh	PROPN	disagreed	VERB	 disagreed
In the women's 50 metres backstroke heats, she posted a time of 57.92 seconds, taking two seconds	seconds	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
He said of his assignment, “ I was not mad about doing the film because Hammer wanted masses of	of	ADP	electronic	ADJ	 electronic
As he did not expect TFX to be available before 1970, however, Hancock recommended buying 36 A 5	5	NUM	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
In common with Canterbury, Lincoln and Salisbury cathedrals, it has the distinctly English arrangement of two transepts,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Naughty Dog won Studio of the Year and Best Developer from The Daily Telegraph, Edge, the Golden Joystick	Joystick	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
He impresses her by easily brushing off her assault, and tells her that he hunts demons in pursuit of	of	ADP	those	PRON	 those
CBS also named him the second best point guard (behind Isaiah Canaan). Pressey was both a preseason	preseason	NOUN	John	PROPN	 John
" In conjunction with overseeing the directing process, Soderbergh functioned as a cinematographer for Contagion. The film was	was	AUX	wholly	ADV	 wholly
Supporters of the historic site in Elizabeth, led by the Apple River Fort Foundation, appealed in protest to	to	ADP	legislators	NOUN	 legislators
Merely imitating others is not enough, even if one imitates the " correct " actions and thoughts. Reason	Reason	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Mardonius had been injured in the prior campaign and had fallen out of favor. The expedition was intended to	to	PART	bring	VERB	 bring
They compete annually against England, Ireland, Italy, Scotland and Wales in the Six Nations Championship. They	They	PRON	have	AUX	 have
The line was taken from the song " Death Disco " (1979), by the British musical group	group	NOUN	Public	PROPN	 Public
On 28 June 2012, along with Mathieu Baudry, completed a free transfer to fellow League One club Leyton	Leyton	PROPN	Orient	PROPN	 Orient
In October 1963, the collapse of a nearby dam flooded an iron mine in the municipality of Lengede,	,	PUNCT	killing	VERB	 killing
Pure has, as of 5 September 2012, been listed twelve times; with the first seven being in	in	ADP	position	NOUN	 position
Eventually ending up in New York City, the brothers work at menial jobs while attempting to revive their musical	musical	ADJ	careers	NOUN	 careers
Children actors with an ingenuous talent, and dialogs that fit together perfectly and sound natural, a splendid picture	picture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A shorter hike involves parking at Lake Rose, near the junction of Ganoga Glen and the Highland Trail.	.	PUNCT	Ricketts	PROPN	 Ricketts
Seven practice sessions were held before the race. The first two on February 12 ran 120 minutes and 105	105	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
International Speedway Corporation (ISC) was founded as Bill France Racing, Inc. (later Daytona International Speedway Corporation	Corporation	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
At the same time, Alpha was overrun by Viet Minh forces, and by 03: 50 no more	more	ADJ	firing	NOUN	 firing
The Iroquois sold their territorial claims to the colonies as part of the treaty. The company created to hold	hold	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The National Antarctic Expedition, known as the Discovery Expedition after the ship Discovery, was the brainchild of Sir	Sir	PROPN	Clements	PROPN	 Clements
The age of American paddlefish is best determined by dentary studies, a process which usually occurs on fish harvested	harvested	VERB	during	ADP	 during
David Babsky described the ZX81 as " a wonderfully brainy little micro which won't let you waste your time	time	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Many of the songs incorporate heavy instrumentation, such as guitar, cello, percussion, bass, and piano	piano	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By that time, he was discovered by Junimea, and began collaborating with Convorbiri Literare, a magazine led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Along with the three East Bosnian Shock Battalions, the Partisan General Staff of Bosnia Herzegovina first attempted to cross	cross	VERB	the	DET	 the
Al • Ith is repulsed by the idea of consorting with a barbarian, and Ben Ata does not want	want	VERB	a	DET	 a
1831 – December 15, 1890) was a Hunkpapa Lakota holy man who led his people during years of	of	ADP	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
The album's first sample is " Here we come... " from The Monkees ' theme. It progresses	progresses	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The album's third single, " Next Thing Smokin ' ", made its chart debut one month before	before	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The game placed 13th in Official Nintendo Magazine's 100 greatest Nintendo games of all time. Guinness World Records	Records	PROPN	ranked	VERB	 ranked
It was found to be the most common Armillaria species in hardwood and mixed oak forests in western Massachusetts.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The English ambassador reported a few days later that " the house of Guise ruleth and doth all about the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
Weinberg says of his comic persona: " [I] t's playing against type. I've been	been	AUX	happily	ADV	 happily
The large group of non citizens have been identified as a majority Muslims and there is some Christian Filipinos women	women	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Soon afterwards he captured the fortress of Korsun. In an effort to restore the situation, Koniecpolski laid siege	siege	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Most of the watershed receives an average of 8 to 10 inches (200 to 250 mm) of precipitation	precipitation	NOUN	each	DET	 each
Eventually, Dixon succeeded in bringing his ship alongside the Spanish frigate and opened a heavy fire, to which	which	PRON	Gerraro	PROPN	 Gerraro
In 1881, the province of Manitoba expanded to its present boundaries and land could be purchased for $10	10	NUM	an	DET	 an
In February 1827, Joaquim Inácio was transferred to the crew of the corvette Duquesa de Goiás, in which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
An unofficial Wii Sports tennis tournament titled " Wiimbledon " was held in the Brooklyn, New York bar Barcade	Barcade	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
It appears, though, that the Burney Relief was the product of such a tradition, not its source	source	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Our present subject is so soon attacked by insects that it is very rare to find specimens devoid of wriggling	wriggling	VERB	life	NOUN	 life
On May 19, 1905, after 16 games, Padden was released by the Browns, and his major	major	ADJ	league	NOUN	 league
Although NBC repeatedly contacted the actress about the character of Eve Russell over several months before her agent convinced her	her	PRON	to	PART	 to
Ambient corrections are difficult to achieve with this system and are not usually done. Consequently, it is not	not	PART	as	ADV	 as
A further section of the pier collapsed in 2016. The pier can be seen in several films, including	including	VERB	Oh	INTJ	 Oh
The two buildings have similar proportions, pilasters and gables and together constitute an important example of town planning.	.	PUNCT	Before	ADP	 Before
The headstone of Sideways the dog is located near Tech Tower's rear entrance, as is an informational placard	placard	NOUN	detailing	VERB	 detailing
And I said, ' I totally respect that. I'm obviously not gonna get into any domestic	domestic	ADJ	anything	PRON	 anything
It was a very tricky situation in the sense that we were trying to recreate something, but honor the	the	DET	spirit	NOUN	 spirit
Of the final Giants Stadium stand, the New York Daily News said that " Wrecking Ball " was "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
American soul singer Frankie Beverly is also credited as having written " Hustler's Ambition ", as a sample	sample	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The tanker was towed in by the destroyers Ledbury and Penn lashed on either side, with the minesweeper HMS	HMS	PROPN	Rye	PROPN	 Rye
DNA damages that are naturally occurring, due to normal cellular processes that produce reactive oxygen species, the hydrolytic	hydrolytic	ADJ	activities	NOUN	 activities
Three federal highways pass through Grand Forks: U.S. Route 2, Interstate 29, and U.S. Highway 81.	.	PUNCT	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The first phase of construction was completed in asphalt, while the second and third phases were built in concrete	concrete	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" When I started, I thought that the ' locative art ' stuff would work the way immersion technology	technology	NOUN	did	VERB	 did
The box set's release was confirmed on Wainwright's official site on March 21, 2011. Only 3,000	3,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
" He explained that from Vs. onwards the band tried to take different approaches to packaging its records.	.	PUNCT	Ament	PROPN	 Ament
In 1964 the song " My Kind of Town " was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song	Song	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The state constitution gives the governor the power to either sign into law or veto bills passed by the state	state	NOUN	legislature	NOUN	 legislature
After impressing in a reserve match, Hirst was signed by the club. However, Brown and Reason were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
Alvarado entered Malacatán unopposed to find it occupied only by the sick and the elderly. Messengers from the community	community	NOUN	's	PART	's
On the week of 14 October 2013, " Saturday Night " dropped to number 30. It reentered at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
The British ships initially had poor visibility and Marlborough could only faintly make out a group of German Kaiser class	class	NOUN	battleships	NOUN	 battleships
It was made available for digital download on February 23, 2010, in Canada and the United States.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Therefore, to rebut this presumption it is necessary for the person challenging the law to adduce some material or	or	CCONJ	factual	ADJ	 factual
World Bowl XI was held at Hampden in 2003, but after the 2004 season the Claymores folded and were	were	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
Schwartz had played on Shaughnessy's Loyola freshman team before he transferred to Notre Dame. In February, Shaughnessy	Shaughnessy	PROPN	declined	VERB	 declined
A major fleet exercise took place in the North Sea in May, and in July the I Squadron and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Screeching Weasel released Ramones (1992), which consisted of the band performing the entire album track list	list	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On April 30, 2009, López allowed five runs in 1 ⁄ 3 inning and played the remainder of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Retitled " My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down (Bonzo Goes to Bitburg) ", the song appeared on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some commentators had advocated including an amnesty as the price for peace; Goldstone was resolutely opposed to this,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
While doing so, he accidentally knocks down a stone gargoyle and Belle, the owner of the house,	,	PUNCT	goes	VERB	 goes
Seymour was particularly critical of Cochrane's coverage of feminism, which was, for him, " an unfortunate	unfortunate	ADJ	lapse	NOUN	 lapse
During the Roman Empire, the Ionian Islands were variously part of the provinces of Achaea and Epirus vetus.	.	PUNCT	These	PRON	 These
Galileo praised Archimedes many times, and referred to him as a " superhuman ". Leibniz said " He	He	PRON	who	PRON	 who
Gwendoline sailed up to the canal, which unfortunately was unusable because the gates of the lock had been dynamited	dynamited	VERB	due	ADP	 due
It seems pairs are formed in the non breeding flocks, but it is not known how pairs are formed	formed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
M 54 intersects Hill and Saginaw roads in the unincorporated community of Whigville as the trunkline passes out of the	the	DET	industrial	ADJ	 industrial
That same year, baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All Century Team. Young's career	career	NOUN	started	VERB	 started
According to Robert Gardiner in Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1860 – 1905, Imperator Aleksandr II	II	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Mayor Quimby decides to take action by forming a Blue Ribbon Committee. At the Simpsons ' house, someone	someone	PRON	steals	VERB	 steals
The lyrics of the song are a homage to the protagonist's partner, who changed her life. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Despite its modernization and rapid growth, it retains its pre modern feel with its narrow winding streets, high	high	ADJ	walls	NOUN	 walls
Characters such as Dr. Nefarious and Sasha, a Cazar starship captain who helps Ratchet throughout the game, are	are	AUX	introduced	VERB	 introduced
By 1902 to 1910, there was a network of railroads in the watershed. Logging was a large industry	industry	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Goddard almost won the role, but controversy over her marriage with Charlie Chaplin caused Selznick to change his mind	mind	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An eight man section under Lance Corporal F. W. Squires was sent to reconnoitre the wadi but attacked a battery	battery	NOUN	position	NOUN	 position
On November 7, 1995, Columbia Records released the eponymous album, Alice in Chains, which debuted at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Several hours later, the barometric pressure of the storm decreased to 984 mbar (hPa; 29.06 inHg)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Routine vaccination of health care workers was discontinued in the U.S. in 1976, and among military recruits in 1990	1990	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Benjamin decided to continue alone on horseback, east and south along Florida's Gulf Coast, pretending to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
The Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 amended this section to include the transmission of the article electronically.	.	PUNCT	Section	NOUN	 Section
In October 2011 (2011 10), the company announced an order for four Boeing 777Fs in a deal	deal	NOUN	worth	ADJ	 worth
These injured and possibly killed some of the swimmers; others used the debris to try to keep themselves afloat	afloat	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, the government of India declared Hyderabad the first " Best heritage city of India ". Qutb	Qutb	PROPN	Shahi	PROPN	 Shahi
He also wrote, " shining in this storyline was Dot Jones as Coach Bieste. Her scene as Santa	Santa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In normal circumstances his brother Patrick would have been his heir, but he died in battle in October 1780	1780	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
After some debate as to whether the letter was a journalistic trick to uncover advance story details, Kneale eventually	eventually	ADV	decided	VERB	 decided
It was he, and not Khrushchev, who made the first anti Stalinist speech at the 20th Congress.	.	PUNCT	Along	ADP	 Along
The legal size flyer compared the voting records of Douglas and Marcantonio, principally in the area of national security	security	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sesame Street was praised from its debut in 1969. Newsday reported that several newspapers and magazines had written "	"	PUNCT	glowing	VERB	 glowing
" During the lecture, Pausch offered inspirational life lessons, and performed push ups on stage. He also	also	ADV	commented	VERB	 commented
Positions The leading office of the ministry was the Minister of Finance (titled " Commissars " until 1946)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Female sex, relapsing remitting subtype, optic neuritis or sensory symptoms at onset, few attacks in the initial	initial	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
" Home " first premiered on UPN in the United States on October 22, 2004. It was watched	watched	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Upon reaching Har Nebo Cemetery, the route turns north through locations of homes and businesses and passes to the	the	DET	east	NOUN	 east
It takes constant expected time per search, insertion, or deletion when implemented using a random hash function,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
In the Family Guy episode " The Simpsons Guy ", the Griffins visit Springfield and meet the Simpsons.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Atlantic City Expressway crosses into Hammonton, Atlantic County. Continuing to the southeast, it encounters Route 54	54	NUM	at	ADP	 at
At the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939 the Football League was suspended indefinitely, leaving the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
The Company was made responsible for the safeguarding of peace and law in its territory, and licensed to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Not even her experience of breast cancer was allowed to surface in Kylie ’ s subsequent material: lyrically,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Unfortunately, the destruction of about 80% of the colony by fire and construction makes it impossible to definitively	definitively	ADV	settle	VERB	 settle
This had a major impact on the landscape as feudal systems of ownership were abandoned and land holdings reorganised.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The 1ère Division de Ligne made an official visit on 3 – 4 May 1939 to Lisbon, Portugal,	,	PUNCT	commemorating	VERB	 commemorating
But in these remote days the one inn of Whitby was up a back yard, and oyster shell grottoes	grottoes	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" This provides a more holistic view of the economic actor than homo economicus. The work of George Akerlof	Akerlof	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was found in what had been the sculptor Thutmose's workshop, along with other unfinished busts of Nefertiti	Nefertiti	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
HDMI can only be used with older analog only devices (using connections such as SCART, VGA, RCA	RCA	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Charles Darwin regarded the solitary existence of Cambrian trilobites and total absence of other intermediate fossils as the " gravest	gravest	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Hobbyists flooded MITS with orders for the $397 computer kit. Paul Allen and Bill Gates saw the magazine	magazine	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Robert Canning of IGN reviewed the episode, simply saying he " loved this episode, " giving it a	a	DET	perfect	ADJ	 perfect
Together, the four make their way to the apartment where the shooting occurred and surmise the weapons used.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" The third Tom Swift series differs from the first two in that the setting is primarily outer space,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
These prayer notes are folded and wedged into the cracks and crevices of the Wall. The rationale for this	this	DET	practice	NOUN	 practice
The name honors a unit of the US Army which was activated at the nearby Fort Custer in 1942 and	and	CCONJ	served	VERB	 served
The older chick accompanies the two adults on hunting expeditions. One day the raptors encounter a strange creature they	they	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Beauchamp and the Bishop of Worcester had a dispute over the lands that Beauchamp inherited from d'Abetot. The dispute	dispute	NOUN	caused	VERB	 caused
Across the U.S., cats are responsible for approximately a billion bird deaths annually. They are estimated to number	number	VERB	640	NUM	 640
His conduct was deemed " disgusting " by visiting manager Arsène Wenger, and teammate Kurt Zouma initially reacted by	by	ADP	saying	VERB	 saying
Adams, who was already a leading Patriot and who was contemplating a run for public office, agreed to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
The assembly then appointed Cooke to be its speaker in 1720. This began a constitutional argument about the governor	governor	NOUN	's	PART	's
The singer then duct tapes the man and locks him in her closet; which he later escapes from.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
The constellation's three letter abbreviation, as adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1922, is " CMi	CMi	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The shipping yard shown in the episode was set in the Port of Miami, yet filming took place in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Emily Yahr of The Washington Post spoke positively of his acting, by saying " Peeta's crazed expression	expression	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Ralphie III led the Buffaloes on the field in 72 games, including 62 times in Boulder, eight bowl	bowl	NOUN	games	NOUN	 games
During the next three centuries the lands had several different owners. Transactions show it passed to a burgess of	of	ADP	Aberdeen	PROPN	 Aberdeen
The Court of Common Pleas thus ceased to exist, except as the Common Pleas Division of the High Court	Court	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Buildings were made out of dry stone masonry, with the walls and floors of the older houses plastered with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
There is considerable room for muster on the inland side, where a " castle toun " of service buildings	buildings	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Author Christina Lee agreed, adding it was a " splendidly ridiculous exercise in unadulterated indulgence ", and the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
At the chorus, Aguilera sings " So burn me with fire / Drown me with rain / I'm	'm	AUX	gon	VERB	 gon
The low that absorbed the storm nearly developed into a tropical cyclone, which would have been called Odette.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
" In an interview in January 2010, current principal Geoff Draper said that piano tuning would be taught at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the previous year, Nissan Pulsar hatchbacks were rebadged as the Holden Astra, as a result of a	a	DET	deal	NOUN	 deal
This left his team open to accusations of having advance warning of rule changes. Ecclestone denies that the team	team	NOUN	benefited	VERB	 benefited
She also appeared as Helen Lovejoy in the 2007 film The Simpsons Movie. She attended the gala premiere together	together	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Rather, the auxiliary verb har (" have "), hade (" had ") is followed	followed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The pair, who came third in the 2009 European Championships, went on to finish eighth. Three British	British	ADJ	women	NOUN	 women
The closest successor to the Torana was the Camira, released in 1982 as Australia's version of GM's	's	PART	medium	ADJ	 medium
Savaric's successor, Jocelin of Wells, again moved the bishop's seat to Bath Abbey, with the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
This included the official Li Jie (1065 – 1110), a scholar who was eventually promoted to high	high	ADJ	positions	NOUN	 positions
Publisher George Putnam later noted that " whole columns of these new ' discoveries, ' including the hieroglyphics (	(	PUNCT	sic	NOUN	sic
The acceptance rate for new delegates is usually between 8 and 10 percent. FIU MUN is currently ranked as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film had its formal launch on 15 August 2011 with a small pooja ceremony conducted at Hyderabad. Shyam	Shyam	PROPN	K.	PROPN	 K.
The defendants refused or were unable to provide details under examination. On 26 March Ilić and Mehmedbašić had already	already	ADV	agreed	VERB	 agreed
In response, Deputy District Attorney Ann Rundle said: " What's offensive to me is to trot out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shawarma, (from çevirme, meaning " rotating " in Turkish) is usually made in Israel with turkey	turkey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Historian Jenny Uglow wrote of the lasting impact of the Society: The Lunar Society [' s]...	...	PUNCT	members	NOUN	 members
Disney was not pleased with how the story was turning out, as he felt it was too dark for	for	ADP	family	NOUN	 family
Critics panned The Wiz upon its October 1978 release. Jackson's performance as the Scarecrow was one of the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
In 2008 Clinton, a Senator and candidate for the Democratic Party presidential nomination, became the first American woman	woman	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Jeffrey pine forests also surround the Inyo Craters and Mammoth Mountain. Mule deer, coyotes, black bears,	,	PUNCT	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
To give the puppets increased mobility, the costume department generally avoided stiff synthetic materials, instead working with cotton	cotton	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It attracted increasing attention starting in the 18th century, and became an important tourist destination. It underwent a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Members of the legislature and the districts they represented: On June 15, 1846, the Oregon Treaty was	was	AUX	signed	VERB	 signed
The second composition was painted on the upper west wall of the narthex and portrays a man, a woman	woman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
East of Yates Road, the road enters a small area of trees, before re entering to more farmland	farmland	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Richard started eight games with the Bears in 1973 and posted minor league career worsts in ERA and hits allowed	allowed	VERB	per	ADP	 per
The weight of information, and its constant repetition, made an apparently strong case against Driberg, and former	former	ADJ	friends	NOUN	 friends
In total, VAT sold 359 units as half tracks, and 60 were converted into 4 × 4 or	or	CCONJ	4	NUM	 4
Wolverines linebacker Chris Graham, a senior, expected the defense to be defined by speed, noting that each	each	DET	position	NOUN	 position
Yepishev met personally with Taraki on 7 April, but never met with Amin. The Soviets were becoming increasingly	increasingly	ADV	worried	ADJ	 worried
The nudity described by Nintendo encompassed a swimsuit calendar, a classical sculpture and a poster of a mummy in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
From hereon Thomas Wintour remained at the heart of the conspiracy. The group leased properties in London, one	one	NUM	in	ADP	 in
" Attitudes towards AO rated games have also been influenced by the types of games that have received the rating	rating	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The film's pooja ceremony was held at Radha Krishna's office in early December 2013, and filming was	was	AUX	expected	VERB	 expected
Excess can also exist as camp, such as films that highlight the excesses of 1980s fashion and commercialism.	.	PUNCT	Films	NOUN	 Films
By the 1370s, there were fears that if the French invaded England, the rural classes might side with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
These encysted life stages produce developmental abnormalities in post metamorphic frogs, including additional or missing limbs. These abnormalities	abnormalities	NOUN	increase	VERB	 increase
After the second verse, Hendrix skipped to the fourth. Hendrix played the electric guitar, and music critic	critic	NOUN	Greil	PROPN	 Greil
Calabozos is one of 44 Holocene epoch volcanoes located in central Chile and Argentina. It is included within the	the	DET	Southern	PROPN	 Southern
They selected Gyorko as a third baseman. Gyorko signed with the Padres quickly, receiving a $614,700 signing	signing	NOUN	bonus	NOUN	 bonus
It told me the story of what went wrong. There were maybe two (good) songs on that	that	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The title is a reference to the novel and film The Caine Mutiny. The dog " Laddie " is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Erin feels dejected and leaves. Jim and Pam Halpert argue whether ghosts are real after she claims to have	have	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
In the Spring 2002 edition of The Octagon, the keeper's house was said to be a two story	story	NOUN	house	NOUN	 house
At 00: 00 UTC on August 29, a tropical depression formed from the system, classified by the	the	DET	Joint	PROPN	 Joint
" Eye of the Needle " was released digitally on 3 June 2014 as a promotional single. while "	"	PUNCT	Big	ADJ	 Big
Immature birds have brown plumage, which is gradually replaced by white until the age of five or six years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
J. M. Barrie (1860 – 1937) based his character Peter Pan on Peter Llewelyn Davies, his friend	friend	NOUN	's	PART	's
" During his second term, Ross was forced to intervene in the Jaybird Woodpecker War in Fort Bend County	County	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Of the 31,380 square kilometres (12,120 sq mi) of forest in Britain, around 30% is publicly	publicly	ADV	owned	VERB	 owned
Jableh's district governor sought to gain control over the fundraiser and when locals nevertheless continued to send their donations	donations	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In general relativity, however, there exists an innermost stable circular orbit (often called the ISCO),	,	PUNCT	inside	ADP	 inside
Instead, Howe was required to appear before a court – martial in Philadelphia which was opened to inquire into	into	ADP	Howe	PROPN	 Howe
He abandoned the study of medicine and changed to English, history, and theology. Because he switched his	his	PRON	field	NOUN	 field
The centerline turrets on the warships could train 150 degrees in either direction, though the wing turrets on the	the	DET	Helgoland	PROPN	 Helgoland
While the command staff met to discuss the next move, word came in that the British warship Royal Savage	Savage	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 2010 there was a push to get him elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame, which included an	an	DET	online	ADJ	 online
Though they are edible, the primary appeal of the fruit bodies to mushroom hunters are their appearance. The	The	DET	species	NOUN	 species
Count Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf boasted that it would take Austro Hungary only three months to defeat Serbia should war	war	VERB	erupt	VERB	 erupt
Gold rush – related boomtowns sprang up near Mono Basin in the 19th century to exploit bonanzas. The largest	largest	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
" Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club compared the episode favorably to " Lisa on Ice " although he also	also	ADV	criticized	VERB	 criticized
At the end of World War I the city became part of the newly independent Second Polish Republic, as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The sets, design, cinematography, effects and principal cast were all given praise from Kirk Honeycutt of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
It turned back under heavy fire, and withdrew as far as Pančevo without serious damage to any vessel.	.	PUNCT	Bodrog	PROPN	 Bodrog
" Lépine responded that " You're women, you're going to be engineers. You're all a	a	DET	bunch	NOUN	 bunch
There are also supersonic " bullets " of gas piercing the hydrogen clouds of the Orion Nebula. Each bullet	bullet	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" According to the U.S. Attorney's Manual, " Of the individuals who come to the Secret Service's	's	PART	attention	NOUN	 attention
When in 1941 Gascoigne was offered a research fellowship by Woolley, he moved to Canberra. The Solar Observatory	Observatory	PROPN	staff	NOUN	 staff
The west facade was constructed in 1688 and rebuilt in 1804. It has a three section portal with images	images	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Determining at what prices prints sold is a challenge for experts, as records of hard figures are scanty and	and	CCONJ	there	PRON	 there
They later see a minister, referred to only as Togog, attempting to use the Gilchrist Document to overthrow	overthrow	VERB	Sukarno	PROPN	 Sukarno
The Mexican authorities " summarily rejected " the agreement. After Moreno Gonzalez was reported dead, José de Jesús	Jesús	PROPN	Méndez	PROPN	 Méndez
Mating is not restricted to just community members, but also involves members of neighboring communities. Females mate primarily	primarily	ADV	with	ADP	 with
After Sora meets Donald and Goofy, the three decide to travel together — Donald and Goofy to find King	King	PROPN	Mickey	PROPN	 Mickey
After defeating a group of giants, Tom Thumb is handsomely rewarded by King Arthur, which later erupts in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
If the standards are going to be lowered I'll get out as chairman of the board. " Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The welder judges the effectiveness of the shielding and increases the nozzle size to increase the area protected by the	the	DET	external	ADJ	 external
However, its soundtrack – by Ron Sexsmith and Kurt Swinghammer – won a Genie Award for Best Achievement in	in	ADP	Music	PROPN	 Music
Between 1994 and 2009, the city had a declining and aging population compared to Tel Aviv and Jerusalem,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Studies have determined that new age music can be an effective component of stress management. The style began in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 20 amino acids encoded directly by the genetic code can be divided into several groups based on their properties	properties	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was a faculty member of the University of Utah for over 25 years, where he helped establish the	the	DET	School	PROPN	 School
Spears filmed her guest starring scenes on August 18 and 19, 2010. Murphy commented that: " At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lacking money, Monet returned to his father's house in Sainte Adresse and lived with his aunt, leaving	leaving	VERB	Doncieux	PROPN	 Doncieux
Further west, the LSWR took over the broad gauge Exeter and Crediton Railway and North Devon Railway, also	also	ADV	the	DET	 the
Though it had been settled for some time Hadspen was only officially declared in 1866. Hadspen was originally on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Around this time, the cult of Adonis is noted in the Book of Ezekiel in Jerusalem, though under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
The future Westholme grounds were divided up between several land owners, including Lord Bristol and Benjamin Handley. Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Parry	PROPN	 Parry
L ' Equipe de Cardiff (1916) and André Lhote's Partie de Rugby (1917). The	The	DET	1928	NUM	 1928
First, a diagnostic step is used to process data to generate initial conditions, which are then advanced in	in	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
Runcorn Rugby Union FC is based at Halton Sports Club in Murdishaw. There is an 18 hole golf course	course	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 U.S. 537 (1896) — separate but equal for public facilities Cumming v. Richmond	Richmond	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
Due to rough surf, the beach at Virginia Beach, Virginia was closed to swimmers on August 31.	.	PUNCT	Carrie	PROPN	 Carrie
In Stratford, Prince Edward Island, a woman died after being struck by a door that was caught by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Their value for the conventional Faraday constant is F90 = 96485.39 (13) C / mol, which corresponds	corresponds	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Each story concerns a World War II soldier overcoming the odds in the war. The game also has four	four	NUM	difficulty	NOUN	 difficulty
" The Hollywood Reporter's Todd McCarthy said that the film is " snappy, well cast and streetwise "	"	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The RNA molecule produced by the polymerase is known as the primary transcript and undergoes post transcriptional modifications before being	being	AUX	exported	VERB	 exported
In Puerto Cortes, peak winds of 51 mph (82 km / h) and gusts up to 72	72	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
The brutality of the killings sent shock waves along the frontier, and Boone's party abandoned its expedition.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to the editors of Flying magazine, in their book Sport Flying, published by Ziff Davis in 1976	1976	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He was elected president of the constitutional convention that drafted the state's constitution in 1779, and ran unsuccessfully	unsuccessfully	ADV	for	ADP	 for
" It involves first step quickness to the ball, which will increase his range. [He needs to	to	PART	]	PUNCT	]
Meanwhile, German tanks were continuously upgraded with better main guns, in addition to other improvements. For example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wheeler attended the event, whose conference proceedings were published as a festschrift for the octogenarian. In spring 1973	1973	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Using a klystron, they were able to separate isotopes using high voltage electricity rather than magnetism. Work continued	continued	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Mössbauer received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1961, at the age 32, just three years after he	he	PRON	published	VERB	 published
The day after the battle, he interviewed each noncombatant individually. Impressed with Susanna Dickinson, Santa Anna offered	offered	VERB	to	PART	 to
Aguilera's decision not to perform her " trademark warbling " while recording the song disappointed M.I.A., as she	she	PRON	detailed	VERB	 detailed
Their shape change quickly as the sun rises, and as the painting most likely isn't depicting any specific	specific	ADJ	moment	NOUN	 moment
The system software was developed by Space Computer Corporation of Los Angeles and the system hardware is supplied by NovaSol	NovaSol	PROPN	Corp.	PROPN	 Corp.
M 79 meets M 66 and turns south along the latter highway's route along Main and Durkee streets through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Manny Get Your Gun " was written by Danny Zuker, but was based on a story by Modern	Modern	PROPN	Family	PROPN	 Family
Scenes of Spears singing in front of a shining orange sign with the word " CRAZY " are also seen	seen	VERB	throughout	ADP	 throughout
His body is carried off by were poodle Milhouse while Lisa watches in dismay. The episode was written by	by	ADP	Joel	PROPN	 Joel
" So that was my message in letting that scene be in color. " Andy Patrizio of IGN notes	notes	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Stars immediately signed Nieuwendyk to a new deal worth US $11.3 million over five years. Bob Gainey	Gainey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A similar pattern emerges as regards households with dependent children; in Central and High Felling the proportions are low	low	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
Mansfield ordered a hearing for 22 January 1772. Following an adjournment, the case was not heard until 7	7	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
Despite Crumb's enthusiasm, the artist refused to sign the contract Krantz drew up. Artist Vaughn Bodé warned	warned	VERB	Bakshi	PROPN	 Bakshi
" Lou Lumenick of the New York Post wrote " Toy Story 3 (which is pointlessly being shown in	in	ADP	3	NUM	 3
Hill made his first class cricket début in March 1893 while still a schoolboy, just nine days past his	his	PRON	16th	ADJ	 16th
" In his will Governor Arnold gave to his wife, for life, certain land with mansion house and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The location is significant in the early history of Chicago. Events from the city's past are commemorated with	with	ADP	sculptures	NOUN	 sculptures
The ship's bow was not designed to operate in an Arctic environment, and so the crew had to	to	PART	continually	ADV	 continually
The camera's operator then shook the camera in the opposite direction that Mulligan and Robertson threw themselves. The	The	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
Scholars have contrasted this dating scheme with the " epic " reigns of roughly thirty three years for both Oleg	Oleg	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Shaw wrote to the sculptor on January 13, reproducing a copy of a letter from Roberts which warned,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the United States Department of State and sociologist Susan	Susan	PROPN	J.	PROPN	 J.
" By this time John Smith's was outselling Webster's three to one. Following the closure of the	the	DET	Fountain	PROPN	 Fountain
During one bombing raid a 500 pounds (230 kg) bomb crashed through and landed on the floor above	above	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Testosterone levels may be evaluated to diagnose hypogonadism, a cause of depression in men. Vitamin D levels are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
The tower was constructed sometime between the Dissolution and the Union of the Crowns but the exact date is not	not	PART	known	VERB	 known
Band biographer Neil Minturn describes it as " demanding an ebullient, loose, insistent, repetitive groove, with	with	ADP	roots	NOUN	 roots
MDMA had been synthesized in 1912 by Merck and patented in 1912 as an intermediate of another synthesis in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Nemesis of Faith also drew criticism on literary grounds as being melodramatic and sentimental. Froude himself wrote to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Using John Carlin's Wired magazine article entitled " A Farewell to Arms ", Marconi crafted a screenplay about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
The judiciary is composed of the Tripura High Court and a system of lower courts. Executive authority is vested	vested	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Johnson was rested for the fixture against the South of England. Australia declared at 7 / 522 and bowled	bowled	VERB	out	ADP	 out
On the night of 12 / 13 December, German destroyers sortied to lay minefields off the British coast.	.	PUNCT	Under	ADP	 Under
When Philip of Hesse's law on the protection of the Jews in his territory expired in 1538, he	he	PRON	commissioned	VERB	 commissioned
Built for Islands of Adventure's opening in 1999, the attraction is a hybrid ride combining special roving motion	motion	NOUN	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
The 13th Tejano Music Awards nominees included newcomer Esmeralda along with Selena and Lares. At the 14th Tejano Music	Music	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
According to contemporary sources, around 180 people lived in the facility, including peasants, the Dutch soldiers defending	defending	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Focus has centered primarily on the Texian defenders, with little emphasis given to the role of the Tejano soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Several years later, Jack sold all of the 400 cartoons Warner Bros. made before 1948 for $3,000 apiece	apiece	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
1: Shapes. 2: Flow. 3: Branches. Oxford, 2009. Murphy, Pat and	and	CCONJ	Neill	PROPN	 Neill
The Northwest Pavilion has 460 photovoltaic modules to harness solar energy, houses recycling facilities, and its " interior	interior	ADJ	finishes	NOUN	 finishes
Upon its publication in 1999, Motherless Brooklyn won the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction, The Macallan	Macallan	PROPN	Gold	PROPN	 Gold
Despite both reviews characterising " The Harrowing " as one of the weaker episodes of the series, it was	was	AUX	called	VERB	 called
Jonathan Holmes of Destructoid called Cave Story an " important game ", observing its influence on artistic indie games	games	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
The program proved to be controversial, as critics of the administration, as well as organizations such as the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
During these secret meetings, they appointed a representative commission composed of Juan José Castelli and Martín Rodríguez to request	request	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Born in Belfast to Norman and Aileen Whiteside, he grew up on Shankill Road, and because of his	his	PRON	aggressive	ADJ	 aggressive
Millennium Park had 3 million visitors in its first year; annual attendance was projected to grow to between 3.31	3.31	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
<formula> To find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using strictly mathematical	mathematical	ADJ	means	NOUN	 means
It was produced by Martin and Shellback. Aguilera's vocals were recorded by Oscar Ramirez at The Red Lips	Lips	PROPN	Room	PROPN	 Room
Feather lice found on Zino's petrels include Trabeculus schillingi, Saemundssonia species and an unnamed species of Halipeurus.	.	PUNCT	Zino	PROPN	 Zino
In perhaps their biggest game of the season, the Aggies defeated defending national champions and 2013 BCS National Championship	Championship	PROPN	Game	PROPN	 Game
" IGN made a similar point; " Unlike the PC and Mac versions, PlayStation Dark Forces is grainier	grainier	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
5.3%. A majority of factors of this population decline are being driven by the massive growth in Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	industry	NOUN	 industry
Sun Diamond argued that those actions could not be criminal because there was no intent to do economic harm to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Such themes had earlier been examined in his The Gross Clinic (1875) and William Rush (1877)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
England were 46 / 4 and Australia were firmly in control. Compton was joined by his skipper Yardley and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
She fights off a multitude of sci fi monsters and mobile suits then jumps into a throng of Metron Seijin	Seijin	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Throughout dinner, Will is hostile to Rachel. Will, like Monica, has lost a great deal of	of	ADP	weight	NOUN	 weight
" She said that she thinks West is brilliant and praised him for speaking his mind all the time.	.	PUNCT	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
In the U.S., where Gilbert and Sullivan's performance copyright was never in force, Pinafore continued to be	be	AUX	produced	VERB	 produced
It goes through the town of Goldsby and then ends at I 35. The highway's northern section begins	begins	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Mount Royal Cemetery is a 165 acres (67 ha) terraced cemetery on the north slope of Mount Royal	Royal	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A violinist friend of Handel's, Matthew Dubourg, was in Dublin as the Lord Lieutenant's bandmaster;	;	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The essential process of dyeing requires soaking the material containing the dye (the dyestuff) in water, adding	adding	VERB	the	DET	 the
This treatment reflected elements in previous scripts: from the Stevens treatment, organic web shooters, and a villain	villain	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
She met with Taylor to express a desire to work in the film. Taylor said: " Emma was	was	AUX	completely	ADV	 completely
In the United States, cuts of beef for retail sale include various beefsteaks, as well as stew meat	meat	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
By that time, the 8th Army′ s force of combat troops were roughly equal to North Korean forces attacking	attacking	VERB	the	DET	 the
Rockefeller prevailed and the railroad sold its oil interests to Standard. But in the aftermath of that battle,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
In a reorganization in 1944, he lost responsibility for the implosion type fission weapon, but retained that for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Protocols are often talked about in terms of their place in the OSI reference model (pictured on the right	right	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Clemmons did not return to school, and finished his education at eleventh grade. In 1989, a 17	17	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Songs on the album also incorporate experimental hip hop backing tracks and other hip hop elements in a surrealistic manner	manner	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Under Douglas Home the colonies of Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland gained independence, though this was as a result of	of	ADP	negotiations	NOUN	 negotiations
Instead of ordering additional waves of troops to the slaughter, he should have retreated to a safe distance and	and	CCONJ	considered	VERB	 considered
Wolpaw praised the design of the single player campaign, commenting that " you can sense the designers ' enthusiasm	enthusiasm	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
" Sorkin wrote 87 screenplays in all, which amounts to nearly every episode during the show's first four	four	NUM	Emmy	ADJ	 Emmy
Following one dormant winter stage, the seed begins to germinate. In the second chapter, " Taking Root	Root	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As the armies assembled in their positions, the flanks and forward outposts encountered one another in several skirmishes;	;	PUNCT	indeed	ADV	 indeed
Based on the theoretically predicted cross section, it was expected that an ununennium atom would be synthesized within five	five	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Although the league lost further clubs to the Combination, which was quicker to restart after the war, within	within	ADP	a	DET	 a
For much of the country's dynastic era, opportunities for social advancement could be provided by high performance in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He resigned the position after one year, citing the fact that the role took too much time away from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The production will continue to provide all the help we can to Gabriela and her family during this difficult time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She found the first few chapters somewhat repetitive as it expressed the uniformity of the school's practices. Richard	Richard	PROPN	V.	PROPN	 V.
The friendliness and charity of our countrymen can always be relied upon to relieve their fellow citizens in misfortune.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
" The first section of the Creek Turnpike to open was a 3.6 mile (5.8 km) segment from	from	ADP	Delaware	PROPN	 Delaware
The second / third section, The Swan of Tuonela, is often heard separately. Finlandia, probably the	the	DET	best	ADV	 best
Popcorn is served as a free hors d'oeuvre. Other food items include milkshakes, hot fudge sundaes, seafood	seafood	NOUN	salad	NOUN	 salad
His wife, Maria, was never heard from again. Years later, in the late 1980s, a	a	DET	young	ADJ	 young
Brown flew 20 missions in country. These missions included attacks on communication lines, troop concentrations, and military	military	ADJ	installations	NOUN	 installations
0.6% percent of respondents reported feeling addicted to or dependent on salvia at some point, and 1.2%	%	NOUN	reported	VERB	 reported
It is a synthetic element (an element that can be created in a laboratory but is not found in	in	ADP	nature	NOUN	 nature
Following his first championship ring in 1999, Sports Illustrated described him as a " quiet, boring MVP "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The courts will not, however, give any consideration to what the infringer thought his work was for,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Another passenger from the flight was placed in handcuffs after a dog alerted officers to his carry on luggage;	;	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Most of the leading writers, such as Jonathan Swift, Alexander Pope, and Henry Fielding, were excluded	excluded	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Puerto Rico Department of the Family currently provides the benefits to each participating family through a debit card,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The liquid or gaseous product (the alkali metal) then undergoes fractional distillation for purification. Lithium, sodium	sodium	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He conducted an unusual campaign for the Democratic nomination in 1972 for Vice President of the United States, and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
The idea for the exhibition was conceived after Van Sant introduced unused footage from the 1991 film to Franco,	,	PUNCT	inspiring	VERB	 inspiring
These public universities are two of just eight across the city; other prominent state universities in Istanbul include the	the	DET	Mimar	PROPN	 Mimar
Helmkampf, Bruchhaus and Hausdorf (2008) summarise several authors ' embryological and morphological analyses which doubt or disagree	disagree	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Minogue was praised for her new material and her reinterpretations of some of her greatest successes. She won a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A week before the release of Jab Tak Hai Jaan and Son of Sardaar, the commission dismissed Devgn's	's	PART	claim	NOUN	 claim
During his tenure, the defense was ranked among the highest in the nation. After working for his father	father	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Hartwell states that this shift of power was the result of the professional elite's lineage strategies being undermined by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
She felt that the episode was flawed in its " cop out " ending and Jack's handling of Gwen	Gwen	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
An acute nosebleed may be managed with a variety of measures, such as packing of the nasal cavity with	with	ADP	absorbent	NOUN	 absorbent
Belvoir Hospital, an effort Sen. Webb called “ a tribute to Congressman Moran's persistence. ” Moran was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
He coined the terms the First Decimation of 844, which he saw as the removal of public dues on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Along with Albini in the studio, Q Division's Jon Lupfer acted as studio assistant. The recording	recording	NOUN	process	NOUN	 process
" Arms Alchemy ") is a manga series written and drawn by Nobuhiro Watsuki. It follows Kazuki Muto	Muto	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The score for Halloween II is a variation of John Carpenter's compositions from the first film, particularly the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Schumacher, running on Bridgestone tyres, won the next two races. After Montoya was penalised in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
He had previously directed episodes of other shows in the franchise, including the hundredth episode of Star Trek:	:	PUNCT	Voyager	PROPN	 Voyager
Twining found he could not compete with natural ice, but in Melbourne Harrison's plant came to dominate the	the	DET	market	NOUN	 market
The fourth tropical storm and the second severe cyclonic storm of the 2000 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, it	it	PRON	developed	VERB	 developed
Key has in the past noted others ' concern at the pace of asset sales, but argued that the	the	DET	arguments	NOUN	 arguments
The community considered a proposal to construct a canal between the lake and the town to be developed into a	a	DET	marina	NOUN	 marina
Users can use text chat and peer to peer VoIP with other users, identify which games their friends and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Animated graphics of turntables, faders and other club equipment were projected behind the dancers and musicians. Beyoncé was	was	AUX	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
This freeway was proposed to be incorporated into the Interstate Highway System in 1970; however, this was denied	denied	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
George started working in wheat and sugar beet fields at the age of eleven and was the valedictorian at his	his	PRON	grammar	NOUN	 grammar
According to his plot, which was to be carried out on July 27, during the festival celebrations for	for	ADP	Santiago	PROPN	 Santiago
The first recorded use of the word as a color term in Old English dates to ca. AD 700	700	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
His devotion to precise spelling was meticulous; for example, having originally used eo and e inconsistently for words	words	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Jäger's report provides an almost daily running total of the liquidations of 137,346 people, the vast majority of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
According to research compiled by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), there were eighteen glaciers atop Mount Kenya	Kenya	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Up to two children under the age of 5 ride free with a chaperone paying full or reduced fare for	for	ADP	themselves	PRON	 themselves
" The sled was sold to an anonymous bidder for $233,500. Welles's Oscar for Best Original Screenplay	Screenplay	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
While not in agreement, Emil Schürer also acknowledged that such a translation can be justified grammatically. According to	to	ADP	Josephus	PROPN	 Josephus
After starting the first three games at right tackle in 1997, Davis was benched in favor of backup Matt	Matt	PROPN	Willig	PROPN	 Willig
The Medway long barrows all conformed to the same general design plan, and are all aligned on an east	east	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
They moved on to sign a deal with MCA Records, to release an album based on the songs,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
Banksia. They have refrained from publishing a full arrangement of Banksia until DNA sampling of Dryandra is complete;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Plaza Sésamo debuted in Mexico on the Televisa network in 1972. According to Sesame Street producer Gregory J. Gettas	Gettas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" A painting constructed with linear perspective is a cross section of that pyramid. In De Prospectiva Pingendi,	,	PUNCT	Piero	PROPN	 Piero
Michael Gambon as Albus Dumbledore, the legendary Hogwarts headmaster and leader of the Order of the Phoenix. Brendan	Brendan	PROPN	Gleeson	PROPN	 Gleeson
Its creators believed that if children were more involved in what they were viewing, they would attend to its	its	PRON	content	NOUN	 content
He was one of Mexico's most wanted drug lords. Very few details are known of Moreno González's	's	PART	early	ADJ	 early
Anionic halide compounds of niobium are well known, owing in part to the Lewis acidity of the pentahalides.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A bond issue for the various construction projects was approved by voters June 24, 1919. Initially, the	the	DET	school	NOUN	 school
The Croatian Mine Action Centre is a public sector body tasked with planning and conducting demining surveys, accepting cleared	cleared	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Historian Adam McLean has suggested that the garden is associated with the Rosicrucians, and " should be seen as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
To escape from the crowds, Presley would climb to the roof of one house and cross over onto the	the	DET	roof	NOUN	 roof
Verdi was to comment in 1868 that Rossini and his followers missed " the golden thread that binds all the	the	DET	parts	NOUN	 parts
Although it declined, construction did not halt. Occupation at Group D in the site core continued while Late	Late	PROPN	Classic	PROPN	 Classic
" Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times expressed a similar sentiment, stating: " Here we have an	an	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Yorkshire did not allocate him to a local club, their practice towards promising cricketers at the time. Hirst	Hirst	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It was only partly successful because of two main reasons. Firstly, some of the successful Filipino sectors ran	ran	VERB	low	ADV	 low
The Albanian government, in agreement with the Commission, had the right to appoint and dismiss governors and upper	upper	ADJ	rank	NOUN	 rank
On the week labeled February 13, 2010, due to radio impact, the song debuted at forty on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 15 October 1918, he was temporarily blinded in a mustard gas attack and was hospitalised in Pasewalk.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Silesius's mystical beliefs caused tension between him and Lutheran authorities and led to his eventual conversion to Catholicism.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In its original American broadcast, " Bart the General " finished 31st place in the weekly ratings for the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
Eagle became immensely popular with people of all ages and walks of life. Copies brought into school regularly found	found	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Ohio is home to major retailers such as Macy's, Elder Beerman, Luxottica, Abercrombie & Fitch Co.	Co.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1868, the Irish natural scientist Edward Perceval Wright obtained several small whale shark specimens in the Seychelles,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
At the time, the West Indies had a practice of picking their captain from the colony that the match	match	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Grammy Awards (Grammys) is an annual ceremony that was established in 1958 and was originally called the	the	DET	Gramophone	PROPN	 Gramophone
However, that was the club's only defeat in the League all season, and Crystal Palace won the	the	DET	championship	NOUN	 championship
The museum then moved to the basement of a theater in Dedham. Explaining the reasoning behind the museum's	's	PART	establishment	NOUN	 establishment
The episode was seen as a take on " Beauty and the Beast ", with Sterling required to wear	wear	VERB	a	DET	 a
They each fired a torpedo at the British cruiser before turning back toward the German line without using their searchlights	searchlights	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
This was the most successful engagement fought by the RAAF over Darwin up to that time, and General MacArthur	MacArthur	PROPN	sent	VERB	 sent
Also participating in the production of TAM and variant components were Argentine companies Military Factories General San Martín (manufacturing	manufacturing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Street Fighter: The Movie used digitized images from the Street Fighter film. While a home video game also	also	ADV	titled	VERB	 titled
She continued to miss all but a handful of shows during the U.S. third leg, including only making it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
In 1934, she published The Red Network — A Who's Who and Handbook of Radicalism for Patriots,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
They were persuaded not to sign the enlistment papers. Instead, Joyce C. Stearns, the head of the	the	DET	physics	PROPN	 physics
The shrine door has some traces of sculpture (a boy, a fat figure, alligators on the frieze	frieze	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As the German offensive ran out of momentum, the battalion kept up the pressure on the German line through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
Patrician Bonus ' galleys rammed and destroyed the Slavic boats; the Avar land assault from 6 to 7 August	August	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Extended Play's Bub mentioned that the advanced settings resulted in slowdown and crashes. Game Informer's Matt Helgeson	Helgeson	PROPN	noticed	VERB	 noticed
A series of solidly constructed cairns currently (September 2009) marks the upper reaches of the Pony Track.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Japan's Computer Entertainment Rating Organization (CERO) rated Ninja Gaiden and Black, on their release, as	as	ADP	18	NUM	 18
Finschhafen was destined to become the new hub of US activity in Papua New Guinea; but an enormous amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This made the gape wide enough to allow Smilodon to grasp large prey despite the long canines. Many Smilodon	Smilodon	PROPN	specimens	NOUN	 specimens
McHale was the show's lead writer for several years, and was the first British writer ever to become	become	VERB	the	DET	 the
He picked up a minor injury in a 1 – 1 draw with Charlton Athletic on 2 February 2010 and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The agency provided $10 million for debris removal and rebuilding public buildings. In December 2002, Typhoon Pongsona	Pongsona	PROPN	struck	VERB	 struck
" Kevin Flynn, in his book on commemorative coins, described the branch on which the owl perches as	as	ADP	that	PRON	 that
The film's premise was influenced by the Marvel Comics storylines Weapon X and God Loves, Man Kills.	.	PUNCT	Filming	NOUN	 Filming
Fox " just barely " renewed the series for a second season. The cost of episodes in season two	two	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The landlord of the Corn Exchange invoked a force majeure condition in the lease to evict all tenants, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Two depictions, from a review of Juba at the Vauxhall Gardens, published in The Puppet Show on August	August	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
After seeing the success of Pong, Konami decided to break into the arcade game market and released its first	first	ADJ	title	NOUN	 title
In 1942 George VI wished to award Coward a knighthood for his efforts, but was dissuaded by Winston Churchill	Churchill	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Neil Roberts of The Sun and Tom Charity of Time Out subscribe to the theory that Betty is Diane's	's	PART	projection	NOUN	 projection
The fungus also decreases the organic carbon and nitrogen concentrations. Soil with the mycelium becomes more podzolized than the	the	DET	surrounding	VERB	 surrounding
In December 1852, the mill complex was valued at £75,000; when George Murray died in 1855,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
Non permanent members will probably be mature citizens who have rendered distinguished public service, or are prominent members of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
His findings led him to dismiss fragments of helmet domes discovered by restorators beneath modern onion domes as post Petrine	Petrine	PROPN	stylisations	NOUN	 stylisations
' " Their fourth album Suck It and See sees the band exploring styles, mixing them with newfound maturity	maturity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The dura, a tough, inflexible tissue, is the outermost of the three layers of the meninges,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In Australia, " Honey " peaked at number eight on the charts, spending a total of 19 weeks	weeks	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
His birth name is Ffamran mied Bunansa, and he is the estranged son of Doctor Cid, one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As she and the pets spend time together, they find the pet shop jeopardized by larger pet store managed	managed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Dr. Sivarama Krishnayya and C.V.V. Panthulu played the role of Rama Rao's father in the Telugu and Tamil versions	versions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In series that saw four of the five ODIs truncated by rain, Harbhajan took five wickets at 29.60 at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
" Agron commented: " Yes, there is a stereotype with these characters and it wouldn't be fair	fair	ADJ	if	SCONJ	 if
" Sunset " was later serviced to American modern rock radio on 28 January 2013. To test if the	the	DET	xx	PRON	 xx
According to the UK Government review, the Burns Inquiry (published in 2000), hare coursing was taking	taking	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
In the days following the crash, a man named Clarence Bean, Jr., claimed that his pregnant girlfriend	girlfriend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In this way, they could vote in state and national elections in the hope of filling the legislature with	with	ADP	legislators	NOUN	 legislators
The Latin Church is part of Western Christianity, a heritage of certain beliefs and customs originating in various European	European	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
They were hunted not only for food, but also for their skins, used to make boats, and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
Further attempts of a pioneer government floundered until the numbers of American increased from travel over the Oregon Trail.	.	PUNCT	Initiated	VERB	 Initiated
Before its collapse in 2003, the bridge was 301 feet (92 m) tall and 2,052 feet (	(	PUNCT	625	NUM	625
Obama then performs the song " Honestly Sincere " from the stage musical and film Bye Bye Birdie. "	"	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
In addition, Finland received Petsamo, with its ice free harbour on the Arctic Ocean. Despite the signing	signing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Crispi promised important measures of land reform for the near future. He was not blind to the misery and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Åkerfeldt later discovered progressive rock and folk music, both of which had a profound impact on the sound of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mr. Blue is actually cellular biologist Dr. Samuel Sterns, who tells Banner he has developed a possible antidote to	to	ADP	Banner	PROPN	 Banner
In 1979, General Foods introduced Pudding Pops, the company's first frozen dessert product. With Cosby as	as	ADP	spokesperson	NOUN	 spokesperson
Nearly 2000 people, including many official guests representing the Israeli and United States governments, came to witness the	the	DET	dedication	NOUN	 dedication
Groups do not defend exclusive territories, but rather several groups have overlapping home ranges. However, if two	two	NUM	groups	NOUN	 groups
Van Gogh stayed within what he called the " guise of reality ", and was critical of overly abstract	abstract	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Thereafter the bridge was captured following a simultaneous assault from both sides. The Italian defenders from the 120th Coastal	Coastal	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
Peterle replaced the head of his campaign, and concentrated on questioning Türk's role in the 1991 secession from	from	ADP	Yugoslavia	PROPN	 Yugoslavia
Compared with the rest of England, the city had an above average proportion of foreign born residents, at	at	ADP	around	ADP	 around
Concert shows were held at Europe, North America, Asia, Australia and Africa. Minogue's costumes and	and	CCONJ	wardrobe	NOUN	 wardrobe
There are primarily two feeding guilds in Lepidoptera – the nectarivorous who obtain the majority of their nutritional requirements from	from	ADP	floral	ADJ	 floral
He came to brief fame in the months preceding the volcano's 1980 eruption after he stubbornly refused to leave	leave	VERB	his	PRON	 his
During these two extended absences, former Miss USA Summer Bartholomew was Stafford's most frequent substitute, with model	model	NOUN	Cynthia	PROPN	 Cynthia
2. " Hot Tottie " is an R & B song with hip hop tones, accompanied by strobing	strobing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They were intercepted by a pair of Fulmars that damaged one bomber badly enough that it crash landed back at	at	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He said that it was " both brimming with narrative yet straining to fill its allotted time. " Adams	Adams	NOUN	argued	VERB	 argued
By the end of May 2003, the government had allocated RS17.29 million (LKR, $180,000 USD)	)	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The only reason why this became an issue is that there is a small but vociferous group of climate '	'	PART	sceptics	NOUN	 sceptics
Murphy is responsible for selecting all of the songs used, and strives to maintain a balance between show tunes	tunes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Autobot and Decepticon Transformers can be customized with parts earned through a ranking system or purchased through the game's	's	PART	marketplace	NOUN	 marketplace
You take great players as you find them. " With Duncan being healthy for 78 games and posting typical	typical	ADJ	20	NUM	 20
Only at Bayreuth could his last work be presented in the way envisaged by him – a tradition maintained by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The route passes to the west of the Winterthur Museum and Country Estate and heads into the community of Centerville	Centerville	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He suffered a stroke on the road between Delden and Nordhorn on 9 June 1727, and was taken by	by	ADP	carriage	NOUN	 carriage
It was not well received on its release; Ganga Bruta was labeled " the worst film of all time	time	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The process is most usually applied to white oak as this wood has a high tannin content. Red oak	oak	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
It is the alternate road for U.S. Route 1 9 (US 1 9) that trucks must use because	because	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Skanderbeg then returned to Barletta where he was reinforced by Ferdinand and his men. He then split his army	army	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
In Sweden, Laundry Service debuted atop the Sverigetopplistan chart and stayed on the top position for three weeks.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The E model is to be fit for maritime operations. The Army has expressed a desire to add extended	extended	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
The stairway had three steps, each with a tread of 0.6 metres (2.0 ft) and a riser	riser	NOUN	measuring	VERB	 measuring
Rudolph had cashed in his $60,000 pension fund to pay debts and he still owed an additional $100,000	100,000	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Ecological science is used in the methods of sustainable harvesting, disease, and fire outbreak management, in fisheries	fisheries	NOUN	stock	NOUN	 stock
The Prussian commander attacked and pushed back Marmont late on 13 February. Nevertheless, the Emperor had read into	into	ADP	his	PRON	 his
When Orion Pictures acquired the rights to many of AIP's titles in the 1980s, they were unable to	to	PART	also	ADV	 also
The warrior swore his father's oath and was met by a cloaked figure known as The Giver, who	who	PRON	guided	VERB	 guided
The government of Mexico issued hurricane warnings for areas of the eastern coast of the Baja California Peninsula and the	the	DET	west	PROPN	 west
To make the game more interesting, Cook added the gumball bombs and tweaked the mechanism that caught them.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The Cape Fear shiner was only discovered in 1962 and described as a distinct species by Franklin F. Snelson,	,	PUNCT	Jr.	PROPN	 Jr.
He was awarded a Master of Arts degree from George Washington University in 1963. In July 1963, he	he	PRON	received	VERB	 received
He also taught a series of twenty lectures on philosophy and psychology at the Pacific Theological Seminary in Berkeley.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
That same day, Rear Admiral Chester Nimitz assumed command of Battleship Division One. Nimitz was relieved on 27	27	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
Both Foraker and Hanna (who died of typhoid fever in February 1904) campaigned for what was dubbed the	the	DET	Four	NUM	 Four
This account was criticised by later biographers as incomplete, selective and self serving, and for providing a distorted	distorted	ADJ	picture	NOUN	 picture
The basic requirements of communal interests gave rise to risk sharing since the dawn of civilization. For example,	,	PUNCT	people	NOUN	 people
Also in the same interview, he named another song called " Señorita ". John Konesky estimated that the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Although Juno was originally intended to open in theaters on December 15, 2007, it was moved forward to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
Maine is on the southerly edge of the bird's breeding range and with changing weather patterns, this may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The song was mixed by Chris Lord Alge at Resonate Music in Burbank, California and mastered by Bob Ludwig	Ludwig	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
On election day, the Liberals were reduced to three seats in the Nova Scotia legislature. Many believed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She enters a wooden room populated with ' cool kids ' flaunting pink and purple hair while taking whiffs from	from	ADP	an	DET	 an
However, Homer gets recognized by others who take him to the ceremony. Homer arrives in time to see	see	VERB	Angry	PROPN	 Angry
In April 2012, Shalom Life ranked him Number 7 on its list of " Top 50 Hottest Jewish men	men	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1988 the State of Massachusetts acquired 148 acres (60 ha) of the farm, which is now	now	ADV	operated	VERB	 operated
Keith reconnects with Leo D ’ Amato (Max Greenfield), who presents a case involving the Fitzpatricks to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Britten, though a reluctant conductor and a nervous pianist, was greatly sought after in both capacities. The	The	DET	piano	NOUN	 piano
Designed to serve the charter airline market and provide a low cost replacement for the 767 200, the 757	757	PROPN	300	NUM	 300
In colonies of the ant Gnamptogenys menadensis, workers will sometimes mate and lay eggs while others remain as virgins	virgins	NOUN	to	PART	 to
One of the new arrivals, merchant Philip Dimmitt, received a missive from the Goliad customs agent with news	news	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The passenger ferry docks are all situated along Main Street in the downtown area. At the northeastern end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The outside of the loop is left clean and unprotected, so erosion accelerates, further increasing the meandering in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Ken Capobianco of the Boston Globe complimented the song's braggadocio along with " I Invented Sex ", however	however	ADV	commented	VERB	 commented
Sessions, Hopkins, and others coordinated their efforts to lose evidence, threaten potential witnesses, and discredit those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
The bar has the same shape as the bar in the Elvis mansion as well. The music played here	here	ADV	changes	NOUN	 changes
Dean is prepared to leave her behind to die, but Sam comes up with a plan to save Bela	Bela	PROPN	's	PART	's
After receiving a commission to make a short film for the Vancouver based cooperative Cineworks, Hoolboom began working on	on	ADP	realising	VERB	 realising
Cartoon Network chief content officer Rob Sorcher explained that the network allowed this because the company was " dealing with	with	ADP	artists	NOUN	 artists
In 1958, the director of The New York Botanical Garden, William Jacob Robbins, recruited Rogerson for the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
The Orkneyinga Saga suggests the islands were Christianised by Olav Tryggvasson in 995 when he stopped at South Walls on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
During that period, Jennings released the successful album Will the Wolf Survive. He toured less after 1997 to	to	PART	spend	VERB	 spend
A month after the plan's establishment, Public Service Alliance of Canada Prairies Regional Executive Vice President Marianne Hladun	Hladun	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Years later, the film maker Jacques Tati called the piece " a foundation for everything that has been realised	realised	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Although it appears that squab pie did originally contain pigeons, mutton and apples have been used as a substitute	substitute	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
In some circumstances, the conduct of the defendant can be a factor in determining the unreasonableness of their interference	interference	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Grover Cleveland spanked me on two non consecutive occasions, " referring to Grover Cleveland, the only president to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
In 1929, he was sent back to England for school. He graduated in 1931, having earned an	an	DET	Oxford	PROPN	 Oxford
Brown's first match as manager was against the newly crowned world champions England at Wembley Stadium. Despite being	being	AUX	underdogs	NOUN	 underdogs
When he refuses, she steals the key to the gun case from Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) and	and	CCONJ	holds	VERB	 holds
Other peoples also accepted Christianity: the Heruli, the Huns dwelling near the Don, the Abasgi, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Crop losses were extensive, with the storm striking close to harvest time. Heavy rains from the storm,	,	PUNCT	peaking	VERB	 peaking
Other diseases that may be related include measles, mumps and rubella. Smoking has been shown to be an	an	DET	independent	ADJ	 independent
They also had the inexperienced William Woof, Carleton Haynes and Edward Wright, all of whom made their first	first	ADJ	class	NOUN	 class
However, then Canucks General Manager Brian Burke already possessed the third overall pick and through a series of transactions	transactions	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
It was ranked at number 13 on the Billboard 2005 year end Hot Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC charts	charts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For example, the Gila River – formerly one of the Colorado's largest tributaries – contributes little more than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
According to Brookes, the influence of Shrewsbury School affected Cardus to the extent that " [t] he	he	PRON	playing	VERB	 playing
" Assouline described Hergé as " the personification of Belgium ". 1971: Adamson Awards, Sweden 1972:	:	PUNCT	Yellow	PROPN	 Yellow
The term Army of India was instituted to refer to the overall command structure which included both the British and	and	CCONJ	Indian	PROPN	 Indian
The membership of the council was increased from 68 (51 councillors and 17 aldermen) to 104 (78	78	NUM	councillors	NOUN	 councillors
Young Mark attended the local public school, which conducted class in the basement of the Presbyterian church. He	He	PRON	competed	VERB	 competed
In October 2009, the Bhutanese government planned construction works of an airstrip in Yongphulla. The airstrip, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
However, Kepler 11 is much older than the Sun, with an estimated age of 8 (± 2	2	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The name was taken from a previous residence that Moffat lived in during the late 1990s. Larry describes the	the	DET	residence	NOUN	 residence
One newspaper reported that Rix Nicholas's entry had been one of the top three. Rix Nicholas was furious	furious	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
According to The Wall Street Journal, the authority " struggled for survival " in the face of opposition from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
He broke three ribs and an iron bar attached to the post became so lodged in his backbone that it	it	PRON	took	VERB	 took
The Thorold Tunnel was designed to carry a divided four lane road beneath the canal, bypassing the swinging bridge	bridge	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The high terrain disrupted its circulation, causing it to weaken to a tropical depression around 2100 UTC on August	August	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
In September 2015, the iPad Pro was announced, which included a 12.9 inch screen. In March 2016	2016	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on June 12, 1985	1985	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In central Europe, these tree pollens are the second most common cause of allergic conditions after grass pollen.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Passage of this policy was intended to give faculty more academic freedom and strengthen the university's industry partnerships.	.	PUNCT	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Some of these appear to have been built within the ramparts of earlier hillforts, which had been abandoned for	for	ADP	some	DET	 some
It rises in the Peak District on Bleaklow just east of Glossop and flows through the Upper Derwent Valley with	with	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Further south, the road leading southeast from the city of Cortland, through Greene at the Chenango River,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Gracie killed 10 people in South Carolina and Georgia, mainly due to wind and rain induced automobile accidents,	,	PUNCT	falling	VERB	 falling
" Also made by the duo during the K Foundation's existence, reported by the NME as a K	K	PROPN	Foundation	PROPN	 Foundation
Japeth was written specifically for Benjy Gaither, the son of gospel music singers Bill and Gloria Gaither. He	He	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The deeper the foundations needed to be, the greater the challenge. Special water tight boxes called caissons were	were	AUX	invented	VERB	 invented
Most of these officers rose from the ranks, and there are references in the De Administrando Imperio to first	first	ADJ	oarsmen	NOUN	 oarsmen
The events around the expulsion of the Jesuits (the Extrañamiento) are depicted in Fritz Hochwälder's play Das	Das	PROPN	heilige	NOUN	 heilige
Landmarks featured in Fallout: New Vegas are the Hoover Dam, which supplies power to the New Vegas strip	strip	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The comics were well received by critics, many praising the humor and style of the stories and characters.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The prototype was designated IK 1, with the " IK " standing for (Ljubomir) Ilić and Kosta	Kosta	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 1949, Longyearbyen received telephone service with the mainland via a radio connection between Svalbard Radio and Harstad.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Recorded and released in January 1994 under the name Blink, it was the band's first recording to be	be	AUX	sold	VERB	 sold
Recent historiography focuses on greater similarities with the Greek alphabet than in the other Caucasian writing systems, most notably	notably	ADV	the	DET	 the
In their second innings, Australia was still 177 runs in arrears with three wickets down when Syd Gregory joined	joined	VERB	Trott	PROPN	 Trott
A disused carriage gate further up the hill was probably a tradesman's entrance to the school or to the	the	DET	Lodge	PROPN	 Lodge
The player's character can collect " power ups " which may afford the character greater protection, an "	"	PUNCT	extra	ADJ	 extra
The Confession remains, according to the 1929 Declaratory Articles, the Church of Scotland's " principal subordinate standard	standard	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Color vision in strepsirrhines is not as well understood; however, research indicates a range of color vision similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Characterizing the character, ABC noted her competitiveness, ambition, and intelligence as her main traits, while her	her	PRON	aggressive	ADJ	 aggressive
It flows between Nescopeck Mountain and McCauley Mountain. Nearly all of Scotch Run's length is within 1,640 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He also sketched out a political career path beginning with the state legislature and culminating in a spot in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Doctor Phlox soon determines that they were infected by a mutagenic virus, and concludes that T ' Pol's	's	PART	Vulcan	ADJ	 Vulcan
Jovovich's fight against the Mangalores was nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight, and the actress	actress	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He participated in the Battle of Flers Courcelette, which began on 15 September, and was wounded. Promoted	Promoted	VERB	to	AUX	 to
Rau grew up in a suburb of Stuttgart, where early on he became active in socialist youth organizations.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
McKidd said of this: " You know, I think, at the end of the day, [	[	X	Owen	X	Owen
These defects are repaired in the break induced replication (BIR) pathway of homologous recombination. The precise molecular	molecular	ADJ	mechanisms	NOUN	 mechanisms
It has a long entrance front consisting of a three storey central block with lateral wings, each of which	which	PRON	has	VERB	 has
Compared to rival World Wrestling Entertainment's Vengeance PPV event held on June 26, Slammiversary was rated higher:	:	PUNCT	Sokol	PROPN	 Sokol
On the other hand, others thought the music felt forced. Inevitably, almost all reviews, both positive	positive	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
He traded with the indigenous peoples, and, according to a tradition reported by Meginness (1892),	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Colin McGuire of PopMatters felt that " If I Were a Boy " was the highlight of the first disc	disc	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though Carson received hundreds of other speaking invitations, she was unable to accept the great majority of them.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
Fortune West started his career with Eastern Counties League side Tiptree United, and played for four more non League	League	PROPN	sides	NOUN	 sides
The ship and its contents have a powerful and malign influence over many of those who come in contact with	with	ADP	it	PRON	 it
By the time Philadelphia swept the Mets at Shea Stadium in mid September, the Phillies were threatening to move	move	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Manufactured by Intaride (a subsidiary of Intamin), the ride reaches a maximum height of 335 feet (	(	PUNCT	102	NUM	102
Nourizadeh stated " when you have real material being shot by real people, it then kind of feels like	like	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The long construction period affected the uniformity of design hoped for by Hanson, as did the fact that building	building	NOUN	plots	NOUN	 plots
In an interview with Eric R. Danton of Hartford Courant, Jean was asked about her reaction when she heard	heard	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Its stripped down Classical Revival style shows the influence of Art Deco in its smooth, finished surfaces. The	The	DET	enameled	ADJ	 enameled
The joy of Prison Break has been the writers. They're great and they forever challenged me, which	which	PRON	makes	VERB	 makes
Another feature that was emulated was not so successful. Impressed by the ease with which the Virginia had sunk	sunk	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The agent in charge of SOE Africa station submitted a report to the head of SOE Colin Gubbins reflecting	reflecting	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The 138 millimeter (5.4 in) gun was 21 calibres long and weighed 2.63 long tons (2.67 t	t	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The film, panned by Roger Ebert and the New York Times, was a major success in Japan.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Fukunaga was formally appointed as director after Iñárritu pulled out of the project because of film commitments. In preparation	preparation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It was to be a large scale, full length work for the Paris Opéra, but Ravel's final	final	ADJ	illness	NOUN	 illness
The Chevron CRUSH process, which was researched by Chevron Corporation in partnership with Los Alamos National Laboratory, injects	injects	VERB	heated	VERB	 heated
Her keel was laid down in October 1893 and she was launched in September 1897; work was completed in	in	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton both served as executive producers. The film was co directed by Lee Unkrich and	and	CCONJ	David	PROPN	 David
On September 23 the all white jury acquitted both defendants after a 67 minute deliberation; one juror said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Conditions above the studio floor were often dangerous due to the heat and smoke. Although many of the exhaust	exhaust	ADJ	sound	ADJ	 sound
When writing a piece on The Script in August 2008, Brian Boyd of The Irish Times claimed that they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Her sister ship Temes was transferred to Romania and renamed Ardeal. In 1925 – 26, Sava was refitted	refitted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Originally named the Blackstone Theatre, it was founded in 1910. The Merle Reskin Theatre is now part of	of	ADP	DePaul	PROPN	 DePaul
Under his leadership, the state's community colleges were placed under the governance of the university. Four state	state	NOUN	colleges	NOUN	 colleges
The first stable compound of argon was reported in 2000 when argon fluorohydride (HArF) was formed at a	a	DET	temperature	NOUN	 temperature
As a result, it has been seen as articulating the concerns of this group in both style and lyrics	lyrics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They learn to balance getting the job done and helping the group, and learn to continually assess their level	level	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After birth the newborn young climbs unaided by its mother from the birth canal to the pouch. When it	it	PRON	reaches	VERB	 reaches
It is in the field of view of the Kepler Mission, a NASA operation purposed with finding Earth like	like	ADP	planets	NOUN	 planets
On the penultimate lap, Barrichello lined up his car to attempt a pass, but Blundell defended his position	position	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After the war, George was assigned to the 49th Bombardment Squadron at Kelly Field, Texas. On July	July	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
After World War II, Nordmann joined Mercedes Benz in 1950, initially working in sales. He later became	became	VERB	head	NOUN	 head
After a short halt to leave their baggage train behind and form a battle line the Persian army quickly advanced	advanced	VERB	on	ADP	 on
At the centre are Saint Andrew (with an X cross), Saint Peter (with a key)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A similar bill passed the House of Representatives on September 12, differing from the Senate bill in lacking any	any	DET	provision	NOUN	 provision
US 295 succeeded PSH 3 during the 1964 state highway renumbering, but was decommissioned in 1968 before the new	new	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
French forces had taken over southern Spain and forced the Supreme Junta to seek refuge in the island city of	of	ADP	Cadiz	PROPN	 Cadiz
Jones was completely blind in his right eye, and had likely suffered his injury prior to his tenure as	as	ADP	Clerk	PROPN	 Clerk
The Panthers football team plays home games at FIU Stadium nicknamed " The Cage " and are currently coached by	by	ADP	Ron	PROPN	 Ron
Julius Seelye Bixler reviewed the book twice, in 1952 and 1953. In his first review he wrote that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
German night fighters would not be equipped with such devices on a large scale until much later. A legend	legend	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Deep Purple's members were experienced musicians with different musical backgrounds: Lord had trained in classical music and had	had	AUX	played	VERB	 played
After passing Maple Avenue in the Jewish village of Kaser, NY 306 becomes Monsey – Ladentown Road for the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
According to Gartner, while Paxata is an early entrant into the market, many startups and large corporations are	are	AUX	making	VERB	 making
It contained copies of letters written to business associates as well as friends from 1795 to 1809. His letters	letters	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It features house band Booker T. & the M.G. ' s, pianist Isaac Hayes, and the brass section	section	NOUN	The	DET	 The
The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913. The U 7 class was seen by the Austro Hungarian	Hungarian	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
This he continued to do for some minutes; then, as if satisfied that the bones must be crushed	crushed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Rabbi Joseph Schwarz (1850) who had lived in Palestine for 16 years, identified the village of Abulnita	Abulnita	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The governor's opponents, however, countered with their own plan in which each school board would retain the	the	DET	right	NOUN	 right
Later that night, Edge legitimately injured his left pectoral muscle after Kane, who was disguised as a character	character	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Towards the end of the 18th century rows of two storey brick terraced houses were built at the west end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She created all of the pieces in just six months and they all sold well. After completing the successful	successful	ADJ	showing	NOUN	 showing
Blancornelas was taken to the hospital on November 19 after his son confessed that his father had a lung defect	defect	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
However, after Rowling prodded the filmmakers to include him, saying, " You know, I wouldn't	n't	PART	[	PUNCT	 [
Two days later, Sulayman led his fleet into the Bosphorus and the various squadrons began anchoring by the European	European	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The war made Gerry sufficiently wealthy that when it ended he sold off his merchant interests, and began investing	investing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She sold roughly 500,000 shares of Enron ten minutes to thirty minutes before the information that Enron was collapsing went	went	VERB	public	ADJ	 public
US 206 becomes a three lane road with one northbound lane and two southbound lanes as it comes to the	the	DET	Red	PROPN	 Red
" To a lesser extent, critics also discussed the lesbian aspect. Martin felt that the lesbian element of	of	ADP	12	NUM	 12
" Ironically, Woolfolk's 43 carry record was broken in 1988 by Jamie Morris, the same player who	who	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Sonic and his friends help Blaze realize the meaning of friendship and she turns into Burning Blaze — apparently her	her	PRON	answer	NOUN	 answer
Within minutes the flames had ascended the rigging and set the vast sails alight. The nearest British ships,	,	PUNCT	Swiftsure	PROPN	 Swiftsure
The postwar economic boom was ending and the increasingly globalized and integrated world economy was becoming inhospitable to national development	development	NOUN	operating	VERB	 operating
The next morning, 1 April, the Australians extended across the Kero Creek and advanced north to the Puriata	Puriata	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
(December 4, 1923 – March 31, 2014) was an American athlete, lawyer, real estate	estate	NOUN	developer	NOUN	 developer
Although Max insisted von Neumann attend school at the grade level appropriate to his age, he agreed to hire	hire	VERB	private	ADJ	 private
It is one of the most endangered mammal species in the neotropics. Habitat degradation and loss is the greatest	greatest	ADJ	current	ADJ	 current
Lindwall won the match for the Australians with his bowling, taking 11 / 59. After winning the toss	toss	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She began to undertake public duties during World War II, serving in the Auxiliary Territorial Service. In 1947	1947	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
CFMI was made responsible for the day to day decision making for the project, while major decisions (developing	developing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Maintenance of the attractive palace, however, which has painted walls and glass work and intricate woodwork, has	has	AUX	not	PART	 not
The incumbent, Malcolm Turnbull, was defeated by Tony Abbott in a three way vote of Liberal Party Members	Members	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Detached objects have also been referred to in the scientific literature as extended scattered disc objects (E SDO)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
From the 1950s to the 1970s, Indian enterprises, such as Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL),	,	PUNCT	Nuclear	PROPN	 Nuclear
In 1998, the cover images from The Sandman were released as one compiled volume titled Dustcovers: The Collected	Collected	PROPN	Sandman	PROPN	 Sandman
For Takemitsu, as he explained later in a lecture in 1988, one performance of Japanese traditional music stood	stood	VERB	out	ADP	 out
" Several other white residents of Sumner hid black residents of Rosewood and smuggled them out of town. Gainesville	Gainesville	PROPN	's	PART	's
Saṃkramaṇa (transformation) – It is the mutation or conversion of one sub type of karmas into another sub	sub	NOUN	type	NOUN	 type
He is believed to be an incarnation of the god Lugh, who is also his father. His mother	mother	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Taj Mahal, built in Agra between 1631 and 1648 by orders of Emperor Shah Jahan in memory of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
2. " Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up " first appeared on Jeff Simmons ' album of the same	same	ADJ	name	NOUN	 name
These colors were introduced by the rowing team in 1876, who deemed blue and gray " appropriate colors for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
As the man is leaving, his boat overturns. Unable to swim, he is in danger of drowning	drowning	NOUN	until	SCONJ	 until
Despite the group being a specialist night strike unit which had high expertise in night navigation, only four of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chapman wanted his friend Keith Moon to play a co lead role alongside him, but Moon could not pass	pass	VERB	an	DET	 an
Edmond of Renault was the only competitor whose retirement was the result of driver injury. The top three finishers	finishers	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
For example, at the fighting at Sultan Yakoub, during the 1982 Lebanon War, the Israeli government claimed	claimed	VERB	to	PART	 to
" LGBT rights activists, human rights activists, and other critics stated that the broad and vague wording of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The supernova was previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5 + 2223 as part of Hubble's	's	PART	Frontier	PROPN	 Frontier
The consequent hostilities between the two foster brothers ended with Bolli Þorleiksson killing Kjartan, and then he in turn	turn	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
Shueisha released Cobra in kanzenban form with the title Space Adventure Cobra: Handy Edition — which included volumes one	one	NUM	through	ADP	 through
Using a combination of previously published Hubble Space Telescope measurements and new theoretical models, Barman found strong evidence for	for	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
Bär in this case derives from the Latin berum, meaning " weir ", and it was apparently named	named	VERB	for	ADP	 for
As predicted by general relativity, the presence of a mass deforms spacetime in such a way that the paths	paths	NOUN	taken	VERB	 taken
. The two teamed together in mixed tag team matches, usually against Jimmy Wang Yang and Torrie Wilson or	or	CCONJ	Chuck	PROPN	 Chuck
The site later named the episode one of the ten additional installments of the series that illustrates that " emotional	emotional	ADJ	complexity	NOUN	 complexity
After returning to China later that year, he signed his Professional contract with Chinese Basketball Association side Guangdong Southern	Southern	PROPN	Tigers	PROPN	 Tigers
His brother Brian played lacrosse at Hofstra. He also has a younger brother Christopher and younger sister Elizabeth.	.	PUNCT	Trombino	PROPN	 Trombino
In his book Home and Away Special, said that Frank had was " streetwise " by the age of	of	ADP	eight	NUM	 eight
Drogba also became the first player to score in three League Cup finals and the first to score in three	three	NUM	consecutive	ADJ	 consecutive
Rudimentary training was undertaken at Bellvue, Western Australia, and at the end of October it sailed from Fremantle	Fremantle	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Westminster City Council have said that Bond Street has the highest density of haute couture stores anywhere in the world	world	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Polio is one of only two diseases currently the subject of a global eradication program, the other being Guinea	Guinea	PROPN	worm	NOUN	 worm
The 22nd Guards Brigade was soon withdrawn, and the division was assigned the 14th and 23rd Infantry Brigade.	.	PUNCT	Here	ADV	 Here
Adults have forewings that are yellowish brown in color and have a dark spot located in the center of their	their	PRON	body	NOUN	 body
Du Bois insisted that artists recognize their moral responsibilities, writing that " a black artist is first of all	all	DET	a	DET	 a
It is the organization for the command elements of the 10th Mountain Division. The Battalion contains the Division's	's	PART	senior	ADJ	 senior
However, Clink is credited with engineering the drums on two of the album's tracks: " The Shortest	Shortest	PROPN	Straw	PROPN	 Straw
No. 120 (Netherlands East Indies) Squadron, which had arrived in May 1944, operating Kittyhawks,	,	PUNCT	remained	VERB	 remained
In a 2002 – 2004 storyline, Eve relies more on Julian as Liz attempted to expose her and seduce	seduce	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Named for First Lieutenant John Trout Greble, the first West Point graduate killed in the U.S. Civil War,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Fico was also a hurricane for 17 days, which also broke the record set by Celeste of 1972 with	with	ADP	10	NUM	 10
The threat claimed that the attack would be carried out on October 22, the final day of the Muslim	Muslim	ADJ	holy	ADJ	 holy
In 1884 Tchaikovsky began to shed his unsociability and restlessness. That March, Tsar Alexander III conferred upon him	him	PRON	the	DET	 the
That script would have reimagined Dr. Caligari as a former Nazi officer and war criminal, but the film was	was	AUX	never	ADV	 never
He was again nominated for two BAFTA Awards in 2009: a Television Award for his work on Doctor Who	Who	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Lavigne launched a third fragrance, Wild Rose, in August 2011 and filmed the commercial for it in late	late	ADJ	2010	NUM	 2010
Attempting to advance the case for Southern Rhodesian independence, particularly in the event of Federal dissolution, the Southern	Southern	PROPN	Rhodesian	ADJ	 Rhodesian
It took seven attempts, more than $3 million, and two years for the railroad, the CDC	CDC	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Mayhap some burly British trooper, quart ­ ered in the improvised barracks of the old State House [during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
At 03: 00 on 2 July the Allied advance guard began to break camp for the march towards Donauwörth	Donauwörth	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Boyd became the third President of West Georgia College in 1961 after William H. Row died of a heart attack	attack	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There also exist hatt ı hümayuns expressing the sultan's opinions or even his feelings on certain matters. For	For	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
Orléans and the Duke of Burgundy were in the pro Visconti faction while the anti Visconti faction included Isabeau,	,	PUNCT	her	PRON	 her
This rivalry expired especially early, and the two teams did not meet after 1901. The University of Minnesota	Minnesota	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
He was paid $7.5 million for his work. Casey Affleck as Charlie Gibbs The building concierge and Josh	Josh	PROPN	's	PART	's
He characterised it as mostly successful in its aims, and summarised it as a " memorable " and "	"	PUNCT	well	ADV	 well
Potocki wanted the Sejm to be the strongest branch of government. Kołłątaj wanted a " gentle " revolution,	,	PUNCT	carried	VERB	 carried
After an absence of ten years, and almost 30 years after the 1983 movie Big Bird in China,	,	PUNCT	53	NUM	 53
Persona was mentioned in 1999 by GameSpot's Andrew Vestal as a game that deserved attention despite not aging well	well	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The letters demanded the immediate removal of the key and any links to it, citing the anti circumvention provisions	provisions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the Decembers of 1916 and 1917, German overtures to the British for truces were recorded without any success	success	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Bauer, Brand said at various points that he was advised he could " take [his]	]	X	time	NOUN	 time
Quisling would serve as acting prime minister and ten of the thirteen " cabinet " ministers were to come from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Pennington, Westleigh and Bedford were three of the six townships or vills that made up the ancient parish of	of	ADP	Leigh	PROPN	 Leigh
Cythera, the southernmost, is just off the southern tip of the Peloponnese and Corfu, the northernmost,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
The books were reinstated after a public outcry. In 2002, in York, Pennsylvania, local parent Deb	Deb	PROPN	DiEugenio	PROPN	 DiEugenio
The episode features a guest appearance from James Marsters as Captain John Hart, Captain Jack's former colleague and	and	CCONJ	lover	PROPN	 lover
They became like a working thing for the album. " For his new band Morrison brought back three musicians	musicians	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
These programs were chosen due to their community outreach programs, as the school plans to create a community atmosphere	atmosphere	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
By doing this, it mediates different physiological effects including recognition of opsonized particles (binding to FcγR),	,	PUNCT	lysis	NOUN	 lysis
The task force returned to the Marshalls 19 February. Between 17 March and 10 April, New Jersey first	first	ADV	sailed	VERB	 sailed
Hinduism, often regarded as the oldest religion in the world, traces its roots to prehistoric times in India	India	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These species are thought to be nuisance to boaters because they slow down the ship if they are attached to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jemima tells her life story to Maria and Darnford, explaining that she was born a bastard. Jemima's	's	PART	mother	NOUN	 mother
Holtz assumed control of a program that won just three games in its past 25 contests. Skip signed 23	23	NUM	athletes	NOUN	 athletes
Michael Kilian of the Chicago Tribune published an article on October 7, 1992, regarding the then upcoming release	release	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was here that he became fascinated to the point of obsession with tessellation, explaining: It remains an	an	DET	extremely	ADV	 extremely
Initially, Bornemann conceived this auditorium in the form of an amphitheatre, with a central orchestra podium and surrounding	surrounding	VERB	audience	NOUN	 audience
Malayan Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman made a first visit on 1958 which was reciprocated twice by the South Vietnamese	Vietnamese	ADJ	President	PROPN	 President
" Joss Whedon did state that the show would be autonomous from The Avengers, saying " It's got	got	VERB	ta	PART	 ta
They caused only minor damage, although one 12 inch shell, which pierced a boiler uptake, could have	have	AUX	disabled	VERB	 disabled
This rating specifies that the ride will have " high speeds and / or heights, aggressive and unexpected forces	forces	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At this point, the depression had a weak circulation and ragged convection. An anticyclone to its north caused	caused	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Militia are the civilian military of the Frontier and the resistance against IMC use of colony resources. Their	Their	PRON	most	ADV	 most
The eyes are located on top of the ants ' head, and they are noticeably distant from the mandibles	mandibles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In March 1902, she arrived at Portsmouth for a refit that included the provision of casemates for her upper	upper	ADJ	deck	NOUN	 deck
The British director Christopher Nolan had seen the fort featured in the series and decided that he wanted to set	set	VERB	the	DET	 the
He then won his first event of the season, the Westcoast Curling Classic, against McEwen. He next	next	ADV	participated	VERB	 participated
Virgil (David Holliday) arrives in Thunderbird 2 and scatters the alligators with aircraft's vertical landing jets.	.	PUNCT	Alan	PROPN	 Alan
Super Smash Bros. Melee generally received a positive reception from reviewers, most of whom credited Melee's expansion of	of	ADP	gameplay	NOUN	 gameplay
In a two hour engagement that took place after hours of manoeuvring, the lines of the two fleets did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
The guns had a maximum range of 10,700 m (11,700 yd). Blücher was also equipped with four	four	NUM	45	NUM	 45
In 1971, Ellis testified before the United States Senate Subcommittee on Public Health about his experiences with sickle cell	cell	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It is likely that his third claim may have been No. 37 Squadron Wellington 1A N2396, LF J	J	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Dima Grazhdankin believes that these fossils represent burrowing organisms, while Guy Narbonne maintains they were surface dwellers. These	These	DET	beds	NOUN	 beds
" Two other ex presidents from the Social Democratic Party, Tarja Halonen and Mauno Koivisto, have publicly opposed	opposed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although the gardens thrived in their early years, by 1842 Jennison was in financial difficulties, and on 13	13	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
SFScope contributor Sarah Stegall believed the episode " got us quickly back on track after last week's lackluster tale	tale	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to the damage at Everglades National Park, effects in Monroe County were significant, especially in the	the	DET	Upper	PROPN	 Upper
He commented that Spears incorporated the moves learned during rehearsals, but also incorporated " her own flavor ",	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Its sugar cane fields and papaya crops suffered extensive damage. The Belizian Government's National Emergency Management Organization estimated	estimated	VERB	Dean	PROPN	 Dean
She continued: " He's a veterinarian with a great sense of humanity and a very unique take on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Declaration of Principles contains the following broad provisions: Any person or organization detecting a signal should try to	to	PART	verify	VERB	 verify
These risk factors are smoking, hypertension (high blood pressure) and excessive alcohol consumption. Having smoked in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The filly regularly ran last. The horse was eligible for the Coronation Futurity Stakes, one of the best	best	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
All the prisoners recovered from the procedure. To test its protective effect one of them, a nineteen year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
The DVD features Adams, and his backing band, rehearsing the material from the album. It also contains	contains	VERB	behind	ADP	 behind
" In 2015, he filmed Florence Foster Jenkins, a film directed by Stephen Frears, alongside Meryl Streep	Streep	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He never got past the tryout phase. After his freshman year, he transferred to Miami University in Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Kalika Purana describes him carrying a sword in right hand and a whip in his left, seated on a	a	DET	white	ADJ	 white
She emerged from the battle completely unscathed. After Jutland, Hannover went into dock for periodic maintenance on 4	4	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
Vachss was an attorney specializing in child abuse cases, as well as a crime novelist best known for his	his	PRON	series	NOUN	 series
He revived the ancient May Day festival in the town, and was a leading figure in the establishment of	of	ADP	Keswick	PROPN	 Keswick
The game effectively is a port of both Crazy Taxi and Crazy Taxi 2 to this system without any changes	changes	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
With the situation in Europe and Asia relatively stable, Germany, Japan, and the Soviet Union made preparations	preparations	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The substation had a caisson foundation designed to carry the weight of a future building of 25 stories containing 600,000	600,000	NUM	sq	NOUN	 sq
" Kicks " became the band's first Canadian number one single when it topped the Canadian Singles Chart in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
The track " Drowning Pool " by The Walls, which played over the opening credit sequence, is not	not	PART	included	VERB	 included
They then run into the real Hitler, who orders their execution, but they escape on the return pad	pad	NOUN	back	ADV	 back
In the Second Test at Lord's, Australia elected to bat first and England made an ideal start.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Following a rebuffed takeover attempt in 1997 of W H Smith, Tim Waterstone became part of the deal and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
She delivered supplies to Sasebo before returning to Singapore to begin a refit. Unicorn resumed her duties in December	December	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
But at the same time the tunnel itself was draining away the local farmers ' natural irrigation, and the	the	DET	source	NOUN	 source
Preceding this change, elements of the British media had ridiculed Harrison's continued association with the Hare Krishna movement	movement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Although it is unknown when his symptoms began, Renoir was known to suffer from rheumatoid arthritis from at	at	ADV	least	ADJ	 least
In later series, as usable material from the books began to run out, there was a progression towards	towards	ADP	more	ADV	 more
The launch was delayed until the following day at 11 am. Both of the stations were designed by a	a	DET	team	NOUN	 team
P. terminalis grows to 1.5 metres (5 feet), with an upright or spreading habit, and narrow	narrow	ADJ	short	ADJ	 short
However, for Charles Singer, " Nothing is more remarkable than [Aristotle's] efforts to [exhibit	exhibit	VERB	]	PUNCT	]
" Old Etonian W. P. Wormald was forbidden from joining the crew by doctors, his replacement Stanley Bruce had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
During the autumn and winter, British forces were collected from across the Caribbean at Fort Royal, Martinique,	,	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
This signified the importance and prestige of the exhibition in the trade and was a recognition of Wren's quality	quality	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was just about a couple of licensed DC characters that didn't really relate to the real world in	in	ADP	any	DET	 any
Since the Hassan industrial estate in Irbid, where Salah had factories located, was situated far from the bordering	bordering	VERB	areas	NOUN	 areas
" Alternative Press gave the album a rating of four out of five stars, while The New York Times	Times	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
The use of the middle finger has become pervasive in popular culture. The band Cobra Starship released a song	song	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
The fifth anthology collection is Super Comic Theater: Tales of Symphonia. It consisted of two volumes which were	were	AUX	released	VERB	 released
The larvae hatch after eight days at the earliest, but in some exterior conditions, they may remain in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Washburn writes that mastering the game comes with the mastering of the cultural knowledge of Spira to unlock skills and	and	CCONJ	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
With her colours rehoisted, Achille then made what sail she could in an attempt to join Villaret to the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
One in particular, a dress consisting of pork chops, is a parody of the singer's meat dress	dress	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Redemption also features the Cappadocian clan; the Society of Leopold — modern day vampire hunters; the Assamite clan	clan	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The authorities include writers Harry Altham, John Arlott, Derek Birley, Arthur Haygarth, David Underdown, Roy	Roy	PROPN	Webber	PROPN	 Webber
The actions of the regiment during the initial landing also gained the division its second Medal of Honor, when	when	SCONJ	Private	PROPN	 Private
However, according to a recent Billboard article, it seems likely that he may in fact become the vocalist	vocalist	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Both of these coordinates, r (t) and θ1 (t), change with time t as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was delivered by Ryan Giggs and the ball was flicked on by Roy Keane at the near post –	–	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
" In the years when the Deccan Traps theory was linked to a slower extinction, Luis Alvarez (who	who	PRON	died	VERB	 died
West of the castle is a later shieling, the earthwork remains of a longhouse. South of this is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Shakib Al Hasan claimed four wickets, and England batting 50 minutes into the fourth morning before declaring on 209	209	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Lehmann's work was continued and significantly expanded by the German chemist Daniel Vorländer, who from the beginning of	of	ADP	20th	ADJ	 20th
After escaping, Tintin discovers a source of underground petroleum. The U.S. army then forces the Natives off their	their	PRON	land	NOUN	 land
" Kelly thought Shen's two faced nature was the main entertainment factor of the missions. Whitehead found the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
As a result, a general strike was called, and on 23 April 1918, work was stopped in	in	ADP	railways	NOUN	 railways
The remaining editions, Enterprise and Education, contain additional features aimed towards business environments, and are only available	available	ADJ	through	ADP	 through
As the regular 2006 season began for the Twins, Nathan started off strong, allowing no runs from the	the	DET	start	NOUN	 start
Known as the Tana volcanic complex, the two features measure 1,170 m (3,839 ft) and 1,093 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Access to the airport terminal is outdoors, but sheltered. The station is located at the terminal of Trondheim	Trondheim	PROPN	Airport	PROPN	 Airport
Author Francis King lived at 17 Montpelier Villas, close to the 5 Powis Grove home of former MP Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Skeffington	PROPN	 Skeffington
The correspondent for The Manchester Guardian described it as " excellent ", and " a great race in the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
Recording for other tracks was done at Ishimoto's studio in Japan. After recording, Ishimoto combined the orchestral	orchestral	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Q * bert's design later included a speech balloon with a string of nonsensical characters, " @!	!	PUNCT	#	X	 #
On the first play of the 4th quarter, the Bills ' Thurman Thomas ran for a 31 yard touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Andy arrives and rebuilds the romantic tent in the yard for a flattered April. Leslie tells Ron about her	her	PRON	mental	ADJ	 mental
The German warships succeeded in sinking 22 merchant ships, although all were sailing independently. However, after their	their	PRON	return	NOUN	 return
Daryle Smith, after being waived in training camp, was re signed to play left tackle. Due to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Writer Lê Quý Đôn described the newfangled outfit as an áo dài (long garment). The members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The delegates therefore agreed in Article One, Section 8, of the United States Constitution to give the Congress	Congress	PROPN	the	DET	 the
She was en route to the steel mill on Zug Island, near Detroit, Michigan, with a cargo	cargo	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In this, the reedbuck raises its neck, exposing the white patch on its throat, but keeping the	the	DET	tail	NOUN	 tail
Use of the parallel Tremont Street Subway was returned exclusively to streetcars. By 1909, the Washington Street Elevated	Elevated	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
On October 20, 2012, a remix of the song featuring a rap verse from American rapper T.I. was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
The sagas tell of drastic precautions being taken after a revenant had appeared. The dead person had to die	die	VERB	anew	ADV	 anew
He then embarked on a trip to Turkey, where he worked to establish a network of misinformation as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
They displaced 23,413 long tons (23,789 t) at standard load. High tensile steel was used throughout the	the	DET	hull	NOUN	 hull
The division was then made part of the fictional British VII Corps, part of the equally fake Fourth Army	Army	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Fleming biographer Andrew Lycett noted that, " within the first few pages [of Casino Royale] Ian had	had	AUX	introduced	VERB	 introduced
Vrba often dismissed the opinion of historians. Regarding the numbers killed at Auschwitz, he said that Bauer and	and	CCONJ	historian	NOUN	 historian
The HNC recommended against the new policy, and the younger officers, led by I Corps commander General Nguyễn	Nguyễn	PROPN	Chánh	PROPN	 Chánh
Long's theories about animal surgery garnered negative attention from the scientific community as well as the literary; biologist	biologist	NOUN	William	PROPN	 William
Doctors told him he would not be able to compete for two months, which meant he would miss the	the	DET	July	PROPN	 July
Which leads them to go to the hospital to gain answers, but it is revealed that Mercedes baby had	had	AUX	died	VERB	 died
The night " Media Blitz " was broadcast, almost all of the comedy shows in NBC's Thursday lineup	lineup	NOUN	lost	VERB	 lost
Warner Bros. invested over $100 million in a marketing campaign for Edge of Tomorrow. The film was initially	initially	ADV	titled	VERB	 titled
The main assault on Musa Qala began at 4 pm on 7 December. Several Taliban were reportedly killed in	in	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
" In contrast, John Nolte of Andrew Breitbart's Big Hollywood wrote, " What MacFarlane ’ s doing	doing	VERB	fits	VERB	 fits
The toothcomb occurs in lemuriform primates (which includes lemurs and lorisoids), treeshrews, colugos, hyraxes,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Slaves could not own property, but their masters often let them save up to purchase their freedom, and	and	CCONJ	records	NOUN	 records
The Gondoliers was Gilbert and Sullivan's last great success. Gilbert and Sullivan sometimes had a strained working relationship	relationship	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Another noteworthy clock, the elaborate Cosmic Engine, was built by Su Song, in 1088. It was	was	AUX	about	ADV	 about
Countries were reluctant to release information collected from military radar because of sensitivity about revealing their capabilities. Indonesia has	has	VERB	an	DET	 an
Sullivan wrote to Hollingshead, saying: " You once settled a precedent for me which may just at present	present	ADJ	be	NOUN	 be
Notable voice actors for the English version include Nolan North, Dave Fennoy, Jon St. John, Ellen McLain	McLain	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In his book Neighbours: 20 years of Ramsay Street, Tony Johnston wrote, " Vilified by ultra	ultra	ADJ	conservative	ADJ	 conservative
Hebel remained unmarried all his life, although in later years he adored the actress Henriette Hendel Schütz. In	In	ADP	1791	NUM	 1791
Much of a temple's economic support came from its own resources. These included large tracts of land beyond	beyond	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thereafter, Caffo moved towards the south of Anglesey, where he was killed by shepherds from the area now	now	ADV	called	VERB	 called
This was, of course, critical to a project in which Janet assumed the role of mouthpiece for a	a	DET	nationless	ADJ	 nationless
The highway was completed in less than a year; even after the workers involved in its construction departed,	,	PUNCT	population	NOUN	 population
The practice of translocating koalas became commonplace; Victorian State manager Peter Menkorst estimated that from 1923 to 2006,	,	PUNCT	about	ADV	 about
At the time when the wireless network was under consideration, various other American cities already had such networks or	or	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Negative pressure suction (at low pressures of – 10 to – 20 cmH2O) at a high flow rate	rate	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
These are contrasted with more positive reactions to Greece and Western Europe as the centre of civilising and orderly life	life	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Myrtle's husband, George, falsely concludes that the driver of the yellow car is the secret lover he	he	PRON	recently	ADV	 recently
Williamson had a history of indecisiveness: in 1779, while a junior officer on Captain James Cook's voyage	voyage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The regulars took up strong positions on the hills of Charlestown. Some of them had been without sleep for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The internal load power rating may also limit operation on the coupled line. Accuracy of coupling factor depends on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The plan of attack required the force to move west from positions held near Masan, seize the Chinju Pass	Pass	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
December 8 saw the X with Orchestra concert at NHK Hall, where, as the name suggests, the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
In Dibble's view some of the concertante works such as the First Piano Concerto (1894) and the	the	DET	Violin	PROPN	 Violin
For some people, harming themselves can be a means of drawing attention to the need for help and to	to	PART	ask	VERB	 ask
Systemins are highly conserved between species, whereas HypSys are more divergent but all contain a conserved proline or hydroxyproline	hydroxyproline	VERB	rich	ADJ	 rich
In the fighting that followed the 11th Battalion lost four men captured, 37 killed and 70 wounded. Throughout	Throughout	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
On May 7, 2013, at a bilateral meeting with South Korea's President Park Geun hye at the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
Early in 2002 she paid about £150,000 ($213,375) for a billboard in Piccadilly Circus with a	a	DET	line	NOUN	 line
In September 1901, at a major charity match, the press noted the carnival atmosphere. The comedians wore	wore	VERB	silly	ADJ	 silly
In May 2014, filmmaker and writer Jim Tushinski's full length documentary I Always Said Yes: The Many	Many	ADJ	Lives	NOUN	 Lives
On 6 April 2010 Brown went to Buckingham Palace to ask the Queen to dissolve Parliament on 12 April in	in	ADP	preparation	NOUN	 preparation
El Salvador, however, convincingly won their next match, against the Cayman Islands, 1 – 4 with	with	ADP	goals	NOUN	 goals
When Indonesia's independence was proclaimed on 17 August 1945, Adam Malik obtained a copy of the text and	and	CCONJ	dictated	VERB	 dictated
Townshend started his career with an acoustic guitar and has regularly recorded and written with a Gibson J 200.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
" On March 13, 2009 Gaga was presented with a plaque from the Recording Industry Association of America by	by	ADP	social	ADJ	 social
Broyles relays this to his team, requesting they find Rose and bring him in as quickly as possible.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The album's second single, " Blow ", was released on February 8, 2011. The song	song	NOUN	accomplished	VERB	 accomplished
The Bureau representatives clearly said at the news conference that the both reports are to be submitted to the RS	RS	PROPN	Government	PROPN	 Government
Michigan did not score until the 9: 28 mark in the second quarter with a nine yard touchdown pass	pass	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Thomson's plum pudding model was disproved in 1909 by one of his former students, Ernest Rutherford, who	who	PRON	discovered	VERB	 discovered
Purina also sponsored Martha Stewart's pet tips site, Living Omnimedia. The company introduced an advertising campaign for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
KzS Karl Windmüller served as Ostfriesland's final commander, until she was stricken from the navy list on 5	5	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
The episode is also guest starred by the original Batman series stars Adam West as the young Mermaid Man and	and	CCONJ	Burt	PROPN	 Burt
His real name is not a matter of official record as he is an enmascarado, which by lucha libre	libre	PROPN	traditions	NOUN	 traditions
On a fourth down play that the team needed to convert to stay in the game, Couch threw to	to	ADP	receiver	ADJ	 receiver
In the United States, the American Kennel Club (AKC) and the Labrador's breed club have set	set	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the initial landings early on 1 July, the 2 / 14th came ashore at the wrong place,	,	PUNCT	landing	VERB	 landing
If entitled, Roman Catholic clergy may display the red Jerusalem Cross for the former or the Maltese cross for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Crimson Tide signed the No. 1 recruiting class according to Rivals.com and the No. 2 recruiting class	class	NOUN	according	VERB	 according
A short secco recitative, " Auf diese Schmerzensreu " (" Upon this painful repentance "), introduces	introduces	VERB	the	DET	 the
Once he has a tight grip, he turns upside down and presses his ventral side against hers. He	He	PRON	then	ADV	 then
One report states that a round from a 47 mm gun went straight through a Sd kfz 231 and penetrated	penetrated	VERB	the	DET	 the
Built on Hendrix's guitar figure, " Who Knows " is framed by Cox's economical funk blues bass	bass	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
Quay was a close Platt ally in the effort to make Roosevelt vice president. Hanna, who felt Roosevelt	Roosevelt	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He had been arrested by a Maryland state trooper who had found cocaine, marijuana, and a.38 caliber handgun	handgun	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Nelson's title is a response to John Dewey's Democracy and Education. It intends to show the contrast	contrast	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The decline in the mining of coal after World War II was a country wide issue, but South Wales	Wales	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The approved removal of US 27 was finally done in the middle of 2002. MDOT's stated reason for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
After one final attempt by the rebels to defeat the government legislatively (which failed by three votes),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The album's first press of 10,000 copies sold out in a week, topping the Oricon indies chart and	and	CCONJ	reaching	VERB	 reaching
The long jaws of the frilled shark are highly distensible with an extremely wide gape, allowing it to swallow	swallow	VERB	whole	ADJ	 whole
The average shooting period for each episode was two weeks, as had been the case with the previous series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This cast dates back to the early 1930s and is part of the Museum of Victoria's thylacine collection.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Cook later revealed that it was Des who would propose to and marry Daphne. The wedding episodes were	were	AUX	broadcast	VERB	 broadcast
During the 1840s, the HBC closed most of their coastal trading posts, leaving the coast trade to just	just	ADV	Fort	PROPN	 Fort
Some of the stelae were vandalised during the display. In October 2012, a scholarship in memory of Marwa	Marwa	PROPN	El	PROPN	 El
Through the time travel device this points to a narcissistic self fascination, the old cliché that homosexuality is the	the	DET	love	NOUN	 love
Later in 2015, Corgan announced that the band would undertake a co headlining tour of North America with Marilyn	Marilyn	PROPN	Manson	PROPN	 Manson
Simeon sent an army led by two of his commanders, Theodore Sigrica and Marmais, to Serbia. The	The	DET	two	NUM	 two
Cromwell was sometimes mockingly referred to as " England's Hercules " by his enemies. The Hercules connection is	is	AUX	strengthened	VERB	 strengthened
Rare's Nintendo 64 classics, with Blast Corps in particular, were communal favorites among reviewers, while Perfect	Perfect	PROPN	Dark	PROPN	 Dark
Linda Park as Hannah, Ellie's secretary. In a deviation from the previous films, the Spinosaurus is	is	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
In a positive review, Chris Thomas from HipHopWired complimented the track, writing " The Harlem native waxes poetics	poetics	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The building of the 96 kilometers (60 mi) Kalka – Shimla railway link commenced in 1898 to open	open	VERB	up	ADP	 up
They constitute a valuable food source for these organisms due to their high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids and carotenoids	carotenoids	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Its final track, a relatively straightforward rock and roll number sung by Mick Jones called " Train in Vain	Vain	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As a private citizen, he supported the slavery protections in the Kentucky Constitution of 1850 and denounced the Wilmot	Wilmot	PROPN	Proviso	PROPN	 Proviso
333 East Avenue in Rochester, New York. He continued there for 17 years. According to Crane's	's	PART	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
Aksionairnoye Obschestvo A. M. Luther v. James Sagor & Co. (1921) and Civil Aeronautics Administration v. Singapore Airlines	Airlines	PROPN	Ltd.	PROPN	 Ltd.
By his advice Ælfstan was appointed to the Bishopric of London, and Oswald to that of Worcester. In	In	ADP	963	NUM	 963
One area where Long War's influence was acknowledged was in the decision to support modding. The development team	team	NOUN	recognized	VERB	 recognized
The unit was largely composed of men enlisted as volunteers from areas of the Kingdom of Slavonia and Slavonian Military	Military	PROPN	Frontier	PROPN	 Frontier
However, both this character and Violen's second form were cut from the final version of the game due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Rumors began spreading in the summer of 1990 that Michael Jackson would write a song for Bart on the album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Additionally, Burger King was found to have hired an outside security company, Pembroke Pines, Florida based Diplomatic	Diplomatic	PROPN	Tactical	PROPN	 Tactical
Her appearance garnered Otto her first Australian Film Institute nomination for Best Actress the following year. Otto's next	next	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
He also was awarded the Purple Heart for the combat wounds he suffered during the course of the campaign.	.	PUNCT	Ten	NUM	 Ten
Contemporary research indicates this may not be the case. The apron is currently owned by the Masonic Grand Lodge	Lodge	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
As of July 2007, the site of the fort is a community park. Prior to the outbreak of	of	ADP	war	NOUN	 war
President Chester A. Arthur chose Bradley to help recover financial damages from postal officials involved in the Star Route Frauds	Frauds	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Observations of these disks show that the dust grains inside them grow in size on short (thousand year)	)	PUNCT	time	NOUN	 time
The conscription system for commoners as non professional soldiers was reduced in size in favor of a volunteer army and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
He confided to a friend that politics provided him with the necessary level of emotional excitement, thus making sexual	sexual	ADJ	relationships	NOUN	 relationships
The Regent Bakery has stated that since the release of the game, its Black Forest cake has been one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Jennet Preston was the first to be tried, at York Assizes. Jennet Preston lived in Gisburn, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The density of individual particles varies with different eruptions. The density of volcanic ash varies between 700 – 1200	1200	NUM	kg	NOUN	 kg
Parsons became pale and was helped down from his horse by Hott's sons, so he would not fall	fall	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He would later tell Byrd that the defeat was a blessing, as it allowed him to focus more on	on	ADP	issues	NOUN	 issues
This side mirrors the tiled detail found in the station side, and once had a neon " starburst "	"	PUNCT	around	ADP	 around
For the next few years, Bowers Mansion was filled with music and laughter. Meanwhile, Persia Bowers was	was	AUX	sent	VERB	 sent
On first meeting Croneman, Thrud slices him in half with a sword. When Croneman returns to join a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Progressive rock songs often avoid common popular music song structures of verse / chorus form, and their extended lengths	lengths	NOUN	allow	VERB	 allow
He became a member of the All Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) in 1930. Like his friend and	and	CCONJ	ally	NOUN	 ally
" Diocletian was one of the few emperors of the third and fourth centuries to die naturally, and the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Nolan was also a first team regular as Bolton qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time in the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Each architect submitted designs by 5 October 1998, 10 days later the Design Competition Advisory Panel met and unanimously	unanimously	ADV	recommended	VERB	 recommended
In 2013, Fey starred alongside Paul Rudd in the romantic comedy drama film Admission, based on the Jean	Jean	PROPN	Hanff	PROPN	 Hanff
" Matt Leone of 1UP said that the gameplay has " variety... You seemingly see, acquire, and	and	CCONJ	participate	VERB	 participate
It entered service in 1929, but was retired in 1935 with the advent of fighters with higher performance.	.	PUNCT	Development	NOUN	 Development
He was typically late to public events, and would sometimes not show up at all. Although Bianco thought	thought	VERB	he	PRON	 he
Many other teeth and bones from various geologic formations throughout the western United States have also been referred to Acrocanthosaurus	Acrocanthosaurus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
All of these divisions and the majority of the support units deployed overseas during 1940 and 1941. An AIF	AIF	PROPN	armoured	VERB	 armoured
Katarn helped her escape, thus ending his career with the Empire. He then became a mercenary, and	and	CCONJ	due	ADP	 due
Contemporary infants, it says, faced grim prospects, being pampered in nurseries by mothers who dominated their weak	weak	ADJ	fathers	NOUN	 fathers
During the first season, Jones felt like he should have more screen time, but later conceded that the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Music critic Richie Unterberger states: " Trying to pin down the first psychedelic record is nearly as elusive as	as	ADP	trying	VERB	 trying
The interview was broadcast on 26 June 1960; according to his biographer Selena Hastings, Waugh restrained his instinctive	instinctive	ADJ	hostility	NOUN	 hostility
Despite this, Tkach continued to implement additional changes in thinking including: the shift in emphasis away from observing	observing	VERB	world	NOUN	 world
Before this expansion, the monks lived on the second floor and students lived on the third and fourth floors	floors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song debuted and peaked at number 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 and charted moderately in international territories.	.	PUNCT	Spears	NOUN	 Spears
MacArthur then resumed his planning for an amphibious operation, which he tentatively scheduled for 15 September 1950. Navy	Navy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He hired Bo Welch, his future collaborator on Edward Scissorhands (1990) and Batman Returns (1992)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Zarubintsy culture and its beginnings were moderately affected by La Tène culture and the Black Sea area (trade	trade	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In 2003, the entire back catalogue (except Ballbreaker and Stiff Upper Lip) was remastered and re released	released	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Even so, Townsend opted to plead guilty on 27 March and argued for a lenient sentence on the grounds	grounds	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
In Australia, " Duets " drew 1.04 million viewers, making Glee the ninth most viewed show of the	the	DET	night	NOUN	 night
Lamalginite includes thin walled colonial or unicellular algae that occur as distinct laminae, but display few or no recognizable	recognizable	ADJ	biologic	ADJ	 biologic
The novel opens and closes with Urania's story, effectively framing the narrative in the terms of remembering the	the	DET	past	NOUN	 past
Or people selling arms to African countries, employing slave labour or whatever. What can you say? You	You	PRON	just	ADV	 just
Tennyson penned " Ulysses " after the death of his close Cambridge friend, the poet Arthur Henry Hallam (	(	PUNCT	1811	NUM	1811
His influence was enormous, and he is counted as among the greatest of Japanese poets, and perhaps the	the	DET	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
With different types of music for each member to produce, the albums were not intended to compete on the	the	DET	charts	NOUN	 charts
Malcolm's son King Edgar died here in 1107. Malcolm's youngest son, King David I (r.1124	r.1124	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
" BD Gest praised Azuma's skill in making distinct secondary characters, calling them " immediately recognisable ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
I hate people who are not serious about meals. It is so shallow of them, " says Algernon	Algernon	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
This result is not relevant to the explosion. " Mitchell added that his team had found it extremely unlikely	unlikely	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Renamed Navarinon, she supported government forces during the Greek Civil War and was retained after the end of the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
During the time when Rauf's influence over the drug business in Mumbai is falling, Kancha decides to grow	grow	VERB	his	PRON	 his
While Cuban officers led the mission and provided the bulk of the troop force, 60 Soviet officers in the	the	DET	Congo	PROPN	 Congo
Each kingdom was led by a cacique, or " chieftain ", who was advised in his exercise of	of	ADP	royal	ADJ	 royal
During the performance, her look was complete with a drop sleeve piece with black lace. While reviewing a	a	DET	concert	NOUN	 concert
The game ended in a draw, which left the teams even on the ladder, and a subsequent game	game	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Trouble began when white men from several nearby towns lynched a black Rosewood resident because of unsupported accusations that a	a	DET	white	ADJ	 white
” After the Senate reprimanded Cranston, he took to the Senate floor to deny key charges against him.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The four mosaic angels in the pendentives, which decorated its high rounded walls directly below the church's dome	dome	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Consequently, this body was reorganized as the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) in 1989. The IPC is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
EMI issued the album in the USA. Two further singles, " Daughters of the Northern Coast " (	(	PUNCT	August	PROPN	August
’ says McAlister. Most of the buildings were created with two sides only, as they will only be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
The flag of Hong Kong was adopted on 16 February 1990. On 10 August 1996, it received formal	formal	ADJ	approval	NOUN	 approval
She eventually landed her troop complement in Verle Bay, after which she used her operational 28 cm guns to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
Metal Gear Solid has been credited with popularizing the stealth genre. Thief: The Dark Project is also credited	credited	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Labor had led the LCL 52.0 to 43.8% on primary votes, but owing to the Playmander, both	both	PRON	ended	VERB	 ended
The song actually transforms from one kind of a thing to another, depending who has their hand on the	the	DET	microphone	NOUN	 microphone
Construction work on the exhibition site had started in January 1907, and the exhibition and new station opened on	on	ADP	14	NUM	 14
Untreated, individuals are expected to lose independent ambulation after an average of eight years and be bedridden after ten	ten	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The Red Cross also set up shelters and gave food to more than 7,000 people. By October 19,	,	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
Sometime between April and May, Hananu had Uwaid execute field commander Mustafa Asim Bey for his involvement in an	an	DET	attack	NOUN	 attack
Shankly and Paisley had learned a great deal about European football which Liverpool would eventually turn into trophies. The	The	DET	key	ADJ	 key
All the forts around or overlooking the city are dismantled, the guns taken out of them, the land	land	NOUN	resigned	VERB	 resigned
The abandonment of Abusir as a royal necropolis and the termination of sun temple building are possibly related given the	the	DET	close	ADJ	 close
After repeated failures, he successfully gained appointment to the judiciary as a Justice of the Court of King's	's	PART	Bench	PROPN	 Bench
The " armored " endotracheal tubes are cuffed, wire reinforced silicone rubber tubes. They are much more flexible	flexible	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
And he's cute. And he's charming, makes you laugh, and you believe him. You	You	PRON	think	VERB	 think
During the last 10 years of Henry's reign, Hugh witnessed 15 royal charters. In 1180 he was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
During 1993 – 94 the Main Stand paddock was seated and covered, and the recent work to the stand	stand	NOUN	cost	VERB	 cost
Animation historian Michael Barrier wrote that Belle " becomes a sort of intellectual less by actually reading books, it	it	PRON	seems	VERB	 seems
Mir was originally designed to fly for five years but eventually flew for three times that length of time.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
He compared that image of Madonna with that of Barbie. McKeen explained that Madonna intermixed middle class ideas of	of	ADP	femininity	NOUN	 femininity
The Act has been reauthorized twice; Ryan White Programs are the largest provider of services for people living with	with	ADP	HIV	PROPN	 HIV
Playhouse garnered 15 Emmy Awards, all of them in the Creative Arts Emmy Award category. Reubens had not	not	PART	always	ADV	 always
The name and a logo can be seen on the side of his van at the start of the episode	episode	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was the sixth highest grossing film of 2010 in North America, and the fourth highest internationally, behind	behind	ADP	Toy	PROPN	 Toy
Island legend holds that four men from Chincoteague fought for the Americans at the Battle of Yorktown in October 1781	1781	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" The show premiered on March 28, 1999. Groening's writing credits for the show are for the	the	DET	premiere	ADJ	 premiere
Governor Sanford was a close political ally of President John F. Kennedy, a fact that disturbed some North Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	Democrats	PROPN	 Democrats
Desson Howe, writing for The Washington Post's Weekend section, said that " the Klingons ' spilled blood	blood	NOUN	floats	NOUN	 floats
There is no access between I 35E and I 35W here, but Dakota County Road 42 (exit 88B	88B	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
On the following day, he has released the first trailer for the album, featuring him and his friends	friends	NOUN	drinking	VERB	 drinking
On May 5, Christopher made his first appearance as a starting pitcher against the Detroit Tigers. The Athletics	Athletics	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
The ship served with the 1st Division of the Active Squadron during the 1893 fleet maneuvers, along with the	the	DET	ironclad	ADJ	 ironclad
Around this time, the Kenora Thistles, the Manitoba League champions, wanted to strengthen their team for the	the	DET	Stanley	PROPN	 Stanley
The two Shōkaku class carriers were ordered in 1937 as part of the 3rd Naval Armaments Supplement Program. No	No	ADV	longer	ADV	 longer
In 1979, PiL recorded the classic post punk album Metal Box. Lydon performed with the band until 1992	1992	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The harvest was small in 1893, and the spring and summer of 1894 were almost entirely devoid of rain	rain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By this time, Harry Pierce has discovered that Lucas is not who he claims to be. Arrested and	and	CCONJ	questioned	VERB	 questioned
In 1987, Playboy named WMMS DJ Kid Leo (Lawrence Travagliante) " The Best Disc Jockey in the	the	DET	Country	PROPN	 Country
For this, and other actions safeguarding public funds, Cleveland's reputation as a leader willing to purge government	government	NOUN	corruption	NOUN	 corruption
It was a conflict that helped to keep Labor out of power for a generation, since DLP supporters chose	chose	VERB	the	DET	 the
Prosecutors pursued Scales ' case because he specifically advocated violent political action and gave demonstrations of martial arts skills.	.	PUNCT	Scales	NOUN	 Scales
The opening faceoff of the hockey game was scheduled for 7 p.m. but the NHL moved it to 5 p.m.	p.m.	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Phillies starter Cole Hamels was hit by a line drive in the fourth inning and exited the game; before	before	ADP	departing	VERB	 departing
" Days later, First National Bank of Manchester filed a foreclosure suit against Farmer, alleging that no payments	payments	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
During this time, she was fitted with a number of license built Hotchkiss 25 mm Type 96 light AA	AA	PROPN	guns	NOUN	 guns
In December 1941, Japan attacked the United States and European territories in the Pacific Ocean, and quickly conquered	conquered	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
German immigrants were also important in the rise of the cities and the establishment of the Polish burgher (city	city	NOUN	dwelling	NOUN	 dwelling
The court prohibited such actions, ruling "... we must condemn the practice of imputing a sinister meaning to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Soap Opera Digest columnist Carolyn Hinsey dismissed the report, stating on her Facebook page, " Seriously, stop	stop	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Stela 9 is a thin slate monument dated to 662. Its text describes the birth of king Yuknoom Yich	Yich	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Lovecraft scholar Don G. Smith claims that, of the scenes that are derived from Lovecraft's work, the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
At the Pope's urging, Venice and Emperor Frederick promised aid. Robert of Courtenay also pledged to assist	assist	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Fraser McAplpine from BBC Music has claimed that the song's chorus can be likened to Eiffel 65's "	"	PUNCT	Blue	ADJ	 Blue
Imbudo maintained peak winds for about 12 hours, before the innermost eye contracted to a diameter of 11 km	km	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
An animated scene — with artwork based on the comic strip Inside Woody Allen — depicts Alvy and Annie in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He supported a comprehensive program benefiting the coal industry and cosponsored a bill to extending public library services to rural	rural	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
The prerogative is the name of the remaining portion of the Crown's original authority... Every act which the	the	DET	executive	ADJ	 executive
The use of pace setters in long distance events is very common at the elite level, although they are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
Verity's Yorkshire and England team mate Norman Yardley was also in the 1st Battalion; the fame of these	these	DET	cricketers	NOUN	 cricketers
An expanded version was later proposed by Barack Obama during his 2008 campaign. Iraq war During his original 2002	2002	NUM	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
In casting Al " Gee " Giardello, Levinson decided not to make the character Italian American like the real	real	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
The 1850s saw Lord John Russell introduce a number of reform bills to correct defects the first act had left	left	VERB	unaddressed	ADJ	 unaddressed
He returned to Australia in May 2010 to begin his contract with the Gold Coast Suns. At the commencement	commencement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
ESA uses the facility for tacking, telemetry, telecommand, radiometric measurements and system validation. Satellites include European	European	PROPN	Remote	PROPN	 Remote
It has two landscaped picnic areas. Facilities include a tea shop, with indoor and outdoor seating areas with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The A8 is a toll road based on the Croatian vehicle classification using a ticket system — charging for use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They had heavily fortified the ridge, establishing a series of bunkers and pillboxes between weapons pits that were linked	linked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" and " The trade between Great Britain and Eire is of mutual benefit to both countries, and the	the	DET	risks	NOUN	 risks
Some skeptics claim that since Journal readers are financial information seekers giving them a free magazine of luxury ads may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
It received positive reviews in The Guardian and Skeptical Inquirer, critical reviews in The Daily Telegraph and Financial Times	Times	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Ritz is reputedly the most expensive hotel in Paris, employing a staff of over 600, the rooms	rooms	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
After the war, Kealoha returned to Hawaiʻi. He died on March 5, 1877, and was buried	buried	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Wigan Athletic's home attendance fell by more than this, with their average attendance for the 2008 – 09	09	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
" In 1958, Nixon, by then vice president, allegedly stated that he regretted some of the tactics	tactics	NOUN	his	PRON	 his
Mild steel torpedo bulkheads of 2.5 inch thickness were fitted abreast the magazines and shell rooms. After the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
That is, non judicial detention is permitted for the purposes of facilitating the removal of unlawful non citizens,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The flared lip is absent in younger specimens. The external anatomy of the soft parts of L. gigas is	is	AUX	similar	ADJ	 similar
The volcanic ash from the destruction entombed and helped preserve these key herbal frescoes. Ancient Greek legends tell of	of	ADP	brazen	NOUN	 brazen
McCarthy was considered the presumptive favorite in the race. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican from Utah and the Chairman	Chairman	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
During their first assault on Mysticete, the group are repelled and end up on Minera. Finding their way	way	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
On the night of 10 / 11 April, the whole 2nd Army Group continued its withdrawal, but units	units	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ochs continued at Ohio State into his senior year, but was bitterly disappointed at not being appointed editor in	in	ADP	chief	NOUN	 chief
Harrison's Attorney General, William H. H. Miller, through the Justice Department, ordered the prosecutions for violation	violation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Are you to tell me that one is as difficult as the other? " She did post graduate work	work	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Shakespeare seems to have diverted quite a bit from this image, making the witches (as Banquo says)	)	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The freeway also marks the boundary between Perth and West Perth. Partial access is provided to or from all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Bates began playing professionally for the Class A Advanced Stockton Ports, a Brewers farm team which competed in the	the	DET	California	PROPN	 California
In 2009, he has voiced Ultraman Zero from the new movie, Mega Monster Battle: Ultra Galaxy Legend	Legend	PROPN	The	DET	 The
Aaron Wise, father of Stephen Samuel Wise, was one of the synagogue's earliest rabbis, from 1874	1874	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Psaltis graduated from the New York University Stern School of Business at the age of 22. She then went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The 19th century poet William Barnes was born in Bagber and wrote many poems in his native Dorset dialect.	.	PUNCT	Originating	VERB	 Originating
They are / a /, / ɛ /, / ɪ /, / o /, and /	/	SYM	u	PROPN	 u
The fleet was back in Kiel by 15 August, where preparations for the autumn maneuvers began. On 22	22	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" You'll Always Find Your Way Back Home " fell one spot to number eighty eight in the following	following	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
It hit number 2 in the UK, but it was not the American breakthrough CBS had hoped for,	,	PUNCT	reaching	VERB	 reaching
" Bertie Wooster's half forgotten vocabulary also provides a further humorous device. In Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit	Spirit	PROPN	Bertie	PROPN	 Bertie
On Bimini, most residents who evacuated to shelters returned to their homes within two days of the hurricane.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Over the course of twelve months and with a budget of $1 million, Resident Evil 2 was ported	ported	VERB	to	ADP	 to
McClane finally arrives just in time to prevent Farrell from being killed by assassins working for Mai Linh (Maggie	Maggie	PROPN	Q	PROPN	 Q
As she prepares to leave, the stairlift returns downstairs and Andras's bell rings. Katy is scared of	of	ADP	going	VERB	 going
Its earliest known inhabitants were the Amorites in the early second millennium BC, and by the end of the	the	DET	millennium	NOUN	 millennium
He then reveals that he did this because of what he perceives as the town's stupidity at voting for	for	ADP	Quimby	PROPN	 Quimby
The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test	Test	NOUN	outfit	NOUN	 outfit
In 2009, Molly Kronberg, widow of Kenneth Kronberg, sued LaRouche in federal court for the Eastern District	District	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He also felt cynical about the commercial aspect of making albums and did not tour for the album, citing	citing	VERB	disinterest	ADV	 disinterest
The Shames from Ipswich, Massachusetts, were popular in the New England and Upstate New York area and released	released	VERB	the	DET	 the
Bush had achieved notable gains among seniors, non college whites, and moderate and conservative Democrats since leaving office	office	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In accordance with the instructions of Secretary Francis Walsingham, he occupied himself chiefly in collecting information of the Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Tarbosaurus bite marks have also been identified on hadrosaur and sauropod fossils, but theropod bite marks on bones of	of	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Thurop Van Orman, the creator of The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, was also hired on as a supervising	supervising	VERB	producer	NOUN	 producer
Station managers may make exceptions for passengers with small children, the elderly, or the disabled. Metro now	now	ADV	allows	VERB	 allows
Lady Fidget has already explained to her husband that Horner " knows china very well, and has himself very	very	ADV	good	ADJ	 good
The name Kali is derived from the Sanskrit " Kālá ", or time — she therefore represents Time,	,	PUNCT	Change	PROPN	 Change
" Twenty six respondents said they felt a newfound sense of moral certitude and spiritual growth, while ten "	"	PUNCT	discovered	VERB	 discovered
The earlier start in these countries was timed to coincide with their Easter holidays and avoided competition from forthcoming summer	summer	NOUN	films	NOUN	 films
On July 29, 2008, the PGPD and PGSO raided the home of Cheye Calvo, the mayor of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Up to 90 percent of VZ wagons were bought by fleet companies and Holden sought to attract more retail customers	customers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The vimana of their temples (tower over the shrine) is a compromise in detail between the plain stepped	stepped	VERB	style	NOUN	 style
" Vandernoot recalled, " I think I was quite close to Tessa, she was very well written,	,	PUNCT	very	ADV	 very
As a consequence, wars are no longer confined to a battlefield, but the theatre of operations is fluid	fluid	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Anne quickly finds him and the two happily walk off down a street, arm in arm. That night	night	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In 2013, Great Eastern Highway remained as a road of particular concern, with the Australian Automobile Association giving	giving	VERB	67	NUM	 67
Khitan rulers were expected to hand over power to a paternal relative after serving a single three year term.	.	PUNCT	Abaoji	PROPN	 Abaoji
The whole day was spent bombarding the enemy in Arnhem using artillery and ground attack aircraft. The RAF laid	laid	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Beckham opened the scoring for United with a long range effort, but Dennis Bergkamp drew Arsenal level with a	a	DET	shot	NOUN	 shot
(...) The [Hungarians] passed by Kiev over the hill now called Hungarian and on arriving at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In June 1945, Orizaba was transferred under Lend Lease to the Brazilian Navy where she served as Duque de	de	X	Caxias	PROPN	 Caxias
Widerøe introduced international services to Gothenburg and Berlin. In 1994, the domestic and international flights to the European	European	PROPN	Union	PROPN	 Union
A post mortem revealed Parker had died as a result of stab wounds inflicted by a bladed instrument. Parker	Parker	PROPN	's	PART	's
These patterns are sometimes used in woven garments, most importantly in the traditional ' rushnyk ', a woven	woven	ADJ	cloth	NOUN	 cloth
Benson identifies Bond's fear when the flight to Istanbul encounters severe turbulence from a storm, and notes Bond	Bond	PROPN	's	PART	's
The player has the option every round to either use a restorative item from their inventory, use a special	special	ADJ	skill	NOUN	 skill
Another side trade was smuggling along the Pacific coast of the Spanish Empire, where foreign trade was prohibited by	by	ADP	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
After running the show in 1939, Mrs Cruft sold the show to The Kennel Club, however due to	to	ADP	World	PROPN	 World
Jeopardy! is featured in a subplot of the 1992 film White Men Can't Jump, in which Gloria	Gloria	PROPN	Clemente	PROPN	 Clemente
The episode features the return of Laura San Giacomo as Harmony Chase and the introduction of the recurring character of	of	ADP	Max	PROPN	 Max
On 1 December the party had their first sighting of what was indubitably dry land, a nunatak which had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Even in this case, the bliss of El Dorado is fleeting: Candide soon leaves the village to seek	seek	VERB	Cunégonde	PROPN	 Cunégonde
At the end of the game, the highest scoring contestant would play a bonus round called the " Shopper	Shopper	PROPN	's	PART	's
The periodic table provides a useful framework for analyzing chemical behavior, and is widely used in chemistry and other	other	ADJ	sciences	NOUN	 sciences
The implication is that Tony, the villain, had been grooming the child for some time before he went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
His operas made him the most frequently performed composer at the world's leading opera houses in the nineteenth century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Clark spent the next five seasons with the Rochester Red Wings of the International League, part of the St.	St.	PROPN	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
Old World monkeys, dogs, and cats did not diverge or arrive in Africa until later in the Miocene	Miocene	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Development of " Easy " began when the American rock band Orson discovered that the Sugababes were working on the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Musth rumbles may be answered by the " female chorus ", a low frequency, modulated chorus produced by	by	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
He also reports that of the 6,000 Roman and allied cavalry, only 370 survived. Livy wrote, "	"	PUNCT	Forty	NUM	 Forty
New York magazine's Amy Odell commented that " The intricacy of her [Knowles '] wardrobe [in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A number of small changes were made to the obverse design in the 1990s and early 2000s. The Presidential	Presidential	ADJ	$	SYM	 $
Hazen's group surveyed only four townships, and incompletely, and Pawling's three, also incompletely. In	In	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The community is also proud of its Ladin or Tyrolean culture, which continues to survive despite the increasing pressure	pressure	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
In the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility (140° W to the International dateline),	,	PUNCT	three	NUM	 three
The clubhouse houses facilities on two floors, including a gymnasium, seven lecture and meeting rooms for 260 people	people	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It will then move into the northern sky, entering Perseus in 2128 and Camelopardalis (where it will reach	reach	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Within a few hours, the BeppoSAX team localized the burst to an error box — a small area around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
(1996) Mukundasmaraṇam (मुकुन ् दस ् मरणम ्) – Sanskrit hymn of praise. (1996	1996	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Nonetheless, Météo France (MFR) assigned the name Hudah to the cyclone. An eye formed, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Visuddhimagga reflects changes in interpretation which appeared during the centuries since the Buddha's time. The Australian Buddhist	Buddhist	PROPN	monastic	NOUN	 monastic
Other notable Irish physicists include Ernest Walton, winner of the 1951 Nobel Prize in Physics. With Sir John	John	PROPN	Douglas	PROPN	 Douglas
In 2012, she appeared in an ESPN feature called Title IX is Mine: USWNT. Lloyd was featured	featured	VERB	along	ADP	 along
The Castle is one of many in Scotland said to be haunted by Mary's spirit. The English Earl	Earl	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Approximately 141,00 people were left without electricity. Winds up to 85 mph (137 km / h) in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
Krueger agreed to this request, and ordered that three of the battalion's four infantry companies be sent to	to	ADP	Arawe	PROPN	 Arawe
As nemertea are otherwise completely soft bodied, one would expect fossils of them to be extremely rare. The	The	DET	Middle	ADJ	 Middle
When Giridhar was seven, he memorised the entire Ramcharitmanas of Tulsidas, consisting of around 10,900 verses with chapter	chapter	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The town itself has a historic late 18th and 19th centuries core based on a grid pattern, located between	between	ADP	Hubberston	PROPN	 Hubberston
The community had heard of the Spacewar concept, however, and understood that Russell would spearhead the development of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
After seven years of absence, she returned to film in the 2010 musical Burlesque. Cher's first studio	studio	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
Global followed the first OST with More Cold Feet in 2000. In 2001, UMTV released the two disc	disc	NOUN	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
The total distance from Oslo to Bergen via Drammen is 493 kilometres (306 mi), while the Bergen	Bergen	PROPN	Line	PROPN	 Line
He resumed his feud with González, before migrating to another angle against La Familia's main tag team,	,	PUNCT	Thunder	PROPN	 Thunder
Bowden doubts that afterlife beliefs were a very important aspect of mystery cults and therefore thinks their resemblance to Christianity	Christianity	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Here, the flows crossed the British Columbia border into the U.S. state of Alaska and blocked the Blue River	River	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gretzky did not attend the Coyotes ' training camp, leaving associate head coach Ulf Samuelsson in charge, due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Due to political issues between Chile and Argentina, the former placed an order for 46 tanks, although this	this	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On December 21, 2013, the video was parodied on Saturday Night Live, with cast members portraying the	the	DET	couple	NOUN	 couple
She promises not to cut her hair until they are reunited, and Kaspar returns to Denmark. Later,	,	PUNCT	Ingeborg	PROPN	 Ingeborg
Her parents married in 1940 and divorced in 1979. Wintour was named after her maternal grandmother, Anna Baker	Baker	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Hammond, one of the first players selected, was part of the selection committee on tour, and the	the	DET	M.C.C.	PROPN	 M.C.C.
For American airborne operations, see American airborne landings in Normandy. Operation Tonga was the codename given to the	the	DET	airborne	ADJ	 airborne
The 2 6 4 wheel arrangement was not in common use in Great Britain at this time, as many	many	ADJ	railway	NOUN	 railway
The desirability of this state of affairs has been questioned on the basis that " [i] f an	an	DET	elected	VERB	 elected
The baby smiles at the boy in gratitude. The 1958 version by the Harry Simeone Chorale is the standard	standard	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the Steelers defense stopped the Chargers on their next drive, Pittsburgh's Santonio Holmes returned a punt 67	67	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
In the summer of 2001, a public argument broke out between the two on the internet forum mightybigtv.com (	(	PUNCT	later	ADV	later
Lopez described " On the Floor " as an evolution of her classic sound and as something which sounded very	very	ADV	current	ADJ	 current
" In 1925, Ponsford captained the Victorian team and was selected as centre fielder in an Australian representative team	team	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Presumed candidates for the Republican primary were Thomas Kean Jr., Jay Webber, Jon Bramnick, and Michael J.	J.	PROPN	Doherty	PROPN	 Doherty
In the parking lot, Andy has not shown up for the duel, instead leaving a deliberately verbose note	note	NOUN	hanging	VERB	 hanging
Human Rights Watch, Front Line, The Committee to Protect Journalists, Reporters Without Borders, and the Tibetan	Tibetan	PROPN	Center	PROPN	 Center
Jefferson replied immediately with a cordial letter, and the two men revived their friendship, which they sustained by	by	ADP	mail	NOUN	 mail
One track predicted Dean to threaten South Florida within three to four days. Regardless, the National Hurricane Center	Center	PROPN	issued	VERB	 issued
The unit was at Salzburg on 7 May 1945 (V E Day). It was then sent back	back	ADV	stateside	ADV	 stateside
In return for paying off his debt, Hime agrees to their conditions of becoming the student council's "	"	PUNCT	dog	NOUN	 dog
However, in the south of the region there are still two large power stations at Hartlepool and Teesside,	,	PUNCT	meaning	VERB	 meaning
The two relics (of Isaac's sacrifice and the presentation of Jesus in the temple) were placed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The dominant vegetation cover of coastal sage scrub typically goes through approximately 25 year cycles, with its peak biodiversity	biodiversity	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
The current Chicago City Hall, built in a Classical Revival style, was designed to symbolize the strength,	,	PUNCT	dignity	NOUN	 dignity
The tactic succeeded and the exposed Chinese were soon swept off the position, while the dug in Canadians escaped	escaped	VERB	unharmed	ADJ	 unharmed
I 95 / US 202 heads towards downtown Wilmington and crosses onto a viaduct, passing over the Northeast Corridor	Corridor	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The tackle, though hard, was legal. Minutes later, Nasri deliberately clipped Barton while tracking back,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Past that interchange, the freeway angles southeasterly and then southward, bypassing Grand Rapids to the northeast. East	East	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In August 2012, the Irish High Court ruled against him. Mark Nash's confession caused some consternation amongst	amongst	ADP	the	DET	 the
The North can make a steam engine, locomotive, or railway car; hardly a yard of cloth or	or	CCONJ	pair	NOUN	 pair
The receptacle ranges in color from red to bright pink to pale orange, and it is often lighter in	in	ADP	color	NOUN	 color
Implementation of such system is not expected in the short term. A proposal by former Mayor of London Ken	Ken	PROPN	Livingstone	PROPN	 Livingstone
M 185 passes by several important sites within Mackinac Island State Park, including Fort Mackinac, Arch Rock,	,	PUNCT	British	PROPN	 British
Bird thought that the updates to the original Game Boy game's visuals and audio, along with the updates	updates	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The cost was $26,000, a very large sum at the time. An Italian artist lived with the	the	DET	Meekers	PROPN	 Meekers
The French Connection (Martin, Robert and Gilbert Perreault) were all among the league leaders in important scoring	scoring	NOUN	statistics	NOUN	 statistics
Other additions include the Rig and the Anti Tank; the Rig is a modified version of an APC from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Irwin achieved worldwide fame from the television series The Crocodile Hunter, an internationally broadcast wildlife documentary series which he	he	PRON	co	AUX	 co
In total, £6.5 million was required to fund construction of the ground: – £2 million –	–	PUNCT	F.C.	PROPN	 F.C.
Subsequent case law shows that this list has largely been accepted, and there is indication that the judges have	have	AUX	continued	VERB	 continued
The Presiding Officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 MSPs, which is the only	only	ADJ	secret	ADJ	 secret
Cerebellar atrophy can also occur as a result of exposure to toxins including heavy metals or pharmaceutical or recreational drugs	drugs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Off track Ferrari launched a criminal investigation in Modena against their own employee Nigel Stepney. Stepney's lawyer ruled	ruled	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Huangshan is known for its sunrises, pine trees, " strangely jutting granite peaks ", hot springs,	,	PUNCT	winter	NOUN	 winter
The comet's periodicity was first determined in 1705 by English astronomer Edmond Halley, after whom it is now	now	ADV	named	VERB	 named
An RAF guard made up of a sergeant, corporal, acting corporal and twenty three airmen was formed to	to	PART	protect	VERB	 protect
Dawn revealed a large number of craters with low relief, indicating that they lie over a relatively soft surface	surface	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He eventually rose to be three times mayor of Hulster Ambacht and twice mayor of Hulst. Thanks to powerful	powerful	ADJ	allies	NOUN	 allies
Kamal Haasan described that he was one of the few directors who balanced between art and popular cinema. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
Sullivan's authorship of the overture to Utopia, Limited can not be verified with certainty, as his autograph	autograph	NOUN	score	NOUN	 score
But he hasn't played a lot of football this season and he maybe faded a bit ". He	He	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
Each fluorescent strike of noise, incongruous tempo flip, and warped vocal is bolted into its right place across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
The U.S., after the Spanish – American War, had many expansionists who wanted to annex Cuba. Many	Many	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
" Baelor " marks the first appearance of the German actress Sibel Kekilli, in the role of the prostitute	prostitute	ADJ	Shae	PROPN	 Shae
He led his cavalry squadron on the charge and, despite heavy casualties, secured the objective and silenced the	the	DET	guns	NOUN	 guns
The school expects its students to do well and it gives them lots of support. " The 360,000 square	square	ADJ	foot	NOUN	 foot
Articles in the Las Vegas Review Journal commemorating the 40th and 50th anniversaries of the crash reported that the FBI	FBI	PROPN	search	NOUN	 search
He enters the mansion where Goewin is being held and orders the Skorl to free her. Not long after	after	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
After the humiliating Russian defeat during the Crimean War of 1854 – 55, General Admiral Grand Duke Konstantin Nikolayevich	Nikolayevich	PROPN	understood	VERB	 understood
This was followed by a 15 minute intermission (which purportedly enabled the civilians to escape) before the Georgian	Georgian	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
On the week of February 27, 2010, the song reached its peak of number thirty five on the	the	DET	singles	NOUN	 singles
Subsequently the same three committee meetings will occur in rotation. Andre Dawson, Doug Harvey, and Whitey Herzog	Herzog	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Thorpe's term as president was marked by the range of distinguished guest speakers that he recruited, among them	them	PRON	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
The 70 hectare (170 acre) Urban Enterprise Zone has streamlined planning procedures and reduced business rates. Rates	Rates	NOUN	generated	VERB	 generated
This was a total of 552, an increase of only 40 aircraft from 1 October. Over the winter	winter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
No digital rights management (DRM) protection was placed on the game because " we... believe that any	any	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Gen. Christopher Columbus Augur, commander of the Department of Washington, recommended that Fort Jackson be assigned two light	light	ADJ	guns	NOUN	 guns
I'm not kidding! She had no time to do the record, so she would be on her	her	PRON	lunch	NOUN	 lunch
In December 1874, Grant held a state dinner at the White House for the King of Hawaii, David	David	PROPN	Kalakaua	PROPN	 Kalakaua
When German soldiers swam across the Bug River to warn the Red Army of an impending attack, they were	were	AUX	treated	VERB	 treated
The choice of location in turn influenced the type of supernatural monster that was featured. The once epic script	script	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
If Protzen's hypothesis is correct, the river diverted to flood the battlefield was the Urubamba, and not	not	PART	its	PRON	 its
The movie was panned by critics, but grossed $15 million on its opening weekend and went on to	to	PART	earn	VERB	 earn
In 1960, the current M 108 was commissioned along the current routing. On April 29, 2010,	,	PUNCT	MDOT	PROPN	 MDOT
Mary Ranken Lyle was born in the Melbourne suburb of Carlton on 31 March 1895, the eldest of four	four	NUM	children	NOUN	 children
Daein invades shortly after this, and Greil's mercenaries flee over the border into Gallia. They are pursued	pursued	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The team then travelled to play Bristol, who they played on 23 September. The game was played in	in	ADP	front	NOUN	 front
Eugenides addresses how difficult it was for humans to devise a " universal classification for sex ". Through Cal	Cal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Although distinctly different from each other, DNA damages and mutations are related because DNA damages often cause errors of	of	ADP	DNA	NOUN	 DNA
Current evidence indicates that in both men and women, alcoholism is 50 – 60 percent genetically determined, leaving	leaving	VERB	40	NUM	 40
The German press reacted similarly. The Vossische Zeitung, a Berlin daily newspaper, wrote: " We have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
US 12). In late 1951 or early 1952, a northerly bypass of Jackson opened, and the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
Rice's enabling act defined a state containing both prairie and forest lands. The state was bounded on the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
In addition to the strikings at Philadelphia, there was branch mint production, with 24,000 pieces struck at the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
In accordance with the terms of the Oslo agreement, Arafat was required to implement PLO authority in the West	West	PROPN	Bank	PROPN	 Bank
The Philadelphia extension was to run from Carlisle east to US 202 in King of Prussia. From there,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Throughout the series, she invents her pupils to prevent her department being closed, uses the school's telephone	telephone	NOUN	network	NOUN	 network
The settlement had huts, pots, and goats. The residents had hastily abandoned the village, leaving it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
The drive covered 72 yards and had taken eight plays and 4: 06 of game time. Following the	the	DET	post	NOUN	 post
In June, red billed choughs fed mainly on caterpillars whereas Alpine choughs ate cranefly pupae. Later in the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
The film opened strongly in June 1987, taking over $30 million in the first 50 days alone,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Several drivers had problems with spinning or running wide, either in turn two or between turns 15 and 16	16	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Sugimoto's manga was licensed into English by Vertical in January 2013, and the two volumes were released on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
The company's route to Hong Kong was the longest air route in the world. At the time,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On 20 April 1942, Brennan added a further two aircraft to his tally when he destroyed a Messerschmitt 109	109	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
According to Dayton's 2011 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the city proper are: The	The	DET	Dayton	PROPN	 Dayton
In 1927, Alekhine's challenge to Capablanca was backed by a group of Argentine businessmen and the president of	of	ADP	Argentina	PROPN	 Argentina
The kingdom has a small but well equipped military called the Bahrain Defence Force (BDF), numbering around	around	ADV	13,000	NUM	 13,000
As always with medieval battles, losses are difficult to assess with any precision. The Christian chroniclers claim that	that	SCONJ	Saladin	PROPN	 Saladin
In the first phase, the individual small flowers, known as florets, remain unopened — and the flowerhead	flowerhead	ADJ	retains	VERB	 retains
The Sabah State Museum, situated near the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, is the main museum of Sabah. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
X rays showed no serious injury to his knee, but by the next morning, it was twice its	its	PRON	normal	ADJ	 normal
" Some critiques of the book have been positive. A 1976 New Scientist review praised the level of detail	detail	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Proctor initially balked at anything but an unconditional surrender, but after Madison's promise that the Americans would "	"	PUNCT	sell	VERB	 sell
Breuer later clarified his comments on Facebook that did not end speculation on Johnson's future with the band.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
During his postmastership, Kizirian was instrumental in establishing the first automated post office in the country, which made	made	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1926 Kwee Tek Hoay wrote that, after Allah jang Palsoe, the quality of stage performances in the	the	DET	Indies	PROPN	 Indies
It was bought by Francis Jaunay in 1815 known as Jaunay's Hôtel. The Hôtel Sablonière et de Provence	Provence	PROPN	opened	VERB	 opened
At around 0000 UTC on July 31, Brenda moved into Massachusetts. Shortly thereafter, it lost its tropical	tropical	ADJ	characteristics	NOUN	 characteristics
FIU has a center on Brickell Avenue in Downtown Miami at 1101 Brickell Avenue dubbed " FIU Downtown on Brickell	Brickell	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
To prepare for the part, she read and watched several books and documentaries on domestic violence. As the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
" Loser Like Me " remains the fourth best selling recording in the history of the show, having sold	sold	VERB	617,000	NUM	 617,000
Across Britain, many hill forts fell out of use in the 100 years around the turn of the millennium	millennium	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" By 1968 with hopes of bringing a new influx of coal mining into the city, Sahara Coal Company	Company	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
A similar effect is seen in the rhodocenium data shown above, again consistent with inductive effects. In the	the	DET	substituted	VERB	 substituted
It was reported that she had become fatigued and left the group after they cancelled several concerts. Sim disputed	disputed	VERB	those	DET	 those
Through its Science Policy Centre, the Society acts as an advisor to the European Commission and the United Nations	Nations	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The RAAF had argued for an air to air refuelling capability for both the F / A 18s and the	the	DET	F	PROPN	 F
The Boston project fell through, as a reconnaissance of the area gave an unfavourable report and Elliott Smith suggested	suggested	VERB	Milne	PROPN	 Milne
Although the friends both died within five years of making their observations, their ground breaking work was influential in	in	ADP	establishing	VERB	 establishing
Bruno Heinemann carried five 12.7 cm SK C / 34 guns in single mounts with gun shields, two each	each	PRON	superimposed	VERB	 superimposed
The mounted Yeomanry brigade had been sent to guard the water pipeline and railway as they were being extended beyond	beyond	ADP	the	DET	 the
The complex has three components: the inner and outer gatehouses and a courtyard in between. The inner gatehouse	gatehouse	NOUN	survives	VERB	 survives
By the 1950s, the two suborders Arixeniina and Hemimerina had been added to Dermaptera. Arixeniina represents two genera	genera	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Just before the 1894 election, Cleveland was warned by Francis Lynde Stetson, an advisor: " We are	are	AUX	on	ADP	 on
Barnes then manipulated the strike to shield his captain from Bedser. The Australian opener had little trouble against the	the	DET	leg	NOUN	 leg
A smaller recreational area called Wick Park is on the historic North side. Wick Park's periphery is lined	lined	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Though jazz had long since achieved some limited popularity, it was Louis Armstrong who became one of the first	first	ADJ	popular	ADJ	 popular
Hayer, today known as Mujahid Halim, was paroled in 2010. A CNN Special Report, Witnessed:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
NY 17A was extended east to Southfields by 1933, completing the alternate loop of NY 17 and creating an	an	DET	overlap	NOUN	 overlap
As the many bootlegs from the tour reveal, early on in each performance of " Hari's on Tour	Tour	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Shiban originally wanted to film the sewer scenes in Los Angeles ' actual sewer system, but the Los Angeles	Angeles	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
In its original American broadcast, the episode was viewed by an estimated 3.83 million viewers and received a 1.9	1.9	NUM	rating	NOUN	 rating
Yungang as well as Kurrawang and Kurrawah are names from the Tharawal people of the Illawarra region. Its closest	closest	ADJ	relative	NOUN	 relative
In the absence of her husband, Gwenllian led an army against the Norman lordship of Cydweli (Kidwelly)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His dislike of such men was highlighted in his defence of three men in 1788 for theft; they were	were	AUX	charged	VERB	 charged
On returning to his unit, he reorganised his men and led a bombing party in the capture of a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Most human use of the watershed is limited to the upper basin. Despite the semiarid climate, dams have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Melvyn Bragg in a 1984 study of Olivier, and John Miller in the authorised biography of Richardson, both	both	DET	comment	NOUN	 comment
Despite renewed interest from Camacho, then coach of Osasuna, Pablo moved to England, where he signed a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
The word Renaissance has also been extended to other historical and cultural movements, such as the Carolingian Renaissance and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" I Won't Say (I'm in Love) " resembles an " admonishing " exchange between Meg	Meg	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Imogen was unsure that she could maintain a working relationship with Pears alone, and on reaching the age of	of	ADP	70	NUM	 70
DNA based evidence finds that birds diversified dramatically around the time of the Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction event that killed	killed	VERB	off	ADP	 off
As Beauty and the Beast's " most frequently heard song, " BuzzSugar ranked " Be Our Guest "	"	PUNCT	third	ADV	 third
In 1934, he scored 624 runs at 36.70. After a solid start, he scored his final first	first	ADJ	class	NOUN	 class
In particular, he observed that satellites do not fall as one unit; instead, the spacecraft broke up	up	ADP	into	ADP	 into
For December 5, David Martin says that General Irvine's force took about 40 casualties, while a Loyalist	Loyalist	ADJ	officer	NOUN	 officer
He submitted a sketch of the model in 1892, but that design was not approved. Not only did	did	AUX	Ward	PROPN	 Ward
Windle won the 1500 m freestyle and took bronze in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay at the 1964	1964	NUM	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
The album peaked at number six on the Canadian Albums Chart. Jepsen's second studio album was initially planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
Birkelund, however, says Flammen was killed on a coastal road while the Gestapo was looking for another resistance	resistance	NOUN	member	NOUN	 member
Attanasio also based the characters in Homicide on the detectives featured in Simon's book. The difficulties Bayliss experienced	experienced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Contrasting first season episodes to those of the seventh season, Kenny said that " there's a bit	bit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Brazilian military regime that took power in 1964 saw both Gil and Veloso as a threat, and the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
This game was also among the first American developed games to feature these elements. Hunter (1991) has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Ordinary service with Gullfisk trams from Ljabru to Jar on the Lilleaker Line started on 29 September. The new	new	ADJ	service	NOUN	 service
The town's name in Welsh, Llanilltud Fawr, is derived from the name of Saint Illtud, who	who	PRON	came	VERB	 came
Butterfield rejected the arguments of his Victorian predecessors with withering disdain: " Erskine May must be a good example	example	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the end of 1938 one of the first editions of Sonderfahndungsbuch Polen was printed by the Nazis, containing	containing	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
" His review for the second season After Story was much more positive, giving it an ' A- '	'	PUNCT	rating	NOUN	 rating
The teams entering the race were: The starting peloton did not include the 1987 winner, Stephen Roche,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Fans of the series reacted strongly, creating a social media campaign to save the series; despite these efforts	efforts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Because of these problems, use of variable rules analysis died down by the end of the 1980s. Nevertheless	Nevertheless	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Chocolina (チョコリーナ, Chokorīna) is a supporting character that first appears in Final Fantasy XIII 2. In	In	ADP	Sazh	PROPN	 Sazh
Leicester's importance in literary patronage was established by Eleanor Rosenberg in 1955. Elizabethan Puritanism has been thoroughly reassessed	reassessed	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
The workers were mainly pulled from Grant, Lincoln, Douglas, and Okanogan counties and women were allowed to	to	PART	work	VERB	 work
" Editor Chris Logan explained: " The book ’ s content is very serious, but it's not	not	PART	presented	VERB	 presented
Finding that they enjoyed England, the family abandoned plans to return to Australia. After being educated by a	a	DET	governess	NOUN	 governess
The tengu's long noses ally them with the Shinto deity Sarutahiko, who is described in the Japanese historical	historical	ADJ	text	NOUN	 text
] Although the Matrikas are mostly grouped as seven goddesses over the rest of the Indian Subcontinent, an eighth	eighth	ADJ	Matrikas	PROPN	 Matrikas
Miyazaki wanted to produce a new film for years, he previously wrote two project proposals, but they were	were	AUX	rejected	VERB	 rejected
They then sailed to the wrecks of the 1715 Spanish fleet, off the eastern coast of Florida. There	There	PRON	Teach	AUX	 Teach
Finally, both Malaysian and Singaporean fishermen could continue traditional fishing activities in those waters. In September 2008,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Saturated soils caused mudslides throughout Puerto Rico, although only one resulted in loss of life. In the hillside	hillside	NOUN	community	NOUN	 community
Even the atmosphere of each of the areas you explore fit the locale. " Mooney called the animation "	"	PUNCT	extremely	ADV	 extremely
According to Newsweek editor N ' Gai Croal, " There was a lot of imagery in that trailer that	that	PRON	dovetailed	VERB	 dovetailed
Chakrapong was subsequently appointed as a privy councillor to the Supreme Privy Council and dedicated himself to humanitarian work and	and	CCONJ	supporting	VERB	 supporting
" Alkan's technical mastery of the keyboard was asserted by the publication in 1838 of the Trois grandes études	études	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
This two part vocal fades as a solo harmonica plays a melody on top of the persistent quarter note bass	bass	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
" X Play editor Andrew Pfister awarded Super Mario Galaxy 2 a 5 / 5, calling it " the	the	DET	culmination	NOUN	 culmination
Also as part of the agreement, the media was to be informed of the settlement and requested to provide	provide	VERB	only	ADV	 only
By 1939 the class was divided between New Cross, Stewarts Lane and Tonbridge sheds. As with the preceding	preceding	VERB	N	PROPN	 N
Geary Street, on which the theatre is located, was decorated with Chinese lanterns, and a marching band	band	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Even William IV (in his last recorded utterance) thought the building a " nasty little pokey hole "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The estimated cost was $1200, so Morris enlisted wealthy residents of Litchfield and South Farms. On November	November	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Ships of the Argentine navy kept Uruguayan gunships away from the operation. Back on his native soil, Flores	Flores	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
" Going into the race, Hamilton was leading the World Drivers ' Championship by ten points from teammate Nico	Nico	PROPN	Rosberg	PROPN	 Rosberg
The film tells the story of two unhappily married couples in New York, and an ensuing extramarital affair.	.	PUNCT	Zinta	PROPN	 Zinta
Bethe left Germany in 1933, moving to England after receiving an offer for a position as lecturer at the	the	DET	University	PROPN	 University
Leigh had said in 2003 that GCHQ's original estimate for the cost of the move was " staggeringly inaccurate	inaccurate	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Building on the work of the Poles, they had set up a good working system for decrypting Enigma signals	signals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 5,308 m2 (57,130 sq ft) Senedd building was opened by Queen Elizabeth II, the Duke of	of	ADP	Edinburgh	PROPN	 Edinburgh
The episode received a 4.3 rating / 10 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
In 2011, The Guardian also ranked Bristol as third in the UK for geography, just behind second place	place	NOUN	Oxford	PROPN	 Oxford
In 1988, the new Parliament House was built on Capital Hill, thereby completing the most important structure in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background	background	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The organ's secular repertoire includes preludes, fugues, sonatas, organ symphonies, suites, and transcriptions of	of	ADP	orchestral	ADJ	 orchestral
The scenes showing Borat's home village were filmed in the village of Glod, Romania. The name of	of	ADP	Borat	PROPN	 Borat
BBC Music's Mike Diver described the album as " a fans pleasing eighth album from Britain's most consistently	consistently	ADV	brilliant	ADJ	 brilliant
The Captain leaves Lieutenant Geordi La Forge (Levar Burton) in command (Geordi's first time in Acting	Acting	PROPN	Command	PROPN	 Command
However, Kesiny developed an eye and re intensified into a tropical cyclone on May 9, reaching peak winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Since its release the film has been criticized in particular for being unnecessarily lengthy and its overacting (particularly by	by	ADP	Rainer	PROPN	 Rainer
Testing later resumed, and VR announced in 1997 that it would start normal operations with the Pendolino despite electrical	electrical	ADJ	problems	NOUN	 problems
The Emperor also appointed him to the Council of State on October 1870. But none of this prevented Caxias	Caxias	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
The Allied armies fell back 40 miles in confusion, and facing defeat London realized it needed more troops to	to	PART	fight	VERB	 fight
The language in literary works is contrasted from scientific and other language by the use of connotative (non literal	literal	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
An alternative theory suggests that Beonna and Beornred may perhaps have been kinsmen from the same dynasty with ambitions to	to	PART	rule	VERB	 rule
The building has an exposed gridded steel roof 19 feet (580 cm) high, supported by six pairs	pairs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Jupiter and Saturn are together over 400 times the mass of Earth and consist overwhelmingly of hydrogen and helium;	;	PUNCT	Uranus	PROPN	 Uranus
The town of Brookings was founded in the early 20th century, and incorporated in 1951. Fourteen thousand residents	residents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Both ships saw combat during the First Balkan War in 1913, primarily in supporting Ottoman forces ashore in East	East	PROPN	Thrace	PROPN	 Thrace
Mr Knight of Cannington alerted the nuns to the sale of Taunton Lodge, and they raised the £3,150	3,150	NUM	required	VERB	 required
She " loved " Ruby's death in the finale, describing it as " a beautiful thing ".	.	PUNCT	Similar	ADJ	 Similar
Along with Belgrano, Nicolás Rodríguez Peña, and Hipólito Vieytes, Castelli planned a revolution to replace the absolute	absolute	ADJ	monarchy	NOUN	 monarchy
The top level of club participation is the English Premiership. Leicester Tigers, London Wasps, Bath Rugby and	and	CCONJ	Northampton	PROPN	 Northampton
Two workers from a nearby factory found a series of footprints on the newly harrowed field near the pit,	,	PUNCT	showing	VERB	 showing
MD 32 traverses Dorsey Run into the industrial community of Annapolis Junction, where westbound MD 32 has an interchange	interchange	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" Introduction I " – 1: 37 " Raga Kaushi Kanhara: Alap Jor Jhala " – 19:	:	SYM	02	NUM	 02
Six hours later at 1800 UTC, Adrian degenerated into a swirl of low clouds while situated 300 mi (	(	PUNCT	480	NUM	480
English railway officers have more dignity than to act in this manner. " The railway had stations at:	:	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
He instituted the Harvard national scholarships for underprivileged students. Dudley House was opened as a place where non resident	resident	ADJ	students	NOUN	 students
After developing a minimal amount of deep convection, an Air Force Reserve Command reconnaissance aircraft found a well defined	defined	VERB	low	ADJ	 low
Teixeira was then hit by a pitch and Rodriguez put the Yankees ahead with a double, scoring Damon.	.	PUNCT	Posada	PROPN	 Posada
When they arrive, they find only telekinetically floating rocks, Cyclops ' glasses, and an unconscious Jean.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
A native of Cleveland, Ostrum was 12 years old when selected by talent agents for Willy Wonka. Though	Though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
After a first leg draw, they won the second leg 4 – 0 with two goals and an assist	assist	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
On 11 March Okello was officially stripped of his rank of Field Marshal, and was denied entry when trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
She enjoys playing the saxophone and became friends with jazz musician Bleeding Gums Murphy, whom she regards as an	an	DET	idol	NOUN	 idol
He keeps them moist and when they are ready to hatch, he visits a pond or ditch and releases	releases	VERB	the	DET	 the
In April 1934, Smith incorporated the Church of Thelema under US law, although retained the North American O.T.O.	O.T.O.	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
For her work as the character, Smith received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice Over Performance in 1992	1992	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
During his quest, he meets the ancient vampire Vorador, who influences him to forsake his former humanity and	and	CCONJ	accept	VERB	 accept
The duo begin asking Ben questions about his time as a teen mayor in Partridge, Minnesota, having researched	researched	VERB	how	SCONJ	 how
Since the project had been organised by the current government, it was also not interested in delving deeply into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
These voyages, when to any degree successful, added to the sum of European geographic knowledge about the Western	Western	PROPN	Hemisphere	PROPN	 Hemisphere
The blood – brain barrier is a part of the capillary system that prevents the entry of T cells into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
After all the remainders r0, r1, etc. have been substituted, the final equation expresses g as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The filmmaker was drawn to the contrast of " engagement versus disengagement. Do we want to participate or observe	observe	VERB	?	PUNCT	?
Charles Swenson developed Down and Dirty Duck as a project for Flo and Eddie (Howard Kaylan and Mark Volman	Volman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She made Toulon without further incident where the ship was refitted and extensively modified to improve her stability, returning	returning	VERB	to	ADP	 to
From 1 July 2009, new rules were introduced to exempt most non UK dividends from corporation tax so these	these	DET	double	ADJ	 double
These crops could provide 0.8 GW of generating capacity. The Energy Savings Trust has estimated that micro generation could	could	AUX	provide	VERB	 provide
Later on August 23, the storm " jumped " northward before making another landfall in the Cuban province of	of	ADP	Guantánamo	PROPN	 Guantánamo
Regardless, Sifton practised law and was in 1885 made a notary public. Three years later, he earned	earned	VERB	a	DET	 a
On 5 May 1789 Louis XVI summoned the Estates General which has been in abeyance since 1614, triggering a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
He completed 2011 – 12 with 38 appearances for York, after which he signed a new one year contract	contract	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Her first appearance in a Grand Slam was at the 2002 Australian Open and her first Grand Slam title came	came	VERB	at	ADP	 at
During much of the ride's history, the trains were dispatched simultaneously, providing three near miss encounters along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
In March, it was reported that Penn had completed the first draft of the script, and that Marvel	Marvel	PROPN	editor	NOUN	 editor
Yet there is a special pathos in these obscure tombs; the crude inscriptions on the clumsy monuments are so	so	ADV	poignant	ADJ	 poignant
Most chitinozoans are found as isolated fossils, but chains of multiple tests, joined from aperture to base,	,	PUNCT	have	AUX	 have
Little was done initially to improve the fortifications, beyond making modest upgrades and repairing the damage caused by the	the	DET	1704	NUM	 1704
Claudia confronts Susan and Gabrielle about Alejandro's disappearance, but agrees to stop prying after learning that he had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In about 1911, an adult male skull was found in the moss; it was thought to belong to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The generous offer was, however denied by Charles who crossed the Saxon border in September 5. As Saxony	Saxony	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Finally, he plunged into every wickedness and disgrace, when fear and shame being cast off, he simply	simply	ADV	indulged	VERB	 indulged
Oscar winner Clay Pinney, known for his work on Independence Day and Star Trek, was also brought on	on	ADP	board	NOUN	 board
ONI Agent Jameson Locke is a Spartan IV who first appeared in Halo 2 Anniversary's both opening and ending	ending	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The animators Billy Allison and Stuart Atkinson created " huge " DPaint made character sequences but they had to implement	implement	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The Major General and his many daughters escape from the tender hearted Pirates of Penzance, who are all orphans	orphans	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A U.S. Army Reserve training unit, the brigade provides operational training readiness for units in the First Army.	.	PUNCT	Tracing	VERB	 Tracing
Yoga awakens her, by bringing vital air and heat to her. Verses 4.26 – 35 state that the	the	DET	human	ADJ	 human
Doctor Who Magazine placed two of the deaths in the episode in its list of the top 100 deaths in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was an homage to a mainstay of Batman comic books of the Dick Sprang era, often featuring the	the	DET	hero	NOUN	 hero
For example, their roots and stems contain large air spaces (aerenchyma) that regulate the efficient transportation of	of	ADP	gases	NOUN	 gases
Maulbetsch was born and grew up in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He attended Ann Arbor High School where he	he	PRON	led	VERB	 led
" Guttman presented Dr George Bedbrook with the Stoke Mandeville pennant in recognition for the organisation of the Games.	.	PUNCT	Each	DET	 Each
As he explained, " U2's effort to discuss any humanitarian issue have sometimes been accompanied by a false	false	ADJ	instinct	NOUN	 instinct
This proved to be fortuitous, as legal issues prevented the plan from going ahead. Instead a portion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tertullian draws a parallel between Isaac's bearing the wood for the sacrificial fire with Christ's carrying his cross	cross	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Alex Andrews of Thrash Hits gave the album a four out of six rating, saying: " The flipside	flipside	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although digital distribution could not yet match retail volume, profit margins for Valve and developers were far larger on	on	ADP	Steam	PROPN	 Steam
He served as a Washington Senators coach in 1924, which were managed by his former Highlanders manager, Clark	Clark	PROPN	Griffith	PROPN	 Griffith
Hallowell wanted to help promote Rodin's work and he suggested a solo exhibition, which she wrote him was	was	AUX	beaucoup	PROPN	 beaucoup
In 1956 he began to tour Europe and the Americas playing Indian classical music and increased its popularity there in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition came the operating deficit of the airport itself. The company Norcharter had been created by Hol and	and	CCONJ	Nore	PROPN	 Nore
In mid 2007, Biden stressed his foreign policy expertise compared to Obama's, saying of the latter,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Many of the works were influenced by the " specificity and qualities " of Jifna, while others dealt with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is an isolated outpost of the Inner Hebrides archipelago. The author Robert Louis Stevenson wrote: An ugly	ugly	ADJ	reef	NOUN	 reef
The administrative and legal reforms which earned him the name Law Giver ensured the Empire's survival long after his	his	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
" At 2 p.m., BBC Radio 1 reported: " Jimi Hendrix, regarded by millions as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
New crops were also introduced; however, sugarcane and coffee led to plantations that economically exploited native labour.	.	PUNCT	Sixty	NUM	 Sixty
White Plume Mountain is set in the World of Greyhawk, a campaign setting for Dungeons & Dragons. The	The	DET	module	NOUN	 module
" Testing the White Dwarf Mass ‐ Radius Relation withHipparcos ". The Astrophysical Journal 494 (2): 759	759	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The castle was located around 175 feet (53 m) above the river and would have dominated this part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The course would also study Muthu. In January 2011, Rajinikanth was slated to appear in Rana, a	a	DET	period	NOUN	 period
The film received mixed reviews from critics; in which negative assessments sorted the film as " silly and illogical	illogical	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Toby Green of The Guardian attended a concert at The Roundhouse in London and gave the performance four out of	of	ADP	five	NUM	 five
" Woodworth concluded, however, that the Supreme Court's ruling laid the issue to rest, saying that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
As Chris becomes famous for his driving performance, he begins an affair with Liz Linshaw. With Echevarria's	's	PART	son	NOUN	 son
He was punched in the stomach then stabbed three times from behind through the throat and chest with a foot	foot	NOUN	long	ADJ	 long
Jones had told Swedien to create a drum sound that no one had ever heard before. The audio engineer	engineer	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
A descendant of John — John Byron — served as High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1572, and was knighted	knighted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The first effects of the flood began to be felt in Fairbanks late on the 29th, as the Tanana	Tanana	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau and the City of Houston (2008, where available, and	and	CCONJ	2000	NUM	 2000
However, this strategy backfired; the conference, held from September 18 – 22 of 1917, adopted a	a	DET	resolution	NOUN	 resolution
When black postmasters at Hogansville, Georgia in 1897, and at Lake City, South Carolina the following year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In Manhattan, a monument honoring him was installed on Raoul Wallenberg Walk, named in his honor,	,	PUNCT	across	ADP	 across
Initially, there were 30 precipitating tanks and 60 aerating or filtering tanks. The railway also developed, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Much of it is the Davison Freeway, the nation's first urban depressed freeway, which became a connector	connector	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Prime Minister Geir H. Haarde announced on 23 January 2009 that he would be stepping down as leader of the	the	DET	Independence	PROPN	 Independence
Chappuis appeared on the cover of the October 28, 1947 issue of Look magazine which featured pictures of him	him	PRON	on	ADP	 on
Brittonia 36: 293 – 296. 1984. Samuels GJ, Rogerson CT, Rossman AY, Smith JD	JD	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For example, the character of Candace was named Lisa Lambert in real life. The casting process for Boys	Boys	NOUN	Do	AUX	 Do
He went on to take a job at the private Ethical Culture Fieldston School on New York City's Central	Central	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
The video was also filmed in Miami, at the Spanish monastery of St. Bernard of Clairvaux (a historic	historic	ADJ	building	NOUN	 building
Centers of chess activity in this period were coffee houses in big European cities like Café de la Régence in	in	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
The main Nancy Drew series, The Nancy Drew Files, and Girl Detective books have been translated into a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Manfteuffel's army was formed up by the 66th Infantry Corps (18th and 62nd Volksgrenadier divisions), 58th	58th	PROPN	Panzer	PROPN	 Panzer
A preview service of electric trains ran on 27 April 1986 and the full timetabled service commenced on 12 May	May	PROPN	1986	NUM	 1986
Subsequent investigators of North American mushroom flora had difficulties in interpreting Peck's concepts of these three taxa and in	in	ADP	confirming	VERB	 confirming
The Derby was won by Sir Hugo, but many believed that Orme would have won easily had he made	made	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Others argue and hold that Chol HaMoed does not constitute a " sign " in which case tefillin must be	be	AUX	laid	VERB	 laid
It was originally intended to show that Berlin " is taking an upward path in its development ". The	The	DET	tower	NOUN	 tower
Astronomers did not observe large amounts of water following the collisions, and later impact studies found that fragmentation and	and	CCONJ	destruction	NOUN	 destruction
Barker learned the drum tracks for the band's set in only 45 minutes prior to his first show.	.	PUNCT	Raynor	PROPN	 Raynor
Marshall had seen the Aston Martin DBS V12 used in the James Bond film Casino Royale (2006) and	and	CCONJ	sought	VERB	 sought
His physical condition did not allow him many opportunities to play any other positions, so this compelled his managers	managers	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The pair remained friends until his death in 1979. Soon after moving to California, Hepburn began a relationship	relationship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The one negative from their performance was the dismissal of Graeme Le Saux for a second bookable offence in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In 2002, Turunen toured South America, performing in the classical Lied concert Noche Escandinava (Scandinavian Night)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Tulsi Satsai (तुलसी सतसई), literally Seven Hundred Verses by Tulsidas, is a work in both Awadhi	Awadhi	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the words of GameSpot's Greg Kasavin: " The very first time you boot up Morrowind, you	you	PRON	'll	AUX	'll
" Following the Dennis decision, the Court utilized balancing tests for free speech cases, and rarely invoked the	the	DET	clear	ADJ	 clear
The third edition, published in 2003, included 36 new species and several new paintings. Stebbins considered keeping	keeping	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The New York Times Book Review was more critical, pointing out Crane's support for Scott's discredited claims	claims	NOUN	regarding	VERB	 regarding
Thus Alcibiades, instead of going straight home, first went to Samos to pick up 20 ships and proceeded	proceeded	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Before leaving Whorf presented the paper " Stem series in Maya " at the Linguistic Society of America conference,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The outnumbered Confederate forces fought desperately and well. Despite significant advantages in manpower, McClellan was unable to concentrate	concentrate	VERB	his	PRON	 his
He is notable for the formal application of the caste system to the entire Hindu population of British India in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, Shinoda, after listening to the demos again after the end of the tour, felt a strong	strong	ADJ	negativity	NOUN	 negativity
Like its predecessor the film was shot mostly in California, except for a key sequence in Monaco. Iron	Iron	PROPN	Man	PROPN	 Man
Headaches and nausea have been reported from ingesting large quantities of the fluid, though it is not known to	to	PART	contain	VERB	 contain
The JNA's Operational Group South now began to systematically clear the town centre, cutting off the remaining groups	groups	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the United States commenced hostilities against Germany in April 1917, Krueger was assigned to the 84th Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The fleet then sailed south, and attacked a German convoy near Bodø, sinking three merchant ships for the	the	DET	loss	NOUN	 loss
The highway was built and subsequently maintained by New York City as the result of a 1909 court order,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
On November 17, 1956, Chotiner married his longtime assistant, Ruth Arnold. Despite his success in advancing	advancing	VERB	Nixon	PROPN	 Nixon
New abilities such as tail swings, greater jumping ability and increased movement speed can also be obtained through evolution	evolution	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2000, he was voted onto the Wolverine ’ s " All Century Team ". Skrepenak was drafted	drafted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the Assembly Hall, which is part of the	the	DET	School	PROPN	 School
" The members of the committee from the Senate were opposed to constitutionalizing the vicinage requirement, believing that the	the	DET	vicinage	NOUN	 vicinage
They also reflect a shift towards the French genre of grand opera, notable in more colorful orchestration, counterpointing	counterpointing	VERB	of	ADP	 of
As usual, Katsura was the sole female contestant. In her first round she was victorious over Miller,	,	PUNCT	60	NUM	 60
It adds that he was buried at Wareham " without any royal honours ". The compiler of this version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On average the motorway carries 15% increased volume of traffic during summer months. As the Hungarian M6 motorway	motorway	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The site, which is little more than the junction and a few trees, functions as a rest area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All I really want is [to] just be me and that's what I should have done in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meanwhile, Obi Wan is dispatched to the planet Utapau to deal with General Grievous, and Yoda is dispatched	dispatched	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It was released on October 24, 2000, by RCA Records. The album was recorded from late 1999	1999	NUM	to	ADP	 to
" In the 1966 pre season, Timberlake was third on the Giants ' depth chart at quarterback. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Pound published 90 copies in Paris in 1925 of A Draft of XVI. Cantos of Ezra Pound for the	the	DET	Beginning	NOUN	 Beginning
Aston Villa Football Club were formed in March 1874, by members of the Villa Cross Wesleyan Chapel in Handsworth	Handsworth	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
Despite previously issued warnings, rough seas produced by the hurricane still caused several ship accidents. Strong waves forced	forced	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
Winning the NL batting title by a 43 point margin, with an on base percentage lead of 27 points	points	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
There is also a bust of San Martin at the Intramuros or Walled City of Manila, which was erected	erected	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Rachel feels threatened by her boyfriend Finn's (Cory Monteith) desire to re join the school football team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The camp was protected by 300 troopers of Confederate cavalry, commanded by Col. Nathan Bedford Forrest. The	The	DET	road	NOUN	 road
In an alternate reality, Joker destroys Metropolis with a nuclear weapon, killing millions of people, after tricking	tricking	VERB	Superman	PROPN	 Superman
His 1768 Massachusetts Circular Letter calling for colonial non cooperation prompted the occupation of Boston by British soldiers, eventually	eventually	ADV	resulting	VERB	 resulting
In the final moments, Pat Walsh, the NSW forward, got close to scoring but lost the ball	ball	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
About a mile into Morris County, US 46 divides and becomes a four lane highway, turning north and	and	CCONJ	crossing	VERB	 crossing
" I understood when I went to the Times Herald I was to have full control. That control was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
More Cypriot immigrants arrived during the National Organisation of Cypriot Fighters (EOKA) ' s campaign for Cypriot independence	independence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Such a proposal was also included in the Grand Remonstrance, a list of grievances which Parliament presented to Charles	Charles	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Thelma ultimately succumbed to wind shear and degraded to a tropical depression. On November 8, the depression made	made	VERB	landfall	NOUN	 landfall
Seasonal automobile roads with scenic vistas are located at Poet's Seat Park, Mount Sugarloaf State Reservation, J.A.	J.A.	PROPN	Skinner	PROPN	 Skinner
" After effecting repairs in New York, Admiral Graves sailed from New York on 19 October with 25 ships	ships	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An important recreation resource located within 10 miles (16 km) of a population corridor of over 1.5 million	million	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
Meanwhile, in 1861, after decades of construction, the Wellington Monument in Dublin's Phoenix Park was completed	completed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He is described as a " thin and stern faced man of about 50 [years of age] "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Two other reactors in Barsebäck were shut down in 1999 and 2005. When these reactors were built, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
During The King of Fighters EX: Neo Blood, Moe Habana, the heir of one of the ten	ten	NUM	sacred	ADJ	 sacred
Game Informer called Fish the film's " most memorable developer ", and Rock, Paper, Shotgun wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
There is evidence that mirror neurons exist in humans as well as in non human animals. The right fusiform	fusiform	NOUN	gyrus	NOUN	 gyrus
Elements of the division's pioneers joined in the final assault on the heights beyond the river and aided in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In locations such as the Andes of South America and Himalayas in Asia, the demise of glaciers in these	these	DET	regions	NOUN	 regions
This provided the Navy with enough ships to form two full battle squadrons of eight ships each. The fleet	fleet	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On December 12, 1990, the NHL approved a new franchise for Firestone's group, to start play	play	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This major mountain building event started near the end of the Mesozoic, around 75 million years ago, and	and	CCONJ	continued	VERB	 continued
An accompanying music video for " Balans " was directed by Anton San and released onto Stan's YouTube channel	channel	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Eilley reinvented herself as " The Famous Washoe Seeress ", a professional scryer and fortune teller in Nevada and	and	CCONJ	California	PROPN	 California
It was written by co executive producer John Riggi and directed by Don Scardino. The episode originally aired on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Western troops soon pulled out of the civil war, instead only supporting the Whites with officers, technicians and	and	CCONJ	armaments	NOUN	 armaments
The chair of this council is held by the member from the state holding the presidency (see section above	above	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
Deficiencies of vitamins are classified as either primary or secondary. A primary deficiency occurs when an organism does not	not	PART	get	VERB	 get
The major emendations in the final versions can be summarized as follows: The most frequent modification is expansion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hannover was struck from the navy list in 1936 and destined for the scrapyard. There were ideas to rebuilt	rebuilt	VERB	her	PRON	 her
For example, men convict more frequently than women in some types of criminal trials but less frequently in others	others	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kurt has been receiving valentines and gifts all week from a secret admirer that he believes to be Blaine (	(	PUNCT	Darren	PROPN	Darren
The original building was constructed in 1926, and became famous when the national media picked up a story about	about	ADP	actress	NOUN	 actress
All the interior footage had practical effects, including debris and explosions, with computer graphics used only to add	add	VERB	exteriors	NOUN	 exteriors
Turing was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1951. In addition, he has	has	AUX	had	VERB	 had
On the critical first day of the battle, 16 October, a French 100 gun artillery barrage forced a	a	DET	hole	NOUN	 hole
It receives North Slough, connected to Bybee Lake, on the right, and passes through the Ramsey Lake	Lake	PROPN	Wetlands	PROPN	 Wetlands
In 1933, all of VT 17 and the portion of VT F 7's former routing between Addison and	and	CCONJ	New	PROPN	 New
The defensive line once again came through with a great performance, holding the Cardinals to just 33 yards on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The purpose of Brougham's speech was to illustrate that three courts of identical jurisdiction were unnecessary, and further	further	ADV	that	SCONJ	 that
All this time the heat was so intense that butcher's meat could hardly be eaten on the day after	after	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
One squadron was to be equipped with Crusaders with the other two squadrons operating Shermans. The regiment would spend	spend	VERB	the	DET	 the
He remarked that and the NAIT 2 resembled his Krell KSP 7B / KSA 80 combination sonically, but lacked	lacked	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Audrey Buckles died in 1999, and their daughter moved back to the farm to care for him. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
The war degenerated into a stalemate, with Matilda controlling much of the south west of England, and Stephen	Stephen	PROPN	the	DET	 the
The central theme of the book is that biologists of its author's day overemphasized evolution as the fundamental determinant	determinant	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bernard married Amelia Offley, daughter of the sheriff of Derbyshire, in December 1741, and the couple raised	raised	VERB	a	DET	 a
Such a situation, he argued, would undermine the predictability and uniformity of a sound legal system. Imam	Imam	PROPN	Malik	PROPN	 Malik
Qualified SASR members wear a sandy coloured beret with a metal, gold and silver badge, depicting the sword	sword	NOUN	Excalibur	PROPN	 Excalibur
This is the signature of an antiproton annihilation. The next year, a group led by Owen Chamberlain and	and	CCONJ	Emilio	PROPN	 Emilio
Late on November 4, Florence was upgraded to a hurricane as a solid area of deep convection developed around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
The flight deck between the elevators was bulged up and buckled; one section of the flight deck out was	was	AUX	blown	VERB	 blown
This Purifier thinks he is Fenix in a dragoon shell. Artanis is overjoyed to meet this manifestation of his	his	PRON	old	ADJ	 old
1046 – 221 BC), where it meant " to present ", as in poetic recitations. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
BL I 94 turns southeasterly off King Highway, which continues as M 96. BL I 94 (Amvets	Amvets	PROPN	Memorial	PROPN	 Memorial
She was named German Sportswoman of the Year in 2007, 2011 and 2012. Magdalena Neuner was born in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The interviewer was very pleased with Baker's performance and decided to sign him for the job. As for	for	ADP	Ghale	PROPN	 Ghale
This race is found in central Siberia from about the Ob eastward to Lake Baikal, north to about latitudes	latitudes	PROPN	580	NUM	 580
Sheriff Fleming told his deputies not to stop the lynching, and no one was arrested after the event.	.	PUNCT	Bernstein	PROPN	 Bernstein
The mass of biochemical knowledge grew rapidly throughout the early 20th century. One of the most prolific of these	these	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
Since Billboard began monitoring music downloads in 2010, " Bidi Bidi Bom Bom " has remained on the Regional	Regional	PROPN	Mexican	PROPN	 Mexican
It's really fun, but I'm escaping from my boyfriend and escaping from the paparazzi and trying to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
In 1984 an association of veterans of the Regiment erected a marker in Salinas in honor of their former unit	unit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 9 July 1997, the Cambodian Foreign Ministry issued a White paper labelling Ranariddh a " criminal " and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
An AllMusic critique describes it as " one of the greatest, most inspiring rock records of all time "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Strathearn and March were forfeited in 1427 and 1435 respectively. Mar was forfeited in 1435 on the earl's	's	PART	death	NOUN	 death
The terrain in this part of the bay offered significant advantage to defending forces, lined as it was with	with	ADP	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
The running order was changed, and four songs (" Cousin Kevin ", " Underture ", "	"	PUNCT	Sensation	NOUN	 Sensation
The main effect of gender in Czech is the difference in noun and adjective declension, but other effects include	include	VERB	past	ADP	 past
That night, a sergeant from Rhode Island deserted, carrying the plan of attack to the British. Montgomery	Montgomery	PROPN	consequently	ADV	 consequently
The mechanism of actin filament initiation by Arp2 / 3 has been disputed. The question is where the complex	complex	ADJ	binds	VERB	 binds
The track was ultimately released on September 10, and was serviced to rhythmic contemporary radio stations in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Meanwhile, Halsey's carrier and battleship task forces remained just beyond Japanese air attack range about 300 mi (	(	PUNCT	260	NUM	260
" At the airport, Scully is pretending to read the fictional Miami Post Tribune but closer inspection reveals that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
A desperate Homer insists on taking Bart deer hunting with Moe and Barney. When they can not find any	any	DET	deer	NOUN	 deer
Early on August 28, all watches and warnings were discontinued as Kiko weakened into a tropical depression and moved	moved	VERB	away	ADV	 away
Grant's reactions to the scandals ranged from prosecuting the perpetrators to protecting or pardoning those who were accused and	and	CCONJ	convicted	VERB	 convicted
W. Harrison Holt moved to Tiffin, Ohio, to manage the company's lumber business there, where he	he	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
I've found the two almost equally rewarding. " An important contributor to this was his enjoyment of flying	flying	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The most common and successful variant is the 777 300ER with 660 delivered and 800 orders; Emirates operates the	the	DET	largest	ADJ	 largest
No accurate global population numbers are available, but the great white shark is now considered vulnerable. Sharks taken	taken	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Additionally, as the storm churned in the Gulf, forecasters predicted that it would strike Houston, Texas,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He was enrolled at the Albert School, and befriended Wilf Cude, an immigrant child from Wales who would	would	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The South Vietnamese, in their efforts to hold the district, lost more than three thousand soldiers killed or	or	CCONJ	captured	VERB	 captured
The film ranked at the top in its opening weekend, accumulating $48 million, which was seen as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
This would appear to have been about the point when Amlaíb mac Gofraid began his own forty year reign in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ryszard Siwiec married in 1945 and had five children. According to friends and family, he had extensive historical	historical	ADJ	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
Perry praised the game's wide variety of weapons and gadgets, having counted at least thirty different weapons and	and	CCONJ	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
Each driver was limited to twelve laps, with the grid order decided by the drivers ' fastest laps.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The Uberti family houses had formerly stood at the location of the new piazza, but the Uberti were "	"	PUNCT	rebels	NOUN	 rebels
Music too has been inspired by the ocean. Sea shanties were chanted by mariners to help coordinate arduous tasks	tasks	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The historic reasoning for the regressive nature of the payroll tax is that entitlement programs have not been viewed as	as	ADP	welfare	NOUN	 welfare
UCLA curators, who maintain a large collection of Manutius's printing, have described this as a " wholesale	wholesale	ADJ	change	NOUN	 change
Bowling from the other end, Bedser beat Bradman with seam movement off the pitch and the ball narrowly skimmed	skimmed	VERB	past	ADP	 past
" Prior to being cast in Dallas, Principal had starred in a few small roles in movies and television	television	NOUN	specials	NOUN	 specials
City then lost 2 – 0 at Bayern Munich, a match most notable for the refusal of Carlos Tevez	Tevez	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Making a plaster cast, called an endocast, of the inside of this cavity allowed Maleev to make preliminary	preliminary	ADJ	observations	NOUN	 observations
In spite of this, reviewers generally felt that the drawbacks of the game were minor in comparison to its	its	PRON	strengths	NOUN	 strengths
Although punk rock was a significant social and musical phenomenon, it achieved less in the way of record sales	sales	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
After peaking at 140 mph (230 km / h) with an estimated central pressure of 938 mb (	(	PUNCT	27.70	NUM	27.70
The policy which would, some 30 years later, come to be called the " Monroe Doctrine " was	was	AUX	contained	VERB	 contained
The arena is located next to the ski jumping hill Lysgårdsbakken, with which it shares some broadcasting and telecommunications	telecommunications	NOUN	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
Its name means “ chisel ” in Latin, and it was formerly known as Caelum Scalptorium (“ the	the	DET	engravers	NOUN	 engravers
The EPA rated the 2011 Volt combined fuel economy at 93 miles per gallon gasoline equivalent (MPG e)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" In a 2008 interview, Bakshi referred to Crumb as a " hustler " and stated, " He	He	PRON	goes	VERB	 goes
The battalion arrived at Marseilles on 23 June and afterwards was transported by rail to Hazebrouck. On 8 July	July	PROPN	the	DET	 the
He also wrote that Aguilera " hits the clubs in horny revenge. " Caomhan Keane for Entertainment.ie described "	"	PUNCT	Red	PROPN	 Red
She wonders whether she could die like this - all to protect her family … " In December 2010,	,	PUNCT	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
Bushnell felt that Galaxy Game was not a real competitor to Computer Space, due to its high price.	.	PUNCT	Pitts	PROPN	 Pitts
Peter the Great ordered that the boat be displayed in the Kremlin in 1722 in honor of the Peace of	of	ADP	Nystad	PROPN	 Nystad
Extending from the 164th south and west across Edson's Ridge to the Lunga River was the 7th Marine Regiment	Regiment	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the receipt of an impression, the soul is purely passive and the impression reveals not only its own	own	ADJ	existence	NOUN	 existence
This natural rivalry was amplified by a basketball game held the day prior to the Gator Bowl that pitted the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior is a fighting game that supports one or two players. Players assume the roles	roles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Even friends admit to some trepidation in her presence. " Anna happens to be a friend of mine	mine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pitt and Landon Ronald conducted the Royal Albert Hall Orchestra; Eugene Goossens conducted the London Symphony Orchestra; and	and	CCONJ	Hamilton	PROPN	 Hamilton
Ottavio Rinuccini was the librettist for both Dafne and Euridice. In the new genre a complete story was told	told	VERB	through	ADP	 through
The image was adapted from a photograph included in Alice Stone Blackwell's biography of Stone. Until 1999,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Lactarius blennius has a flattened convex cap that is 4 – 10 cm (1.6 – 4 in) across	across	ADP	that	PRON	 that
In 2000, the agricultural, hunting / fishing, forestry, and mining industries made up 5.46% of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For her role in the film Sophie's Choice (1982), Streep spoke both English and German with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Age of Empires series has been a commercial success, selling over 20 million copies. The popularity and	and	CCONJ	quality	NOUN	 quality
The scandal and court case have been the subject of factual and fictional publications. Most biographies of Edward VII	VII	PROPN	contain	VERB	 contain
After Boldt's decision, the Washington Department of Fisheries issued new regulations in compliance with the decision. The	The	DET	Puget	PROPN	 Puget
This allowed defendants counsel, witnesses, a copy of their indictment and a jury, and when not charged	charged	VERB	with	ADP	 with
After a while, they come to an exhibit displaying The Adventures of Fatso Flanagan, which is one of	of	ADP	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
An agreement between Cosme and the World Wrestling Council was first rumored on November 26, 2009. The promotion	promotion	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
In 1986, Ravenloft was adapted into the gamebook Master of Ravenloft, # 6 in the Advanced Dungeons &	&	CCONJ	Dragons	PROPN	 Dragons
The horses who have served as Thunder need to remain calm in situations that would normally frighten most horses,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
During this two day festival held on the 4th weekend of every July, Danebod celebrates its Danish heritage and	and	CCONJ	community	NOUN	 community
The Dodgers entered the game with an 89 – 63 record and an 8 game lead in the NL West	West	PROPN	over	ADP	 over
A passenger in the background cried, " In the cockpit. If we don't, we'll die	die	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The defensive line would need to slow down the Seahawks running attack to keep the Steelers in the game,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
It uses a shortened version of the song, cutting out the final chorus. The video was uploaded to	to	ADP	Clarkson	PROPN	 Clarkson
Reagan had assured Thatcher that an invasion was not contemplated, and thereafter Thatcher felt she could never fully trust	trust	VERB	Reagan	PROPN	 Reagan
They do not have a home territory they defend against other echidnas, but range over a wide area.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
While the causes of Howe's financial misfortunes are unknown, several contemporary critics held that the cause was Howe	Howe	PROPN	's	PART	's
After recovering, Martin participated in the Continental Cup, where he assisted in leading Team North America to a	a	DET	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
Lesa Kennedy is CEO and Jim France is Chairman. ISC is still headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida near	near	ADP	Daytona	PROPN	 Daytona
The Victoria Cross (VC) was instituted in 1856 as the British Empire's highest decoration for valour.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
In an effort to help her gain muscle control and confidence, her parents sent her to start ballet dancing	dancing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1783, he was appointed to the quartermaster corps and in 1787, he was promoted to warrant officer	officer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Tobacco revealed that in making the album, Beck sent the vocal parts to him, and that they had	had	AUX	never	ADV	 never
The first mention of a Uranian ring system comes from William Herschel's notes detailing his observations of Uranus in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A prototype development contract decision would have followed by 2013. The Technology Development Phase (or Milestone A)	)	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
A particularly important task for the squadron was supporting the work up of RAN warships by acting as targets;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
At around 10: 00, Nürnberg came under heavy fire from the British cruisers, as well as the	the	DET	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
The article highlighted a problem with the Court's interpretation of the statute's purpose at hand, stating:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The PS4 features a " Rest mode " feature. This places the console in a low power state,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Ahead of the tournament proper, he spoke in positive terms of his development since 2006: " I went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Simultaneously, the Viet Cong 272nd Regiment overran South Vietnamese government positions in the sub sector of Phước Bình.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
" Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say) " was about breaking up with a boyfriend and	and	CCONJ	finding	VERB	 finding
Dan Martin of The Guardian described it as " fun ", with praise to the expensive looking sets and	and	CCONJ	dinosaurs	NOUN	 dinosaurs
Olivia is captured by Walternate's forces, imprisoned in the government facility on Liberty Island and put through both	both	DET	physical	ADJ	 physical
The Litigators is about a two partner Chicago law firm attempting to strike it rich in a class action lawsuit	lawsuit	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
By 1909, Harvey had served on HMS Duke of Edinburgh, HMS St George and the new battlecruiser HMS	HMS	PROPN	Inflexible	PROPN	 Inflexible
After World War II, urban development eliminated much of the Southern California citrus production, with the notable exception	exception	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Time magazine in its April 25, 2005 issue named Daley as the best out of five mayors of large	large	ADJ	cities	NOUN	 cities
Her beam was 21.7 m (71 ft) and a draft of 6.6 m (22 ft) standard	standard	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The first test VH 71A, Test Vehicle # 2 (TV 2), made its initial flight on	on	ADP	3	NUM	 3
When a mysterious Black Samurai begins transforming the population into demons, Flynn and three companions are sent to capture	capture	VERB	her	PRON	 her
There are numerous areas set aside to protect the local fauna and flora, including a number of important seabird	seabird	ADJ	nesting	NOUN	 nesting
With Toscanini not considered, Puccini hoped that Sir Thomas Beecham would conduct the premiere, but he declined and	and	CCONJ	Gaetano	PROPN	 Gaetano
After Nancy Reagan accepted the flag, she approached the casket and spent several minutes patting and stroking it.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
In 1957, van de Kamp narrowed his uncertainties, claiming that the object had a mass of eight times	times	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He went to Selwood Middle School in Frome, and his mother still lives nearby. A street, Jenson	Jenson	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
Tourist sites exist in the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands, Spain, the Fiji Islands, Thailand, Indonesia	Indonesia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Arsenal's assistant coach Emma Hayes described Chapman as " a rock that makes everything around her better. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
However, West soon impressed his colleagues with his defensive hustle, with his vertical jump — he could reach	reach	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The idea of a galactic habitable zone was further developed in 2001 in a paper by Ward and Brownlee,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
LC2s earned three race victories over their lifetime in the hands of Italian drivers Teo Fabi, Riccardo Patrese,	,	PUNCT	Alessandro	PROPN	 Alessandro
Influenced by the music of Buddy Holly, Buckingham and Nicks created it in 1974 before they were in Fleetwood	Fleetwood	PROPN	Mac	PROPN	 Mac
Fodor's describes the restaurant as " extraordinary " and " one of the best restaurants in the country "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
There was no newspaper or audio and video programs available on JEX flights. Passengers traveling in class J could	could	AUX	enjoy	VERB	 enjoy
Bristol Cathedral was founded as St Augustine's Abbey in 1140 by Robert Fitzharding, along with its associated school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These air masses originate from the South Pacific high and move in a northeastern direction during winter towards Buenos Aires	Aires	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
In the final, Harris scored 23 points and recorded 16 rebounds as Delta State defeated Louisiana State University 68	68	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
At the lap 240 restart, Ambrose was the leader, as Menard collided into the wall to cause the	the	DET	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
The examination of burial sites for this period, such as that at Hallowhill, St Andrews, indicates a	a	DET	life	NOUN	 life
For example, the position and the linear momentum in the x direction of a particle are represented respectively by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The capital of the province, Sira town, prospered most under Dilavar Khan and expanded in size to accommodate	accommodate	VERB	50,000	NUM	 50,000
" The HIV plot had many ramifications for the character of Pauline, as she struggles to come to terms	terms	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Midway through season three, Kate persuades Rousseau to help some of the survivors find the Others ' home,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
The cantata text was provided by Erdmann Neumeister, published in Geistliche Poesien in Frankfurt in 1714. He began	began	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
It debuted at number 64 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart on September 21, 2002, and rose to	to	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Olmstead would never leave the NHL until his retirement in 1962, playing 39 games that season on a line	line	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The purchase " involved a formal partnership between the Library, Durham University and Durham Cathedral and an agreement that	that	PRON	the	DET	 the
Beauty Revealed was one of more than three hundred portrait miniatures compiled by the couple, who gave it to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
I have heard the estimate that as many as 20,000 people will die each day that would have been saved	saved	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Columbia Records simultaneously released Dylan, a collection of studio outtakes (almost exclusively covers), widely interpreted	interpreted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Harvey replaced the injured Barnes, while Saggers replaced the injured Tallon behind the stumps. England made three changes	changes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Democrats were furious and launched a bitter campaign against Morton, who did not do a great deal of	of	ADP	campaigning	NOUN	 campaigning
The South Park creators said they chose Gifford completely at random, not based on any particular reason or distaste	distaste	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Buttler was again called up to the Twenty20 International squad for the two matches against the West Indies in September	September	PROPN	2011	NUM	 2011
The Western Allies had furthermore tried to take neutral Sweden and Norway along with them. Thus, the "	"	PUNCT	masterminds	NOUN	 masterminds
The Gliebermans had hinted at moving the Rough Riders to the United States, making them even more unpopular than	than	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The promoters of the HStP & CCR were inspired by the recent success of the City and South London Railway	Railway	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
While a low quality version leaked on December 31, 2014, a full version of the record remains unreleased	unreleased	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
He wrote Saint Joan in the middle months of 1923, and the play was premiered on Broadway in December	December	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Producer Michael White had hoped to begin work on the production and described the script as being " in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
MacFarlane has also appeared on news shows and late night television shows such as Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Late	Late	PROPN	Show	PROPN	 Show
Implementation of the Act began immediately. Hugh Johnson spent most of May and June planning for implementation, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" The song heavily features bombastic tribal drums, and paranoia inducing strings that create a feeling of tension.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The following season, he was spotted by Yorkshire coach George Hirst and former England spinner Bobby Peel, who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Sneferu's immediate successors followed this pattern, but beginning in the late Old Kingdom, pyramid complexes combined different	different	ADJ	elements	NOUN	 elements
He favoured a reverse of the image. Bader was bored and frustrated at being left out of the major	major	ADJ	actions	NOUN	 actions
The soap opera made daytime history by being the first to represent two men simulating sex. Jamey Giddens of	of	ADP	Daytime	PROPN	 Daytime
Graham played in one MLB game before he retired to practice medicine. On April 22, 2016 the LSU	LSU	PROPN	baseball	NOUN	 baseball
Three Catholic priests, Oswald Tesimond, Edward Oldcorn and Robert Middleton, were also educated at St Peter's	's	PART	.	PUNCT	.
The system, which was previously discontinued, was part of a pilot program that the Army was looking at	at	ADP	to	PART	 to
Due to the darker complexion of Mediterranean peoples, Hitler regarded them as having traces of Negroid blood and therefore	therefore	ADV	did	AUX	 did
Johnson immediately established a camp atop Bull Hill, which overlooked the town of Altman. He ordered that fortifications	fortifications	NOUN	be	AUX	 be
This odd shape was explained by Archer: " A ship that is built with exclusive regard to its suitability	suitability	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The British Film Institute cites it as Chaplin's finest accomplishment, and the critic James Agee hails the closing	closing	NOUN	scene	NOUN	 scene
Marcellus, a rigorist, purged all mention of Marcellinus from church records, and removed his name from the	the	DET	official	ADJ	 official
Townsend has cited, among others, Judas Priest, W.A.S.P., Frank Zappa, Broadway musicals, ABBA,	,	PUNCT	new	ADJ	 new
On the following episode of Raw on May 17, Hart defeated The Miz to win the United States Championship	Championship	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the engagement, 242 U.S. and 249 Japanese sailors died. The engagement was one of only two battleship	battleship	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
" Fey explained that she approaches each role asking herself, " Would I be plausible in this role,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Unlike Gossypium, the genus from which cotton is derived, the bristles which grow on E. angustifolium are unsuited	unsuited	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The rivalry with IFK Malmö is both geographical and historical. The two clubs come from the same city and	and	CCONJ	used	VERB	 used
As the water receded Osage began to hog at the ends because only her middle was supported by the sand	sand	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Part of the fleet carrying General Arnold and his troops arrived in Chesapeake Bay on December 30, 1780.	.	PUNCT	Without	ADP	 Without
Despite his arguments and the end of the division's availability for operations against the Japanese occupied Ramree Island,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
British magazine NME ranked Bedtime Stories as the 30th best album of 1994. At the 38th Grammy Awards in	in	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
The estates planned to build up an increasingly autonomous Finnish state, led by the elite and intelligentsia. The	The	DET	Fennomans	PROPN	 Fennomans
(1971), Benito Mussolini in Last Days of Mussolini (1975), and ended the decade playing	playing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Hoernie saw Evans " really doped up and groggy " but Evans told Hoernie to make sure he finished Living	Living	VERB	The	DET	 The
The opening theme is " Way Down in the Hole, " a gospel and blues inspired song, written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In 1970 he revised an earlier book which was published as Dominant Mammal: the Biology of Human Destiny;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The toxicity of certain Galerina species has been known for a century. In 1912, Charles Horton Peck reported	reported	VERB	a	DET	 a
Compared to contemporary first person shooters, with 10 to 20 animated character models, Bloodlines had over 150 characters	characters	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Bradley retired in 1960 and was succeeded by Dr Noble Frankland. Frankland had served as a navigator in RAF	RAF	PROPN	Bomber	PROPN	 Bomber
His 32 baserunners caught stealing topped MLB, 47.9 caught stealing percentage ranked second, and three pickoffs tied for	for	ADP	first	ADV	 first
For his work on Itchy & Scratchy, Grampa is nominated for an award for Outstanding Writing in a Cartoon	Cartoon	PROPN	Series	PROPN	 Series
Metacritic calculated an average score of 58 / 100, based on 43 reviews. Observations modeled the film after	after	ADP	Forrest	PROPN	 Forrest
The two tier steel frame and wooden floor Bullens Road Stand, designed by Archibald Leitch, was completed in	in	ADP	1926	NUM	 1926
That, to me, was the little hook – that little thing that, whenever you hear it,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
On September 23, 1868, the Nanbu clan's troops joined in the attack on the Akita Domain,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In her 1993 autobiography, Cooke de Herrera wrote that Farrow had confided to her, before the arrival of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They have also been used in pit fighting. However, both the AKC and the ASPCA call the breed	breed	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Wandering amongst the mountains of Switzerland, frustrated with her relationship with Shelley, and engrossed by the writing of	of	ADP	Frankenstein	PROPN	 Frankenstein
Producer Lawrence Gordon felt she was a perfect fit for the role. Jolie braided her hair and used minimal	minimal	ADJ	padding	NOUN	 padding
An ode in her memory, " So many true princesses who have gone ", composed by the then	then	ADV	Master	PROPN	 Master
It absorbs moisture and swells on contact with water. After fertilization, the innermost portion liquifies to allow free	free	ADJ	movement	NOUN	 movement
Ron puts almost no effort into his job, and lets his deputy director Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler)	)	PUNCT	do	VERB	 do
Blaine tried to sabotage the appointment by convincing Garfield to name an opponent of MacVeagh, William E. Chandler,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
The Gardner Lucas family eventually had nine children. Gardner admired Lucas, who used his stepsons as lookouts while	while	SCONJ	burglarizing	VERB	 burglarizing
They were selected for their familiarity to young British YouTube viewers and to " act as Pied Pipers to the	the	DET	teen	ADJ	 teen
Most late arrivals made little or wound up losing money. Similarly, many unlucky merchants set up in settlements	settlements	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
She immediately begins abusing her family, retaliating to the many years of abuse she had endured under them,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Clarkson began promoting " Already Gone " on television by debuting it on the Late Show with David Letterman on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Operating with British and Indian forces on the right flank, they then launched an unsuccessful action at Jebel Mazar	Mazar	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
In the upper reaches of the balsam fir zone, winds and temperatures are extreme enough to force the trees	trees	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The lobby floor contains the room registration and cashier desks, the Empire Room and Hilton Room, the private	private	ADJ	Marco	PROPN	 Marco
Spanish losses in the engagement amounted to 18 killed and 30 wounded, the British losing one man killed and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
Baird's resignation from parliament took effect on March 16, 2015. Since leaving politics, Baird has accepted	accepted	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The dragon is holding a norbu, or jewel, in each of its claws. The background colours of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The magnetic fields in a white dwarf may allow for the existence of a new type of chemical bond,	,	PUNCT	perpendicular	ADJ	 perpendicular
In 1903, the GNP & BR sought permission for a branch from Piccadilly Circus to run under Leicester Square	Square	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
S by Shakira though has managed to make another fan ". Kim West from Beauty World News felt the	the	DET	perfume	NOUN	 perfume
Staff reviewers at RPGFan and RPGamer agreeably noted the game's battle system to be its highlight; both websites	websites	NOUN	mention	VERB	 mention
Their version is actually a two part song – the first has a slower, groove oriented arrangement, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
During his time in Congress, Gore was considered a " moderate " (he once referred to himself as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He entered the T44 classification men's 100 metres, 200 metres and 400 metres races, and the T42	T42	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
It marshalled the power of immigrants and their descendants in both cities. The city's skyline changed in the	the	DET	1940s	NOUN	 1940s
Carbon is the fourth most abundant chemical element in the universe by mass after hydrogen, helium, and oxygen	oxygen	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Intense cultivation of a number of species, particularly from Brazil, Bolivia and Peru, has occurred because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In October 2004, Scooby Doo briefly overtook The Simpsons as the American animated show with the highest number of	of	ADP	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
The three teams faced off on August 23 at SummerSlam in a three team elimination match, in which Team	Team	PROPN	Bella	PROPN	 Bella
The unit relocated to Juvincourt, France, on 16 July 1943. Frank was awarded the Honor Goblet of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This section of NY 3 was also part of the Theodore Roosevelt International Highway, an international auto trail.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
A daughter named Catherine was born in 1453. Queen Catherine may have also been the mother of a third	third	ADJ	son	NOUN	 son
The projected annual profit from the rentals was 7,200 rubles. A cowshed was located on the premises due to	to	ADP	Gorodetsky	PROPN	 Gorodetsky
The event was covered by cannabis publications, local and national news outlets, and the HBO television series Vice	Vice	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One early mention of West Arrow in contemporary news accounts is found in The Washington Post, which reported in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Taylor made her national team debut in 2010 at the World Championships in Britain. It was the first time	time	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The demonstrators — anti war protestors and Irish republicans opposed to the peace process — called queuing customers " traitors	traitors	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Torres ' relationship with Robbins is subsequently mended, and the couple endeavors to raise their new daughter, Sofia	Sofia	PROPN	Robbin	PROPN	 Robbin
The lyrics explore more mature, world weary themes such as growing old and disillusionment with American foreign policy.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A player who commits three major penalties (including fighting) during a game is automatically ejected, suspended,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The title of the novel comes from the Bible verse 1 Corinthians 13. Before she began writing it,	,	PUNCT	Koen	PROPN	 Koen
Stewie becomes enamored with her, which she takes as refreshing at first, but eventually, she becomes exhausted	exhausted	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The group was in Malaysia to meet with Hambali, the leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, an Asian al Qaeda	Qaeda	PROPN	affiliate	NOUN	 affiliate
After the conquest he relocated from the north shore of Lake Petén Itzá to Mompana, a region lying between	between	ADP	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
This involved digitally transposing the facial features of an elderly actress onto the face of actress Hayley Atwell who had	had	AUX	performed	VERB	 performed
So when an IMAX film was made from footage shot of the wreck itself, he decided to seek Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	funding	NOUN	 funding
He had received his final salary payment from the Hampton church in the late summer, but was preaching in	in	ADP	Alford	PROPN	 Alford
Racist local laws, discriminatory social codes, segregated commercial facilities, racial profiling by police, and sundown towns	towns	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
" Chomsky argues that the Republican neoconservative administration of President George W. Bush, elected to the presidency in 2001	2001	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Back in the top division, Wallwork was still unable to force his way back into Albion manager Gary Megson	Megson	PROPN	's	PART	's
As a result, the text was sent back to the Congress. On 30 June 2005 it was approved	approved	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It had the support of left leaning parties and MPs who opposed the BJP. The UPA returned to power	power	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
McNary defeated Stanfield 52,546 to 30,999. In the November general election, he defeated a friend and former governor	governor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS was released in Japan on September 13, 2014, in North America and	and	CCONJ	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
34 members were elected to the 6th Politburo, an increase from 15 in the 5th Politburo. Of these	these	DET	34	NUM	 34
He also tried his hand at production, with three 15 minute travelogues: Terry Thomas in Tuscany, Terry	Terry	PROPN	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
Cambridge were coached by J. Beresford Jr, J. R. F. Best, F. E. Hellyer (who had rowed	rowed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The ACLU's base in New York resulted in its being dominated by people from the city and state.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
" He served in the Continental Congress until September 1776 when failing health forced him to resign. A strong	strong	ADJ	backer	NOUN	 backer
Emanuel Levy wrote Ledger " throws himself completely " into the role, and that the film represents Nolan's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
The album was originally titled Views from the 6, but would later be shortened to Views. " Summer	Summer	PROPN	Sixteen	PROPN	 Sixteen
Cultural references in the episode include Pixar Animation Studios, Toy Story, Wallace and Gromit, Kung Fu Panda	Panda	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The irony laden black comedy's protagonist Jacob Horner suffers from a nihilistic paralysis he calls " cosmopsis " —	—	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
When Randy learns that South Park's KFC outlet is now a medical marijuana dispensary, he attempts to give	give	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
But they still saw a difference between those people and U.S.-born individuals of Chinese ancestry, because of strong cultural	cultural	ADJ	traditions	NOUN	 traditions
The Colony of Singapore became a self governing state in 1959, and left the British Empire to join the	the	DET	Federation	PROPN	 Federation
Written by Paul Lieberstein, who also acts in the show as Toby Flenderson, and directed by Greg Daniels	Daniels	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tracking the regional sales of Japanese Tower Records stores, CDJournal noted a significant number of copies sold in Sapporo	Sapporo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The motorway consists of two traffic lanes and an emergency lane in each driving direction separated by a central reservation	reservation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As such, Jabbawockeez would have much more impact as a featured act in a variety show than it has	has	AUX	on	ADP	 on
In July 2010, this location was chosen by the council executive as their preferred option. Developers Oakgate (	(	PUNCT	Monks	PROPN	Monks
Punctuated with profanity learned from GIs, she complained endlessly to Michener about the French colonial government, which refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 2015, the game placed 2nd on USgamer's " The 15 Best Games Since 2000 " list.	.	PUNCT	Like	ADP	 Like
Reviewing for Billboard, Christa Titus criticized the DVD writing it " randomly [strings] footage from concerts and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In recognition of their theoretical work, Lee and Yang were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1957.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
All the endemic Caribbean macaws were likely driven to extinction by humans in historic and prehistoric times. The identity	identity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Rainier's closest neighbor, Mount St. Helen's had a huge chunk of the side of the mountain blow	blow	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
An article published in the Winchester Star in 1967 said of McDonald, " fearsome or not, he founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The film grossed over $27 million domestically and $27.9 million internationally, the box office revenue returned over	over	ADP	$	SYM	 $
The copper statue, designed by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, a French sculptor, was built by Gustave Eiffel and	and	CCONJ	dedicated	VERB	 dedicated
Spector felt that the best aspects of Deus Ex's development were the " high level vision " and length	length	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Wikimedia Foundation reported nearly a million visitors to Jackson's biography within one hour, probably the most visitors	visitors	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The earliest known indricothere is the dog sized Forstercooperia from the middle and late Eocene of western North America and	and	CCONJ	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
Cockburn further suggested that Hopley should have realised Cancellor's cognitive deficiencies and taken these into account in his treatment	treatment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the 1940s, a new alignment for US 130 was built through South Brunswick Township. After the Delaware	Delaware	PROPN	Memorial	PROPN	 Memorial
He batted.250 with six hits and three RBI in the series as the Giants defeated the Phillies in six games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Black Death had meanwhile reached Hungary. The first wave of the epidemic ended in June, but it	it	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
The bank made generous loans and liberally issued paper money. Although bank notes issued by the Bank of the	the	DET	Commonwealth	PROPN	 Commonwealth
Sawra and the Samarkand garrison were initially reluctant as they were aware that this was effectively a suicide mission,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The following month she was assigned to the First South Seas Squadron, based at Fiji and later at the	the	DET	Marquesas	PROPN	 Marquesas
We used only Marines, no actors or actresses. We used all of the Marine's equipment and they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
This had led to horses, startled by a passing locomotive and coming off their dandy cart, being run	run	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Tatanka focused on wearing Luger down with a wristlock and an armbar. After Luger performed a vertical suplex,	,	PUNCT	Tatanka	PROPN	 Tatanka
The vastly ambitious Estrella project would remain deserted and was sold in 1993 to an investment group. By November	November	PROPN	1989	NUM	 1989
The break up of the estate continued after Henry's death on 27 October 1947 when it was inherited by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Despite facing legal discrimination that denied them suffrage and threatened violence, black pioneers remained in Oregon. While the	the	DET	USS	PROPN	 USS
He later commits suicide by jumping into the chasm where he tried to kill Tris. The final stage of	of	ADP	Dauntless	ADJ	 Dauntless
Tom secretly confesses to the documentary crew that he forgot to plant the eggs. Leslie plans for an upcoming	upcoming	ADJ	town	NOUN	 town
" Watchmen was first mentioned publicly in the 1985 Amazing Heroes Preview. When Moore and Gibbons turned in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
It had a record of two victories, scoring 11 goals and conceding 5. Teodoro Fernández scored Peru's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
He stayed at the club for three more seasons, but later lost his place in the side to the	the	DET	young	ADJ	 young
Meanwhile, Gabe Lewis (Zach Woods) attempts to court the new warehouse worker, Val. " Doomsday	Doomsday	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
At that session, Henry Clay was chosen to fill the seat. In 1832, the Democrats selected Breathitt	Breathitt	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite financial troubles, there were further successes, particularly with the third Ace Science Fiction Specials series, for	for	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Beginning in 2007, the F 15s began moving to Barnes Municipal Airport. With the grounding of the F	F	PROPN	15	NUM	 15
The loss of the Pecheneg commander turned the battle into a complete rout, and panic spread to the Bulgarian	Bulgarian	ADJ	contingent	NOUN	 contingent
Guest star Seth Green stated that despite being cast as " stoner kid " Emil, and having " cornered	cornered	VERB	the	DET	 the
The same name was used earlier, by the American physicist and psychologist Leonard T. Troland, who coined the	the	DET	word	NOUN	 word
Lang avoided continuation of the Prayer Book controversy of 1928 by allowing the parliamentary process to lapse. He then	then	ADV	authorised	VERB	 authorised
State Highway 3 (SH 3) enters the circle from the north and leaves from the east, following	following	VERB	US	PROPN	 US
During Roosevelt's election campaign in 1904, he urged that Philippine agricultural products be admitted to the U.S. without	without	ADP	duty	NOUN	 duty
She also took the lead role, alongside Colin Firth and Angela Lansbury, in what was a highly personal	personal	ADJ	project	NOUN	 project
Raja Halwani writes that Homer's " love of life " is an admirable character trait, " for many	many	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
His self titled album, David Archuleta, was released in November 2008. His first single, " Crush	Crush	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Children were asked to stand naked in front of Reich and a group of 30 therapists in his basement,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
By 1973, Christmas reported, only 93 women had sat in parliament; their contributions had overall " not	not	PART	been	AUX	 been
Designed in Edwardian Baroque style, the Port of Liverpool Building's structural form has been likened to those of	of	ADP	Renaissance	PROPN	 Renaissance
Use of this inactivated poliovirus vaccine and subsequent widespread use of the oral poliovirus vaccine developed by Albert Sabin led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
An efficient organiser, Conroy's planning ensured the Duke and Duchess ' speedy return to England in time for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
They free Bullseye, only for Jessie to end up on the plane bound for Japan. Assisted by Buzz	Buzz	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to their career and family obligations, supernumeraries are not as available to the organisation as the other types	types	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Consequently, a 6 hectare (15 acre) Conservation Area was created in the town centre in 1975 to	to	PART	preserve	VERB	 preserve
After the holiday season, however, interest in the 32X rapidly declined. 500,000 Saturn units were sold in	in	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
MDOT proposed that US 127 be extended north over the former US 27 to Grayling. AASHTO approved this change	change	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Jacob and his family migrated to Ancient Egypt after being invited to live with Jacob's son Joseph by the	the	DET	Pharaoh	PROPN	 Pharaoh
The East Asian countries of Japan and Korea also adopted Zhu Xi's teaching, known as the Shushigaku (	(	PUNCT	朱子學	NOUN	朱子學
Baker Mountain, a forested, narrow anticlinal mountain ridge, rises west of the church, and the western	western	ADJ	rolling	NOUN	 rolling
Other popular songs have been featured (with blessings by the singers), such as " I Will Remember	Remember	VERB	You	PRON	 You
In 1957 she instituted late night concerts devoted to early music, and in 1962 she organised a series of	of	ADP	evening	NOUN	 evening
After Hazlitt's account, according to Bromwich, it became less easy to find a simple resolution to the	the	DET	problems	NOUN	 problems
These small structures are usually small battlements with cannon placements and watchtower. The forts were also given rhyming names	names	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a pupil Garrow studied hard, fastidiously reading Sampson Euer's Doctrina Placitandi, a manual on the Law	Law	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The ideology was developed to make the party progressive and attract voters from across the political spectrum. New Labour	Labour	PROPN	offered	VERB	 offered
Prior to the 2009 MLL season, after eight seasons, the league conformed to traditional field lacrosse rules and	and	CCONJ	allowed	VERB	 allowed
Its original cast album was the bestselling record of the 1940s, and other recordings of the show have also	also	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Both Lennon and McCartney are known to have experimented with the drug. While walking home, Mr. Mackey drunkenly	drunkenly	ADV	sings	VERB	 sings
The episode was written by Scott Buck and directed by Marcos Siega. In the episode, assistant district attorney	attorney	NOUN	Miguel	PROPN	 Miguel
Having a firm hold over Matabeleland, Mashonaland and Barotseland by 1894, the Company began officially calling its domain	domain	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A 4 inch pipeline was run through to Nadzab. After the capture of Lae, the Japanese high command	command	NOUN	determined	VERB	 determined
As Meredith records, the 100,000 or so who remained " retreated into their own world of clubs, sporting	sporting	NOUN	activities	NOUN	 activities
He enjoyed the tag team match and the bout between Jannetty and Michaels. He also found the WWF Championship	Championship	PROPN	match	VERB	 match
An assault on Buda was driven off by John Zápolya, although Ferdinand was successful elsewhere — capturing Gran (	(	PUNCT	Esztergom	PROPN	Esztergom
After the Games, she underwent two shoulder reconstructions and made a successful return to swimming at the 2015 IPC	IPC	PROPN	Swimming	PROPN	 Swimming
And I doubt that even if they knew what the risk was, that an Internal Review Board in any	any	DET	academic	ADJ	 academic
The Admiralty was not pleased with either design and asked for a revised version of ' A ' of the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Changkat area of Bukit Bintang hosts various cafes, alfresco dining outlets and illegal activities. Bangsar district also has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
A second corridor in the suite has Gothic influenced cross over vaulting. The Belgian Rooms themselves were decorated in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
When he reached Armero at dawn on the 16th, a farmer directed him to Sánchez, who by then	then	ADV	had	AUX	 had
The ship was protected by an armored deck that was 80 mm (3.1 in) thick amidships. The	The	DET	conning	VERB	 conning
Hypokalemia leads to hyperpolarization of muscle cells, making the neuromuscular junction less responsive to normal nerve impulses and leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Fort al Jalali and the twin Fort al Mirani were both completed between 1586 and 1588. The Portuguese faced	faced	VERB	growing	VERB	 growing
Written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Tucker Gates, the episode first aired in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
In March 1950, $3 million (1950 USD) was earmarked out of a $104.5 million budget	budget	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On the other hand, the sparse fossil record and some estimates based on other nuclear genes support a more	more	ADV	recent	ADJ	 recent
Since responsibility for the Quantock AONB is shared between the County Council and three District Councils The Quantock Hills Joint	Joint	PROPN	Advisory	PROPN	 Advisory
His army laid siege to Dyrrhachium, but his fleet was defeated by the Venetians. On October 18,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Mormons also have a strict law of chastity, requiring abstention from sexual relations outside of heterosexual marriage and fidelity	fidelity	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
This is mostly due to the unique geography of the continent. North America is a large continent that extends	extends	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The couple first lived together in an Edwardian house at 108 Maida Vale, London, W2. They bought	bought	VERB	Lemmons	NOUN	 Lemmons
Despite the loss, the Giants made the playoffs as a Wild Card and won their first round game,	,	PUNCT	17	NUM	 17
The reconnaissance aircraft proved to be unsuitable after several months ' testing. Ryūjō participated in the Combined Fleet Maneuvers	Maneuvers	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
According to Marsina, the inhabitants of Pribina's principality who " definitely were aware of their difference from the	the	DET	Moravian	PROPN	 Moravian
The 2012 – 13 team gave Harvard its first NCAA tournament victory. The 2013 – 14 team posted a	a	DET	record	ADJ	 record
The Gibraltar peninsula, located at the far southern end of Iberia, has great strategic importance as a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1955, he entered the workforce and briefly held a position with British Rail before securing an apprenticeship at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Nintendo has set up " JoySpots " at Japanese retail locations for this purpose. Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen takes	takes	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
Carey went on to write the score for another Hammer film, Blood from the Mummy's Tomb, in	in	ADP	1971	NUM	 1971
Castles such as Windsor did not play a decisive role during the resulting Wars of the Roses (1455 –	–	PUNCT	85	NUM	 85
The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching 4,160 cubic feet per second (118 m3 /	/	SYM	s	PROPN	 s
The rest of the family leaves to find Hugo, leaving Bart behind, but he soon discovers that Hugo	Hugo	PROPN	never	ADV	 never
In 1573 Leicester sent her a present of venison to Chartley from his seat Kenilworth Castle in Warwickshire, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
McCracken played opposite Broadway actor Hugh Reilly. McCracken next appeared on Broadway in the 1953 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical	musical	VERB	Me	PRON	 Me
Following a complaint by King's College London council at the loss of privacy, the response of the Metropolitan	Metropolitan	PROPN	Board	PROPN	 Board
A conscientious objector, however, does not have a primary aim of changing the law. John Dewey considered	considered	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
By 1954 the shipments went up to 64,805 Ci (2.3978 PBq), and that year the AEC decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Its tracklist encompasses " Express Yourself ", a mash up of " Borderline " and " Open Your Heart	Heart	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The thumb of the forefeet bears a nail, but claws are present on the other digits. The long	long	ADJ	tail	NOUN	 tail
He held this position for 21 months, during which time he alternated command of four vessels of the active	active	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Afterwards, Styles beat Trigg with a kendo stick to end their feud. On the September 25 episode of	of	ADP	Impact	PROPN	 Impact
American political scientist Mark Cooper asserted that Nasser's charisma and his direct relationship with the Egyptian people " rendered	rendered	VERB	intermediaries	NOUN	 intermediaries
Dexter's nemesis is a rival boy genius from his school named Susan " Mandark " Astronomonov (Eddie Deezen	Deezen	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Bayer catalogued five stars in the constellation, giving them the Bayer designations Alpha to Epsilon. John Flamsteed added	added	VERB	Eta	PROPN	 Eta
The music from the game is featured on several commercially released compact discs. It was fairly well received by	by	ADP	critics	NOUN	 critics
Although never charged with a crime, Jackson was subject to intense media scrutiny while the criminal investigation took place	place	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Along with the U.S. Forest Service headquarters founded in 1908, lumber and the university remained staples of the local	local	ADJ	economy	NOUN	 economy
As they leave, Candace spots them and it brings back upsetting memories of never being able to bust the	the	DET	boys	NOUN	 boys
The pair even hired the hatmaker who designed the hat worn by the Bonanza character Little Joe, played by	by	ADP	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
" Before the 1951 season, O'Malley reportedly offered Robinson the job of manager of the Montreal Royals, effective	effective	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
At the time, he was working with Tommy Refenes on a Flash game titled Grey Matter. Although McMillen	McMillen	PROPN	initially	ADV	 initially
) and * -ki (' your ' fem. sing.), and personal pronouns * ʔanta,	,	PUNCT	*	PUNCT	 *
Traditionally, hot chocolate has been associated with cold weather, winter, and dessert in the United States.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The convention nominated Justice Charles Evans Hughes. Harding reached out to Roosevelt once the former president declined the 1916	1916	NUM	Progressive	PROPN	 Progressive
When Robert Curthose invaded England in 1101 in an attempt to take the English throne, Urse supported Henry.	.	PUNCT	Urse	PROPN	 Urse
Portal received critical acclaim, often earning more praise than either Half Life 2: Episode Two or Team Fortress	Fortress	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
" The Austrian music historian Oscar Bie, while impressed with the festival as a whole, wrote subsequently that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In November of the same year they were back in church for the baptism of their firstborn child. The	The	DET	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
In 1998, to congratulate Safran on his accomplishment, the Twin Galaxies Intergalactic Scoreboard searched for him for four	four	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania first incorporated Belarusian lands into its territory in 1250, when it conquered the territories	territories	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Winslow was laid down by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in October 1913 and launched in February 1915.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In a 2005 poll of Radio Times readers, following its appearance on the 2005 television programme Seven Natural Wonders	Wonders	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the end of May 1944, George Mantello publicized two important reports. One of the reports was probably	probably	ADV	Rabbi	PROPN	 Rabbi
These were: to establish sustainable peace and security in Sierra Leone, to support UNAMSIL operations, to prevent	prevent	VERB	another	DET	 another
The declaration meant that " the military would occupy the area to keep order and prevent the kind of looting	looting	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In the U.S., several hundred million pounds of pizza cheese is consumed annually. In 1997, it was	was	AUX	estimated	VERB	 estimated
The symbolism of the city was meant to secure the political legitimacy of the new emperor, who was enthroned	enthroned	VERB	there	ADV	 there
The name of John Bercow, Speaker of the House of Commons since 2009, has been mentioned as a	a	DET	possible	ADJ	 possible
Digg CEO Jay Adelson told PC World that Anonymous had not manipulated the site's algorithm system to prevent artificial	artificial	ADJ	poll	NOUN	 poll
Based on information from historical weather maps, it appeared that eastward moving lower atmospheric flow was present between September	September	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
Of the nine Grade II * listed buildings in Trafford, three are in Altrincham: the Church of St	St	PROPN	Margaret	PROPN	 Margaret
The studio would serve as a launch pad for future actors including Ashok Kumar, Leela Chitnis, Dilip Kumar	Kumar	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Winning the first match of the 2001 – 02 season 4 – 0 at home to Norwich City set the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
There is also a high concentration in Indonesia; national figures for adults are not available, but the prevalence	prevalence	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
While Kołłątaj and others had begun planning an uprising before Kościuszko joined them, his support was a major boon	boon	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Raoul Wallenberg Playground, Washington Heights NYC Raoul Wallenberg Pre School Educational Unit A number of films have been made	made	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Other specific underlying causes are treated as normally. For example, hemochromatosis is treated by venesection, the regular	regular	ADJ	removal	NOUN	 removal
McGregor told an Inside Soap writer, " Mark's life has been turned upside down since he blew the	the	DET	whistle	NOUN	 whistle
The B 52 took its maiden flight in April 1952. Built to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War era	era	NOUN	deterrence	NOUN	 deterrence
The Young Ambassadors are a song and dance performing group with a 50 year history at BYU. Prior to	to	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
The broadcast of the 2008 Orange Bowl was the only BCS bowl game to show a rise in television viewers	viewers	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
" His contributions to baseball were widely recognized even before his Hall of Fame election: he was ranked 8th	8th	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Ice T introduced the band at Lollapalooza in 1991, devoting half of his set to his hip hop songs	songs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Edge felt that the Escape sections were satisfying to solve, and that they did not impede on the story	story	NOUN	progression	NOUN	 progression
Mike Stagno from SputnikMusic said that the album was a well received return by Slayer. Entertainment Weekly reviewer David	David	PROPN	Browne	PROPN	 Browne
It was Tottenham who began the match the better of the two teams and took the lead after 36 minutes	minutes	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
In 2013, Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of Spin described West as fronting a " new art pop era " in	in	ADP	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
Matt Sloan, who portrays Darth Vader in the webseries Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager and voices Vader in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first four parts of the storyline, Green Lantern # 21 and 22, and Green Lantern Corps #	#	NOUN	14	NUM	 14
Otto's reign is usually divided into three periods: a. The years of Regency: 1832 – 1835 b.	b.	NOUN	The	DET	 The
In June 2007, the European Union banned Garuda Indonesia, along with all other Indonesian airlines, from flying	flying	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The song received positive reviews from critics who complimented its sensual nature. It peaked at number 40 on the	the	DET	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
The catalogue listed other racist and fascist symbols like the Nazi swastika, the Celtic cross, and the Confederate	Confederate	PROPN	Flag	PROPN	 Flag
Newcastle handed the issue off to Martin Bladen, secretary to the Board of Trade and a known Belcher opponent	opponent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Its algebraic counterpart, the theory of algebraic groups, was first shaped by Claude Chevalley (from the late	late	ADJ	1930s	NUM	 1930s
Upon a lunch invitation with Thomas Schumacher, Cook was offered two projects in development: a Scottish folk tale	tale	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
They conclude that " breathing gas switches should be scheduled deep or shallow to avoid the period of maximum supersaturation	supersaturation	NOUN	resulting	VERB	 resulting
The majority of critics believed Gilliam sacrificed the storyline in favor of the visual design. Roger Ebert called the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer (MGM) and dramatized by Guy Trosper from a story written by Nedrick Young	Young	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He became increasingly critical of modern technology in his later life, criticizing inventions such as the Internet. Dialogi	Dialogi	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This enables HDMI 2.0 to carry 4 K resolution at 60 frames per second (fps). Other features	features	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The crisis proved contagious when it spread to Portugal, Italy, and Spain (together with Greece these are	are	AUX	collectively	ADV	 collectively
Although a fictitious event, at least six calls were made to GMPTE asking if services had been affected.	.	PUNCT	Transport	NOUN	 Transport
She spoke to Democratic Missouri Representative Leonor Sullivan, who agreed that the dollar should bear a portrait of Eisenhower	Eisenhower	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
On November 4, 1846, Gwyn arrived in America via the Port of New York, 22 days before	before	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Later on in the bar, Crackle and Pop are seen discussing an attack by the Keebler Elves which apparently	apparently	ADV	resulted	VERB	 resulted
A Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver measures its distance to GPS satellites based on how long it takes	takes	VERB	for	SCONJ	 for
However, Mercedes decided not to run the device over the whole weekend. Going into the weekend Lewis Hamilton	Hamilton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In July 1943, the battalion moved to Cairns where they undertook amphibious training with the American 532nd Engineer Boat	Boat	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In my opinion it was the most rock and roll room of the lot. " He thought the room	room	NOUN	sounded	VERB	 sounded
The storm then entered the Gulf of Mexico and continued weakening, falling to Category 2 intensity late on September	September	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Like their relatives in the Elapidae family, the majority of the Hydrophiinae species are highly venomous; however,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
West Antarctica is covered by the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. The sheet has been of recent concern because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game's developer, Monolith Productions ported No One Lives Forever – Game of the Year Edition to the	the	DET	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
It was preceded by The Cleveland Show and became the highest rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that	that	DET	night	NOUN	 night
These electors had the right to elect forty four deputies to the Diet. The Curia of the Chambers of	of	ADP	Commerce	PROPN	 Commerce
According to the legend, the daughter of King Sahil Varman Champavati was a religious person and used to visit	visit	VERB	temples	NOUN	 temples
The Court did not strike down Section 5, but without a coverage formula, Section 5 is unenforceable.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
Sable and Lesnar later departed from the company after Lesnar battled WWE in a lawsuit. Sable made her video	video	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
Compatibility: is the degree to which the new behavior is consistent with current practice. Complexity: is how	how	SCONJ	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
The evolution of her design resulted in Harvey having to redesign her appearance on the title screen. He employed	employed	VERB	different	ADJ	 different
Originally, NY 426 broke from its modern alignment at French Creek – Mina Road to serve the hamlet of	of	ADP	French	PROPN	 French
Original Stories encourages its readers to develop what were at the time coming to be labelled middle class values:	:	PUNCT	industry	NOUN	 industry
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.	.	PUNCT	Events	NOUN	 Events
The martin is found on the east side of Réunion between 200 – 500 m (660 – 1,640 ft	ft	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The pair have also contested one final at the 2012 ATP World Tour Finals, which Djokovic won in straight	straight	ADJ	sets	NOUN	 sets
His father, Carmine Coppola, had been one of the original investors in Tucker stock and purchased one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meningococcus vaccines exist against groups A, B, C, W135 and Y. In countries where the vaccine for	for	ADP	meningococcus	PROPN	 meningococcus
It also had coaxial and RCA plugs to connect it with a VCR or camcorder. A 2002 article in	in	ADP	Macworld	PROPN	 Macworld
The city's modern era founders, the Daraghmeh clan, constitute 70% of Tubas ' inhabitants. The	The	DET	clan	NOUN	 clan
With the increased threat from Scotland and the granting of the licence to crenellate, Emery suggests that the inner	inner	ADJ	bailey	NOUN	 bailey
He was a pioneer of stickhandling the puck; before that time, goaltenders passively stood in the net and	and	CCONJ	simply	ADV	 simply
Caracciola led the Swiss Grand Prix for several laps, Rosemeyer trailing him closely, but the Clerk of the	the	DET	Course	NOUN	 Course
These events were described as ranging from " creative to indifferent, to downright embarrassing ". When they entered	entered	VERB	the	DET	 the
Many people who have had a pituitary apoplexy develop pituitary hormone deficiencies and require long term hormone supplementation. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
However, in August 2015, the government finally lifted the SD Primary Channel mandate, allowing broadcasters to simulcast	simulcast	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In 1959, the monks of the hermitage were evicted and the hermitage was turned into the notorious Drapchi Prison	Prison	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Several men from the colony served aboard cruisers and destroyers that engaged the German shore batteries. A small number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Many shooting games on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network use this dual control design. The 2003 title Geometry	Geometry	PROPN	Wars	PROPN	 Wars
Favre responded by saying " I have no idea where that came from, but it certainly didn't come	come	VERB	from	ADP	 from
There are still 1,113 victims who have not been identified. Along with the 110 floor Twin Towers, numerous	numerous	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
His early work was derivative of the Utagawa style and some of his prints were outright copies (an accepted	accepted	VERB	practice	NOUN	 practice
In its social interactions, Shakta Tantra is " free from all sorts of caste and patriarchal prejudices. A	A	DET	woman	NOUN	 woman
Rabobank's Luis León Sánchez attacked on the Mur de Péguère, with only Philippe Gilbert (BMC Racing Team	Team	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It received generally favorable reviews. Multiple critics commented on the film's visual appeal. The movie was directed	directed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He rates the Second Violin Sonata (1915) as the composer's most individual work to that date.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
The Act was not effectively enforced, and did not address the working conditions of ' free children ' (	(	PUNCT	children	NOUN	children
In February 2015, Hong Kong Airlines signed an agreement for sub lease with the Airport Authority Hong Kong to	to	PART	develop	VERB	 develop
Black takes these coincidences to be pointing him towards a Bible verse, Acts of the Apostles 26: 8	8	NUM	—	PUNCT	 —
However, Branded to Kill was most influential in its native Japan. The film's premise, in which	which	PRON	hitmen	NOUN	 hitmen
She displaced 8,177 metric tons (8,048 long tons) at standard load and 9,728 metric tons (9,574 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
On January 30, 1996, ten months after Eazy E's death, his final album, Str8 off	off	ADP	tha	NOUN	 tha
Cartman's body — his obesity and his inability to control his farting — is supposed to exemplify the grotesque	grotesque	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Gudin's division encountered some resistance before it could take possession of Pöttmes, but succeeded with several charges executed	executed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The revolt began aboard Minas Geraes at around 10 pm on 22 November; the ship's commander and several	several	ADJ	loyal	ADJ	 loyal
Lewis and Clark expedition co leader William Clark produced a map based on the previous expedition and included the explorations	explorations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Article One provides that Congress shall have the power " [t] o define and punish Piracies and	and	CCONJ	Felonies	PROPN	 Felonies
Between 1997 and 2009 this partnership encompassed shirt sponsorship, kit manufacture and stadium naming rights. The combined shirt	shirt	NOUN	sponsorship	NOUN	 sponsorship
Mir was based upon the Salyut series of space stations previously launched by the Soviet Union (seven Salyut space	space	NOUN	stations	NOUN	 stations
Scott called the Winter Journey " a very wonderful performance ", and was highly satisfied with the experiments in	in	ADP	rations	NOUN	 rations
The infraorder Simiiformes (simian primates, consisting of monkeys and apes) emerged about 40 mya, possibly also	also	ADV	in	ADP	 in
and McDonald's had. Schlosser stated, " The admirable behavior of these two industry giants makes the behavior	behavior	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
They maintained their partnership until Cornwell's departure from Fairmont in 1910. In 1890, shortly after Cornwell began	began	VERB	practicing	VERB	 practicing
With producer Steve Krantz, Bakshi founded his own studio, Bakshi Productions. In 1969, Ralph's Spot	Spot	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Texas Tech's College of Agricultural Science and Natural Resources has received state and federal grants for research projects including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ofcom published its findings on 30 June, and concluded that Channel 4 had not breached broadcasting regulations. The	The	DET	watchdog	NOUN	 watchdog
) The Enterprise receives communiqués indicating that the war is going badly for the Federation. Arriving at Organia,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Some unseen or unheard of elements of the story were fleshed out in the course of the novel. Such	Such	ADJ	examples	NOUN	 examples
Grant was the first President to visit the Colorado Territory in late April 1873, having traveled by the Union	Union	PROPN	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
These projects are at times opposed by smaller, human rights groups who wish to avoid overshadowing memories of the	the	DET	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
To let the player track their progress, the game saves daily statistics of the player's performance, which	which	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Prose Sketches (1827) Pencillings by the Way (1835) Inklings of Adventure (1836) À l	l	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
The fifth of the technology milestones required the demonstration of the Microarcsecond Metrology Testbed at a performance of 3,200 picometers	picometers	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
McCain recuperated just enough to pass his flight physical and have his flight status reinstated. In August 1974,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Darius therefore began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate Greece; however, in	in	ADP	486	NUM	 486
The family returned to the United States in August 1887. His letter in the Tribune had raised his political	political	ADJ	profile	NOUN	 profile
Muhanna was succeeded by his son Muzaffar ad Din Musa, who had remained loyal to an Nasir Muhammad during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Letters Written in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark was Wollstonecraft's most popular book in the 1790s. It	It	PRON	sold	VERB	 sold
Of players born outside the United States on 2006 Major League Opening Day rosters, the Dominican Republic (85	85	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Scott was known to Joseph, having been leader of the Morley orchestra. Joseph became a member of the	the	DET	SWM	PROPN	 SWM
As in India, Irawan is described as a son of Ardjuna (Arjuna) and Ulupi. While in	in	ADP	India	PROPN	 India
In the film, Ramanujan is portrayed by British actor Dev Patel. A play, First Class Man by	by	ADP	Alter	PROPN	 Alter
" That evening the factory was closed, and the laboratory's chemists were reportedly smuggled out of the country	country	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Galactic tidal forces stretch the cloud along an axis directed toward the galactic centre and compress it along the other	other	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Eaton also won the federation's version of the TV title, known as the SMW Beat the Champ Television	Television	PROPN	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
It sold 160,000 digital downloads in its first week, the fifth highest first week digital sales for the series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was also a commercial success: Sega Sammy's 2006 financial report recorded sales of 1.59 million units.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
While the song played, the lead subject, an assault survivor, reminisced about the impact of rape while	while	SCONJ	walking	VERB	 walking
Cartman, generally referred to by his surname, is one of four central characters in South Park, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
The platform would extend over the whole roof, and the tracks for the airship launch would be on an	an	DET	incline	NOUN	 incline
She saw no combat during the war, and due to a shortage of crews, the ships were withdrawn	withdrawn	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Panthers have 16 members enshrined in the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame and have had 34 players represent	represent	VERB	Great	PROPN	 Great
Connelly prepared for the role by watching documentaries on schizophrenia. She also spent time at the New York State	State	PROPN	Psychiatric	PROPN	 Psychiatric
He promoted, and became a chief member of, the Committee of Both Kingdoms, established in February 1644	1644	NUM	as	ADP	 as
The Pro Tools engineer for the mixing was John Hanes, and his assistant was Tim Roberts. " Outta	Outta	PROPN	My	PRON	 My
The fourteenth Halo book (the thirteenth novel) was released in November 2014: Halo: Broken Circle by	by	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
The story begins when a FBI agent collapses from a parasite constricting his heart, and Olivia must meet with	with	ADP	biochemist	NOUN	 biochemist
In this episode, Mulder, Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi), and Doggett come up against the horrible	horrible	ADJ	consequences	NOUN	 consequences
During the campaign, media reports alleged that Farmer had misused state funds and property as agriculture commissioner and Farmer	Farmer	PROPN	's	PART	's
This capacity makes it the largest reservoir system in the United States and one of the largest in North America	America	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the United Kingdom, the album debuted at number five, selling 42,411 copies and was certified three times	times	NOUN	Platinum	NOUN	 Platinum
He also gave speeches at events, such as the 100th anniversary of Father Albert Lacombe's birth and a	a	DET	speech	NOUN	 speech
Chantal turned to the east and gained a weak outflow with cirrus clouds. The structure changed little over the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
This dispersal resulted in few fast ships being available to escort the Carrier Striking Force, reducing the number of	of	ADP	anti	ADJ	 anti
James believed Rolo Tomassi had much more of an opportunity to experiment in the studio and try things they had	had	AUX	never	ADV	 never
[Thus it covered] a large and important section of the city of Manchester. J. M. W. Turner	Turner	PROPN	sketched	VERB	 sketched
She received a bachelor's degree from the university in 1918, aged 17, and graduated again with a	a	DET	master	NOUN	 master
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 27, 1994. In the episode, Pembleton	Pembleton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition to claims of vote dilution, courts have considered vote denial claims brought under Section 2. The	The	DET	Supreme	PROPN	 Supreme
In September 2007, Senator Charles Schumer questioned Michael J. Sullivan, nominated to be the director of the Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
After this success, Fiasco's first single " Kick, Push " was released earlier than expected. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
She finished third in the Women ’ s S13 100 Butterfly event with a personal best time of 1:	:	SYM	08.24	NUM	 08.24
Soon (sometime in autumn of 534) Emperor Justinian also invested Solomon with the civil office of praetorian prefect	prefect	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
Long passing loops to hold freight trains while passenger trains overtake them were built at Lenham Heath and Singlewell.	.	PUNCT	Freight	NOUN	 Freight
The Biscayne Bay Coastal Wetlands Project (BBCW) is a CERP component specifically intended to redistribute water flow so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
In order to build up his army, he strove to gain a monopoly over the cotton and olive oil	oil	NOUN	trade	NOUN	 trade
Jepko, who had run a telephone talk show out of KSL in Salt Lake City for years, so	so	ADV	determinedly	ADV	 determinedly
New chief prosecutor Peter Blanken indicated that authorities had investigated the latest story, and had dismissed it. Blanken	Blanken	PROPN	stated	VERB	 stated
Author Leslie C. Dunn wrote in her book Embodied Voices, that the autobiographical nature of the song brought forth	forth	ADP	a	DET	 a
Binkleman goes on to say that the song " Into the Big Blue " should instantly call Aaron Copland to	to	PART	mind	VERB	 mind
The raising of the flag said to the crew the following: " The fate of Imperial Japan hangs on	on	ADP	this	DET	 this
She has collaborated with the fashion brand Vero Moda to launch two clothing lines for the company, named Marquee	Marquee	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On May 30, Stivetts started both games of a doubleheader in a home series versus the Philadelphia Athletics.	.	PUNCT	Due	ADP	 Due
Robert Copsey from Digital Spy gave the song two stars out of five, stating that the song is a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Dover served on the USEF Dressage Committee for many years, and spent eight years on the US Olympic Committee	Committee	PROPN	Athlete	PROPN	 Athlete
As the deluxe edition leaked in full, Lederman was charged by Israel's Magistrate Court on four counts:	:	PUNCT	computer	NOUN	 computer
It proposed a large development in the southern Milton Keynes district of Denbigh North, including a 30,000 capacity football	football	NOUN	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
Rupert Davies as John Lowes. Appearing as Dwyer's uncle, Witchfinder was only one of several horror films	films	NOUN	the	DET	 the
On 22 February 1979, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch,	,	PUNCT	Elizabeth	PROPN	 Elizabeth
He worked on the album between 1994 and 1995 at Electric Lady Studios, RPM, Sorcerer, and Chung	Chung	PROPN	King	PROPN	 King
A rookie pay scale was introduced, with salary increases tied to how early a player was selected in the	the	DET	NBA	PROPN	 NBA
" At one time, an effigy was burned at his door, and it was said that Toulmin could	could	AUX	have	AUX	 have
An article from the online automotive publication The Truth About Cars indicates that when the Volt is charged and driven	driven	VERB	daily	ADV	 daily
[7] Later, extravaganzas took elements of burlesque performances, which were satiric and parodic productions that were	were	AUX	very	ADV	 very
The designs of the album artwork were later brought to life by Takashi Murakami through the use of cel shaded	shaded	ADJ	animation	NOUN	 animation
Translations have been published in Danish and Chinese. In 2009, the Folio Society published an edition with an	an	DET	introduction	NOUN	 introduction
In one of the comedy scenes, M. S. Narayana is seen performing spoofs of Yamadonga (2007),	,	PUNCT	Magadheera	PROPN	 Magadheera
From 120 / 3, England lost their remaining wickets for 85, but that is perhaps less surprising than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
Defence was struck by several heavy caliber shells from the German dreadnoughts. One salvo penetrated the ship's ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	magazines	NOUN	 magazines
In April 1944, Gollob was transferred to the personal staff of General der Jagdflieger Galland, to advise on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
With an estimated mortality rate of 14 – 40%, pulmonary contusion plays a key role in determining whether	whether	SCONJ	an	DET	 an
" Regarding the World Tag Team match, Clevett thought it " should have been held off a month "	"	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
He was instrumental in setting the template for future members of the Regiment. " In his seventies, Large	Large	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Thunderbirds, Lady Penelope and Captain Scarlet and Thunderbirds annuals were published in the late 1960s; during the same	same	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
He felt the World Tag Team Championship match was an " OK tag match. " As for the World	World	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
These basic values are then modified by other factors like position of the piece (for example, advanced pawns	pawns	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The following day, the fleet departed for Constantinople for repairs in preparation to engage the Italian fleet. Nevertheless	Nevertheless	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The bushy tail, brown to black on the outside, has white insides (except in O. o. hastata	hastata	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Arab tax collectors would mock Zoroastrians for wearing Kushti and would rip it off, hanging the cord around the	the	DET	necks	NOUN	 necks
Other changes in the syntax of modern Nahuatl include the use of Spanish prepositions instead of native postpositions or relational	relational	ADJ	nouns	NOUN	 nouns
Abuse can occur alongside the required factors but on its own does not explain attachment disorder. Experiences of abuse	abuse	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Before formal Hall, the following Latin grace is recited by one of the student bible clerks. The translation	translation	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Bostock, thought to be " among the Air Force's best brains " at the time, was believed	believed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In April 1963, when a Bristol bus company was refusing to employ black staff, Constantine visited the city	city	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The country was bombed by the Allies on 27 June 1944, killing at least 35. The Sammarinese government	government	NOUN	declared	VERB	 declared
He indulges in what Watterson calls " pop psychobabble " to justify his destructive rampages and shift blame to his	his	PRON	parents	NOUN	 parents
Huebner considered the most important external relationship was with a small start up company called Oholoko, which produced cinematic	cinematic	ADJ	movies	NOUN	 movies
Some accounts give inflated casualty figures; for example, W. H. Rideing in 1896 asserts that " five hundred	hundred	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Robert F. Overmyer Robert A. Parker C. Gordon Fullerton The insignia's most prominent feature is an image of the	the	DET	Greek	ADJ	 Greek
He missed the group's US tour as a result, after not missing a show in 20 years.	.	PUNCT	Also	ADV	 Also
I hope that doesn't imply that I wanted to make a superficial record, because it's not.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The Rodrigues solitaire became extinct because of the introduction of feral cats and heavy hunting by the human population.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Barbara Holsopple, TV and radio editor for the Pittsburgh Press, noted that " ABC did a gutsy turnabout	turnabout	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In rural areas peasant women could enjoy a better standard of living than ever before, but the amount of	of	ADP	work	NOUN	 work
Following the Third Circuit's decision, Heffernan petitioned the Supreme Court for certiorari, requesting they hear the case	case	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
is considered pivotal in giving prominence to extreme metal. AllMusic's Steve Huey recognized the record as a notable	notable	ADJ	achievement	NOUN	 achievement
In Canada, the film was released by Astral Films and Criterion Pictures Corporation, and made C $1,845,000	1,845,000	NUM	by	ADP	 by
Bradman initially struggled against the English bowling. He faced his first ball from Coxon and inside edged it past	past	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Gilbert declined but offered a compromise that Sullivan ultimately accepted: the two would write a light opera for the	the	DET	Savoy	PROPN	 Savoy
Forest Avenue became NY 952P, an unsigned reference route. Although the entirety of NY 380 was now maintained	maintained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
As can be seen, the peregrine is still genetically close to the hierofalcons, though their lineages diverged in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The gaits are subject to particular observation in all stallions, and during the three year old inspections, they	they	PRON	must	AUX	 must
Bolton were playing in their second League Cup Final, having lost the 1995 edition 2 – 1 to Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Oldham's textile industry fell into decline in the mid 20th century; the town's last mill closed in	in	ADP	1998	NUM	 1998
A similarly negative assessment published in The China Weekly Review observed that " A Chinese might easily write a similar	similar	ADJ	book	NOUN	 book
The storyline was criticised by watchdogs, but Taylor defended it, calling it educational. Toyah began a relationship	relationship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" In May 2008, Paolini posted a video message on his website stating that in the book, Eragon	Eragon	PROPN	will	AUX	 will
The team had left out substantial amounts of information from the show, printing them in a booklet of the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
The music of the song was featured in the romantic comedy film I Could Never Be Your Woman (2007	2007	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Along with business partner Maverick Carter, James owns production company SpringHill Entertainment, whose first work was the Lions	Lions	PROPN	Gate	PROPN	 Gate
Indeed, their losses had been significant, and although claimed as a victory, the Americans had failed to	to	PART	secure	VERB	 secure
The last sighting with a description was in 1662, but a statistical analysis by Roberts and Solow found that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
There were no further major riots, although tension remained high in the inner city black neighborhoods. During the	the	DET	1970s	NOUN	 1970s
" Ray Bennett wrote for The Hollywood Reporter, " The Edukators is that rare beast, a terrific movie	movie	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Thompson brought Best into the Mersey. On 1 January 1794, Thomson spoke with a ship that was sailing	sailing	VERB	for	ADP	 for
It is unknown how many free roaming horses were on the public lands at that time, and it is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
Following the release of Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel, she held four concerts at the Pearl Concert Theater,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Many critics were barristers of the common law, ignorant of the court's workings, but some, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
This method has now been largely replaced by fibre optic endoscopy, which carries a higher sensitivity and a lower	lower	ADJ	frequency	NOUN	 frequency
On July 27, 2013, " What Now " debuted at number 38 on the singles chart of the	the	DET	Wallonia	PROPN	 Wallonia
The specific epithet marsupialis comes from the Latin marsupium (" pocket "); it refers to a pocket	pocket	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Facing a 3rd & 5 with 3: 24 left, his pass intended for Reggie Wayne was intercepted by	by	ADP	Tracy	PROPN	 Tracy
In modern collections, salvaged or collected birds may be preserved in a number of ways. The most traditional	traditional	ADJ	preparation	NOUN	 preparation
Montfichet's Tower was included in the sale, having also been destroyed by King John in 1213. The	The	DET	building	NOUN	 building
Major Talaya's prolonged defence of Campo Maior gave Beresford's divisions time to arrive before the captured fortress had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Jared Berggren, Aaron Craft, Jordan Hulls and Zeller were first team All District selections placing them among the	the	DET	40	NUM	 40
Scott also enjoyed the film's realistic depiction of scientists at work, saying that Carruth had an " impressive	impressive	ADJ	feel	NOUN	 feel
The 800 company owned stores had become unprofitable by 1978. Heublein promoted Michael A. Miles to run the chain	chain	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The line was then to run on an embankment south of Old Oak Common and Wormwood Scrubs before connecting to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Charles Spencer of The Daily Telegraph described it as " at times... a bit of a mess,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Other fruit is also sought after, and currawongs have been known to raid orchards, eating apples, pears	pears	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Joyce showed no particular resentment at his exclusion; he assisted the preparatory work and accompanied the polar party	party	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The soles of its paws are nearly bare and covered with strong pads. The fossa has very flexible ankles	ankles	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
' " Thompson tried to reassure the public that there was " nothing discriminatory about [himself] at all	all	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
For this purpose, he gave his papers to Duke University. Jay Luuvas, a historian there, published	published	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The Simpson family attends a prison rodeo where Marge meets Jack Crowley, a convict whom she believes to have	have	VERB	great	ADJ	 great
Horse racing was a popular outdoor past time. In addition to these leisurely activities, festivals and fairs were	were	AUX	frequent	ADJ	 frequent
The official remix features vocals from rapper Lil Wayne and a slightly different beat, produced by Jim Jonsin.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Craig Pickering, an Olympic sprinter and bobsleigher, was born in the town. Gareth Southgate (who was	was	AUX	manager	NOUN	 manager
Mostow draws a gargoyle and claims it made him kill. Mulder meets with Patterson, his former mentor,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
A salutary warning: too much effort can be counterproductive. " The whole of the second sentence represents the	the	DET	ablative	ADJ	 ablative
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg accompanied by Stephen Bosworth, the U.S. special envoy on North Korea,	,	PUNCT	led	VERB	 led
WASP 4 and WASP 5 are solar type yellow stars around 1000 light years distant and of 13th magnitude,	,	PUNCT	each	PRON	 each
Torres started his career with Atlético Madrid, progressing through their youth system to the first team squad. He	He	PRON	made	VERB	 made
She gave much of her first Nobel Prize money to friends, family, students, and research associates.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
A 2.0 litre Family II engine was also offered for some export markets including New Zealand and Singapore where it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On 3 October New Jersey fired on targets south of Tiger Island, and on 4 October the battleship fired	fired	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The keel of the first ship was laid the following month and she was launched on 14 April 1863.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
(1976). " Expenditures and receipts at Fort Pitt, PA., October 27, 1779 to	to	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Accordingly, their claim was denied. By way of compensation, the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors eventually	eventually	ADV	awarded	VERB	 awarded
" Gilbert prepared meticulously for each new work, making models of the stage, actors and set pieces,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Tone 1 (basic form) shiue, chuan, chang, hai, bau (xuē, chuān,	,	PUNCT	chāng	PROPN	 chāng
He developed a love of African history, listening to the tales told by elderly visitors to the palace,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Most of the victimized children who face prostitution are vulnerable children who are exploited. Many predators target runaways	runaways	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Though his position for the majority of his career was in defence, his offensive ability and speed meant that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Costs were similar. A brand new aircraft carrier was estimated at $27.1 million. Conversion of a Lexington	Lexington	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
Earth closets were usually housed in a separate building from the main structure and were well ventilated. As with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was there he became acquainted with General Petro Grigorenko, a fellow inmate. In December 1965, Bukovsky	Bukovsky	PROPN	helped	VERB	 helped
It starred Rajalakshmi and the gypsy dancer Jhansi Bai. In a 2015 interview with The Times of India,	,	PUNCT	Rajalakshmi	PROPN	 Rajalakshmi
The scene with the " Homer is a dope " T shirts originally had an extra line: " I	I	PRON	told	VERB	 told
Although most fights do not lead to serious injury, there have been records of broken jaws, broken necks	necks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In its UK airing on Sky One on January 8, 2008, the episode was watched by approximately 485,000	485,000	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
The secondary battery plotting rooms were down below the waterline and inside the armor belt. They contained four complete	complete	ADJ	sets	NOUN	 sets
Produced by Rob Cohen and directed by Sidney Lumet, The Wiz stars Diana Ross, Michael Jackson, Nipsey	Nipsey	PROPN	Russell	PROPN	 Russell
Once again the Blades quickly responded to the setback by beating fellow promotion rivals MK Dons 2 – 1 at	at	ADP	Bramall	PROPN	 Bramall
He headlines the Legend of Captain Jack Sparrow attraction at Disney's Hollywood Studios, and is the subject of	of	ADP	spin	NOUN	 spin
In 1875 the Longstreet family left New Orleans with concerns over health and safety, returning to Gainesville, Georgia	Georgia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They would, however, have been 2 knots (3.7 km / h; 2.3 mph) slower than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The tour ended shortly after the release of Blink 182 on November 21, 2003, at local San	San	PROPN	Diego	PROPN	 Diego
The largest known Gorgosaurus femur measured 105 cm (41 in) long. In several smaller specimens of Gorgosaurus	Gorgosaurus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
For example, Dicyphus hesperus is used to control whitefly on tomatoes but also sucks sap, and if deprived	deprived	VERB	of	ADP	 of
The minimum number of identical capsomeres required is twelve, each composed of five identical sub units. Many viruses	viruses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
To the east of this are the remains of the Stag House (53.32211° N 2.05374° W ﻿	﻿	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Harrison was appointed to the position, and frequently acted as governor during the absences of Governor Arthur St. Clair	Clair	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Rhesus factor, also known as Rhesus D (RhD) antigen, is an antigen found on red blood	blood	NOUN	cells	NOUN	 cells
When the Pennsylvania Turnpike opened on October 25, 1940, the Sideling Hill Tunnel was one of the seven	seven	NUM	original	ADJ	 original
Nichols said in September 2008 that " the modeling shoes have been hung up. " Nichols had done commercial	commercial	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
Without federal support and with no tax base, the situation became dire. The tribe closed the hospital,	,	PUNCT	sold	VERB	 sold
The sculptures on the northern bridgehouses were commissioned by William Wrigley, Jr., and are by James Earle Fraser	Fraser	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Resident Evil 5 received positive reviews. Although the game was praised for its graphics and gameplay, it was	was	AUX	criticized	VERB	 criticized
At home, Patrick is typically depicted either sleeping, watching TV, or engaged in the " art of	of	ADP	doing	VERB	 doing
This improved her singles ranking to a new high of world No. 5, but worsen her doubles ranking	ranking	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He has a violent temper, and is given to pulling out a handgun (or crowbar) in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Battery life therefore remained about the same as in previous models, at three plus hours. On October 14	14	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
One of the more dramatic examples of directional anisotropy is the diffusion of adatoms on channeled surfaces such as fcc	fcc	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
During most of the Middle Ages, the Byzantine Greeks identified themselves as Rhōmaîoi (Ῥωμαῖοι, " Romans "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
To indicate departures, the platforms are usually referred to as 2, 3 and 5. The tunnel portals	portals	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The promotion was a lottery to fly to New York held for 190 tickets valued at £5,400 each,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Secretions from the primary granules of neutrophils stimulate the phagocytosis of IgG antibody coated bacteria. Dendritic cells are specialized	specialized	ADJ	antigen	ADP	 antigen
Combs created a merit system for state government workers, ensuring that officials could not be hired or fired for	for	ADP	political	ADJ	 political
Thousands of residents and tourists were in the region following the New Year's holiday. Meteorologists warned that the	the	DET	oceans	NOUN	 oceans
) also have a positive energy release for alpha decay; their alpha decays are predicted to occur but have	have	AUX	not	PART	 not
According to Ecclestone's biographer Terry Lovell, the heads of the other FOCA teams, led by Colin Chapman	Chapman	PROPN	threatened	VERB	 threatened
The alternate Batman tells him that if something ever happens, causing him to turn evil, he will hunt	hunt	VERB	him	PRON	 him
I'm OK! " In Bobbie Ann Mason's 1985 novel In Country, the teenage protagonist recalls having	having	AUX	watched	VERB	 watched
This was followed up by Nani's third goal for the club three days later, when he scored against	against	ADP	Glentoran	PROPN	 Glentoran
While at Will and Emma's wedding, Kurt and Blaine hook up, leaving their relationship in a question	question	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
US 9 enters Sayreville, where it passes more suburban areas, interchanging with CR 673 and CR 615.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
This can occur when a very hot, massive star reaches a point in its evolution when significant mass loss	loss	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
By that time, however, Khrushchev had already begun the process of disengagement from Vietnam because of the growing	growing	VERB	conflict	NOUN	 conflict
Jericho applied the Walls of Jericho, a submission hold that typically starts with the opponent laying supine on the	the	DET	mat	NOUN	 mat
Lincoln's reputation with clients gave rise to his nickname " Honest Abe. " Lincoln's most notable criminal	criminal	ADJ	trial	NOUN	 trial
Only a very few of his poems have appeared in anthologies, and with the exception of " Trees "	"	PUNCT	—	PUNCT	 —
He also performed the song on the Dutch television show The Voice of Holland on January 21, 2011.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
He maintained that the youth of France were in danger of being abandoned by the government, and predicted unrest	unrest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Additionally, brain acetyl hydrolase (which has the same fold as a small G protein) has also been	been	AUX	found	VERB	 found
In 2007, there were 361 farmers, most of whom relied on irrigation to some extent, nine grain	grain	NOUN	banks	NOUN	 banks
When assessing such a case, the court decides whether for a public authority to frustrate an expectation is so	so	ADV	unfair	ADJ	 unfair
In the series, he has been seen by critics, and intentionally portrayed by the filmmakers, as a	a	DET	symbolic	ADJ	 symbolic
The tyres are specially designed to minimize wasted energy when the tyre rolls and have been estimated by the California	California	PROPN	Energy	PROPN	 Energy
While many of these organizations worked with towns and states along the route to improve the roadways, others simply	simply	ADV	chose	VERB	 chose
After a court in Florida launched a child welfare investigation, she stated that the cloned child's parents had	had	AUX	withdrawn	VERB	 withdrawn
The term appears five times in the Quran, but does not refer to the modern island — originally known	known	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Ramarayaningar was born in a family of landlords. He belonged to the Telugu Velama community. Ramarayaningar's family	family	NOUN	patronised	VERB	 patronised
His initial attempts to resign as Chief Justice were declined by the King, but when Hale applied for a	a	DET	writ	NOUN	 writ
Morrow hinted that their challenge was to perform a stunt that would " make Osama bin Laden feel a little	little	ADJ	incompetent	ADJ	 incompetent
Li and her teammates received byes into the third round of the singles tournament. Asked if she stood a	a	DET	chance	NOUN	 chance
Law Center student Sandra Fluke petitioned the university to change its health insurance policy to include coverage for contraception for	for	ADP	three	NUM	 three
The wide mouth is terminally placed and has furrows at the corners. There are 10 tooth rows on either	either	DET	side	NOUN	 side
Zombie chose songs that he liked, and that would enhance a given scene within the film. An official	official	ADJ	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
German territorial losses resulted in the expulsion of circa 12 million of ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe. Germany ceded	ceded	VERB	roughly	ADV	 roughly
The Kiev culture represented an intermediate level of development, between that of the cultures of the Central European Barbaricum	Barbaricum	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Some people do recover completely and others function well in society. Most people with schizophrenia live independently with community	community	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
A mixed use building is located south of the pet hospital. The building, called The Daumier, is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The characters — especially Edgar, Georg, and Kurt — are quite deliberately not developed in great detail,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
France wanted the PAF to purchase several Mirage 2000 9 fighters from the United Arab Emirates Air Force, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
At around 10: 00, support and reconnaissance troops of the 4th Company, schwere SS Panzer Abteilung 101	101	NUM	arrived	VERB	 arrived
These parodies were criticized by the authors in a 2005 book about different forms of mobbing; this stirred a	a	DET	minor	ADJ	 minor
Tijori played Boney and was paired with Sabeeha. Khiladi was a commercial success. Tijori's next important role	role	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
The Ministry of Justice undertook a " review of executive Royal Prerogative powers " in October 2009. Former Labour	Labour	PROPN	MP	PROPN	 MP
The two parties eventually reach a settlement where Chart House kept the Houston locations in their portfolio. In the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Each type of chess piece has its own method of movement. A piece moves to a vacant square except	except	SCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
The Moltalts were a prominent baronial family, but they had few other estates in the region and their family	family	NOUN	fortunes	NOUN	 fortunes
The name Hillsgrove Covered Bridge can also refer to a now vanished covered bridge, also over Loyalsock Creek,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
His assignment there was to compile reports for the Canadian government on American television techniques, focusing on dramas,	,	PUNCT	documentaries	NOUN	 documentaries
The pieces of artwork that Siddell has posted at the end of each printed book, entitled " Treatise "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Following the Civil War, particularly following the Depression of 1873 – 79, there was a rapid expansion of	of	ADP	industrial	ADJ	 industrial
His performance was met with mixed reviews with Todd Gilchrist of IGN commenting " one can't quite help but	but	CCONJ	wonder	VERB	 wonder
On another occasion, Miller avoided colliding with a hangar by centimetres. He then escaped death by skipping a	a	DET	social	ADJ	 social
Disney and Lasseter tapped Randy Newman to compose the film. The edited Toy Story was due to Newman and	and	CCONJ	Gary	PROPN	 Gary
MLS's 20 teams are divided between the Eastern and Western Conference. Each club is allowed up to 30	30	NUM	players	NOUN	 players
The Hamdanid garrisons withdrew before him, and in September 944, al Ikhshid reached ar Raqqa. Distrusting the	the	DET	Hamdanids	NOUN	 Hamdanids
The other three members of Hot Chip, Owen Clarke, Al Doyle, and Felix Martin would then "	"	PUNCT	have	VERB	 have
Benton learns that the rebels are planning to attack his school. He calls Bauer, who hides the children	children	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Dutch white lead was extracted from ores containing high levels of trace elements of silver and antimony, while the	the	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
" Amy Reiter of The Los Angeles Times wrote that " the producers hit every note (emotional, musical	musical	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Metacomet Ridge is surrounded by rural wooded, agricultural, and suburban landscapes, and is no more than	than	ADP	6	NUM	 6
A tropical storm warning and hurricane watch were subsequently posted from Baffin Bay northward to Port Aransas. The following	following	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Although Faversham Abbey was dissolved by Henry VIII the nearby St Mary of Charity, Faversham Parish Church remains,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In his consumer guide for The Village Voice, Robert Christgau cited " Yes " and " Baby Boy "	"	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
One update is the ARC 210 Warrior beyond line of sight software programmable radio able to transmit voice, data	data	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Henry G. Davis, an elderly West Virginia millionaire and former senator, was selected as the vice presidential candidate	candidate	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On the other hand, some writers look on Fluffernutters and marshmallow fluff as a source of childhood nostalgia and	and	CCONJ	regional	ADJ	 regional
" The hair and make up was done by Marco Berardini, who was inspired by European women such as	as	ADP	Brigitte	PROPN	 Brigitte
They are used to mark the passage of time, and to call the monks to liturgical services. In	In	ADP	Buddhism	PROPN	 Buddhism
Thinner than most of the other men who have portrayed Edna, Travolta appeared onscreen in a large fat suit	suit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 12, 1995. It was written by	by	ADP	Frank	PROPN	 Frank
In 1975, Tollpost Globe also established a similar service between Voss and Granvin. During the late 1970s,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In children with delayed language development, only 50% of maternal speech is matched to the object the infant	infant	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Their position required the Patriots to defend a position whose only line of retreat was across the narrow bridge,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Along with Beatty, Robert Redford, Richard Attenborough, Kevin Costner, and Mel Gibson, he is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Americans are extremely charitable by global standards. According to a 2006 British study, Americans gave 1.67% of	of	ADP	GDP	NOUN	 GDP
The pastoral Epistles, too, give the impression of being in real places, with flesh and blood people	people	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rather it contains metaphorical stories or allegories, such as those of the Good Shepherd and of the True Vine	Vine	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Montcalm carried 250 metric tons (250 long tons) of coal which allowed the ship to steam for 1,460	1,460	NUM	nautical	ADJ	 nautical
The taking of the city then allowed an overland route to be connected with Armenia itself with supply convoys beginning	beginning	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Packers then offered Favre a retirement package of $25 million marketing agreement to remain retired. This offer	offer	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Gills initially have an emarginate (notched) to adnate attachment to the stipe, but pull away as the	the	DET	mushroom	NOUN	 mushroom
He had collaborated with Deodato in his previous films Ultimo mondo cannibale and The House on the Edge of the	the	DET	Park	PROPN	 Park
The game was awarded 11th place on IGN's 2007 list of " The Top 25 PS2 Games of All	All	DET	Time	PROPN	 Time
The youngest specimens are almost entirely spherical; the cups open up and expand to a disc during maturity.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
I mean, there's what the writers think and what I've sort of thought, and in my	my	PRON	mind	NOUN	 mind
Both pieces show " an economy of writing ", the sixth " more moderate and tranquil in expression "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Capcom then provided input regarding moveset possibilities in order to reach a consensus. Each company also had their own	own	ADJ	set	NOUN	 set
Rayadappa's whose adopted son Gopalakrishna took over the rule from his father. At the time of building the	the	DET	old	ADJ	 old
According to AllMusic, Kekal was one of the first heavy metal bands from Indonesia to make international inroads,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Six singles were released from the record, four of which, " You ", " Promise ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He played for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL). However, he spent	spent	VERB	most	ADJ	 most
" Stellar senior quarterback " Keith Wenning led the Cardinals ' offense, and passed for a total of 3,933	3,933	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
The line reaches a climax on " blaues " (blue). The text of the last three lines	lines	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Historically the property must have been segregated from non trust property; more recently, the courts have drawn a	a	DET	line	NOUN	 line
The following year, he was promoted to temporary wing commander in the CAF. After the war, Brain	Brain	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The main damage would be restricted to the upper atmosphere, the ozone layer, spacecraft, including satellites,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Instead, on 28 July 1920 the Spa Conference (also known as the Conference of Ambassadors) divided each	each	PRON	of	ADP	 of
" Meyer's major storylines include operating on his own sister when she falls ill, despite a long term	term	NOUN	enmity	NOUN	 enmity
In his book Darwin's Dangerous Idea, philosopher Daniel Dennett is especially critical of Gould's presentation of punctuated	punctuated	VERB	equilibrium	NOUN	 equilibrium
Though she did not make any further half centuries during the tournament, she was twice dismissed in the forties	forties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Blaise Pascal invented the mechanical calculator in 1642; it was the first operational adding machine. It made use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On the side, during the season he kept an on line journal for MinorLeagueBaseball.com. With Alfonso Soriano having	having	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Martin later said that editing it out would have been unfeasible in any case. As a solution for the	the	DET	missing	VERB	 missing
Owing to these attributes, his superior officers treated him with respect. During his training and early career Hannes	Hannes	PROPN	Trautloft	PROPN	 Trautloft
Critically, " We Are the World 25 for Haiti " received generally negative reviews by contemporary music reviewers,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
His statement was met by protests from customers and a fall in share prices. Airbus responded to the protests	protests	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
With a runner on third and fewer than two outs, a batter may instead concentrate on hitting a fly	fly	NOUN	ball	NOUN	 ball
Before the Pacific War, it formed part of the British administered Straits Settlements and had a population of 8,960	8,960	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Electrification was finally carried out in the 1980s, as detailed below. From 1845, the line was operated	operated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The number of French soldiers involved is believed to be around 500. The number of English militiamen is uncertain	uncertain	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
For electoral purposes, Radcliffe is now divided into three wards; Radcliffe North, Radcliffe East, and Radcliffe	Radcliffe	PROPN	West	PROPN	 West
Hamels closed out the series with a strong performance, perfect through his first five innings and finishing with one	one	NUM	run	NOUN	 run
Adam then intends to use the resulting carnage to create an army of monsters much like himself. Buffy,	,	PUNCT	Willow	PROPN	 Willow
Its walls are 1.8 metres (5 ft 11 in) thick at the base, with a core of	of	ADP	flint	ADJ	 flint
In 2006, Larson was succeeded by Vickyann Chrobak Sadowski, who set the record by winning $147,517 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Once St. Croix and Banville were cleared, the Canadian Scots pushed south to Colombiers, reinforced the platoons that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
5. A group of all the fungi present in a particular area or geographic region is known as mycobiota	mycobiota	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Additionally, for certain gigs, bands can compete for band personnel, as well as a recording deal with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Attacking enemies also leaves wounds in them that match the motion carried out by Alex in inflicting the attack.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
A black ribbon needs to be placed at the top of the flag; the length of the ribbon should	should	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Initially queries reported that the pages had been removed " per the request of the site owner ", which	which	PRON	Andreas	PROPN	 Andreas
Later, in Tokyo, Japan, Wesker, who is the head of the Tokyo Umbrella facility, informs	informs	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mustaine later said: " The production of So Far, So Good... So What! was horrible,	,	PUNCT	mostly	ADV	 mostly
St. John's has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb), with lower seasonal variation than normal for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the other hand, Pál Engel says that Louis's " expeditions often lacked a realistic goal and sometimes	sometimes	ADV	even	ADV	 even
1130). Byzantium's neighboring Orthodox powers emerged as architectural centers in their own right during the Late Byzantine	Byzantine	PROPN	Period	PROPN	 Period
The Hudson Valley trail continues 0.5 miles (0.80 km) west from the Poughkeepsie Bridge to a bridge over	over	ADP	Mile	PROPN	 Mile
This practice has been also adopted by Christian pilgrims and foreign dignitaries as well. More than a million prayer	prayer	NOUN	notes	NOUN	 notes
As the series was being launched directly into syndication, there were concerns that it could affect the ratings.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The exact form of crown used in the crest varied over time. Until the reign of Henry VI it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Writing in his 1977 book The Beatles Forever, Nicholas Schaffner rued that " the exquisite, painstaking arrangements	arrangements	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The next day she started a three day saturation of the Changjon area, with one of her own helicopters	helicopters	NOUN	spotting	VERB	 spotting
Thirty six other people were injured in Shelby County by the tornadoes. One additional death took place southeast of	of	ADP	Hebron	PROPN	 Hebron
Poet and critic Théophile Gautier attended the first performance of La Sylphide. His ideas for Giselle would show touches	touches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The rebuilding of locks 6 and 7, completed in 2000, brought the number of locks restored to five	five	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
While community service is a major element of both the WOSM and WAGGGS programs, WAGGGS includes it as an	an	DET	extra	ADJ	 extra
On 27 December 2014, it was announced that Torres ' move to Milan would be made permanent on 5	5	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
Whilst out walking on New Year's Day, 1987, Drummond hit upon an idea for a hip hop	hop	NOUN	record	NOUN	 record
Levesque is a fan of the band Motörhead (which has performed three different entrance themes for Triple H over	over	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In the early 17th century, during the time of King James I, abortive plans were made to drain	drain	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
He eventually caught up with Schumacher, and it took intervention from Jochen Mass to prevent Warwick physically assaulting Schumacher	Schumacher	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 1994, Spanish High Court judge Baltasar Garzón reopened the case against them for the Monbar attack.	.	PUNCT	Subsequently	ADV	 Subsequently
Meanwhile, the company was increasing its presence in India with the formation of Defence Land Systems India in April	April	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Andrew has no connection with the stage show Grease, which I have successfully produced in the UK. There	There	PRON	is	VERB	 is
Sangay has been active in its current form for at least 14,000 years, and is still filling out the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
Ancient Greeks called these lights πλάνητες ἀστέρες (planētes asteres, " wandering stars ") or simply πλανῆται (	(	PUNCT	planētai	NOUN	planētai
Tuzgle is a prominent volcano of the back arc of the Andes and lies about 280 kilometres (170 mi	mi	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Such examples include the January 5th 2012 game tying three pointer against the Hawks in Atlanta with both James and	and	CCONJ	Wade	PROPN	 Wade
Su Song's treatise on the clock, the Hsin I Hsiang Fa Yao, constitutes a classic of horological	horological	ADJ	engineering	NOUN	 engineering
In all, roughly 7,000,000 cubic yards (5,400,000 m3) of material were excavated. Oil began flowing through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
The four halides form nickel compounds, which are solids with molecules that feature octahedral Ni centres. Nickel (	(	PUNCT	II	PROPN	II
The film had to go through these cuts as the telecast of an adult rated film during prime time in	in	ADP	India	PROPN	 India
The Court of Appeal allowed the appeal on the narrow ground that the Government had not adduced sufficient evidence to	to	PART	discharge	VERB	 discharge
While approximately 35,000 Serb refugees, trapped with the surrendered ARSK Kordun Corps, were evacuated to Yugoslavia via Sisak	Sisak	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The gills are white to grayish or even pinkish when mature and are connected by distinct cross veins. The	The	DET	caps	NOUN	 caps
Hunter Gordon Walker (Brown), who believes that Sam Winchester (Padalecki) will one day turn evil	evil	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The name " Lightning II " was later given to the F 35. The aircraft was also briefly dubbed	dubbed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
" Penry Jones found that his last days on Spooks was generally upsetting and " welled up " on his	his	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
Funk songs such as " The Blues ", " Oakland Stroke ", " Let's Have a Good	Good	PROPN	Time	PROPN	 Time
The Enugu Festival of Arts was started in 1986; it has modernised the Mmanwu festival by transferring it from	from	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Both of these discoveries — the space weathering effects and the low density — led to a new understanding about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
Burdett was said to have owned a variety of black Cocker Spaniels. Bullock crossed the Field Spaniel with the	the	DET	Sussex	PROPN	 Sussex
These trophies include action figures of playable characters, accessories, and items associated with them as well as series	series	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The N361 road (EN 361), in the southwest of the municipality, connects Lourinhã and Rio Maior	Maior	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Doggett is taken to the local jail, where he meets a fellow prisoner named Domingo. Domingo is eventually	eventually	ADV	freed	VERB	 freed
She met Lana Tisdel at a convenience store and interviewed her at Tisdel's home. Tisdel, who began	began	VERB	dating	VERB	 dating
Viking metal combines the symbolism common in black and death metal, especially the exultation of violence and virility through	through	ADP	weapons	NOUN	 weapons
Biologist Richard Hoffman, who worked with Chamberlin on the 1958 checklist, later described Chamberlin as " an exemplar	exemplar	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Embedded within a monsoon trough over the eastern Atlantic, the system maintained a slow westward track as it weakened	weakened	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He married Winefride Mary Leahy, a pianist and singer, on 15 January 1920 at St. Ignatius Church,	,	PUNCT	Norwood	PROPN	 Norwood
The maximum diameters of the ovarian follicle and the corpus luteum were 15 mm (0.59 in) and 27	27	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
This was the first job at which she was able to hire a personal assistant, which began her reputation	reputation	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
As a nod to the change in source material, the title of the Canadian edition was changed to Super	Super	PROPN	Science	PROPN	 Science
The other two boxes were at Bristol Temple Meads West, and controlling the movements in and out of the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
IGN also praised the game's " storytelling with motion captured acting and voice over ", and Wired applauded	applauded	VERB	cutscenes	NOUN	 cutscenes
The Tramp asks The Millionaire for some money, which he uses to buy all the girl's flowers and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
He complained that he was bored in prison, which he called " torture, plain and simple. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In response, WMATA is replacing its track control system and ordered an immediate inspection of all of its escalators	escalators	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When Ohio was reached in the roll call of states, its votes gave McKinley the nomination, which he	he	PRON	celebrated	VERB	 celebrated
" PewDiePie refers to his fanbase as the " Bro Army ", and individual fans as " bros "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The combined forces of Lüders, Martynov and Friedrich von Berg exceeded 6,000 men and were preparing to storm it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
A few days later, on 7 May 1945, Germany surrendered and the war in Europe came to an	an	DET	end	NOUN	 end
TNA created a section regarding their event on their website to help promote the event. TNA released a poster	poster	NOUN	featuring	VERB	 featuring
Some scenes required upwards of 70 takes. Gyllenhaal was frustrated by the director's methods and commented in an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
The inhabitants of Ypres were well prepared for a siege by the time the English and their allies arrived and	and	CCONJ	attacked	VERB	 attacked
Additionally, a brief introduction to art history is included. The Economics Basic Guide reviews fundamental economic concepts in	in	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Following a reported leak of the song days earlier, " Get Lucky " was released as a digital download	download	NOUN	single	ADJ	 single
They have since discontinued the offer, but have made the cover images available worldwide in high quality PDF files	files	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
Odaenathus was described as Roman senator in the undated tomb inscription and Hairan I was mentioned with the same title	title	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The skull and neck are not preserved, but the reconstruction of the nuchal ligament indicates the possession of a	a	DET	neck	NOUN	 neck
The king ordered an end to the capital punishments, though the severe treatment continued for several more years.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
In 2014, the School of Information opened to undergraduates, with the new Bachelor of Science in Information degree	degree	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His support for tyrants over democratic rulers would lead to growing resentment amongst the Greek cities against Macedon. On	On	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The capital's navy played a central role in the repulsion of the Arab sieges of Constantinople, but it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Meanwhile, his contract earned him US $17,500 for each ten week shot. He travelled to Clinton,	,	PUNCT	Louisiana	PROPN	 Louisiana
A third torpedo was fired five minutes later, but missed, the U boat evaded a ramming attempt by	by	ADP	crash	NOUN	 crash
Tobias Smollett was a poet, essayist, satirist and playwright, but is best known for his picaresque novels	novels	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Cantor developed important concepts in topology and their relation to cardinality. For example, he showed that the Cantor	Cantor	PROPN	set	NOUN	 set
Lolita was shot over 88 days on a budget of $2 million at Elstree Studios, between October 1960	1960	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1986 a convention of historians concluded that there had not been an Angevin state, and therefore no "	"	PUNCT	Angevin	PROPN	 Angevin
The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions were developed by Luxoflux, and ported to the Microsoft Windows by Beenox	Beenox	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Teti's claim to the throne could have relied on his marriage to Iput, who may have been a	a	DET	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
On 17 May, the club clinched their 23rd La Liga title after defeating Atlético Madrid. This was Barcelona	Barcelona	PROPN	's	PART	's
Prior to hatching — both in the egg and as newborn larvae — they have balancers, which are thin	thin	ADJ	skin	NOUN	 skin
By the late 1980s, Chemical developed its reputation for financing buyouts, building a syndicated leveraged finance business and	and	CCONJ	related	VERB	 related
The flatness of the local terrain, when combined with urban sprawl, has made flooding a recurring problem for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sunfish fry resemble miniature pufferfish, with large pectoral fins, a tail fin, and body spines uncharacteristic of	of	ADP	adult	NOUN	 adult
In January 2016, Fox announced it had ordered a pilot for a spin off series titled 24: Legacy	Legacy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Phillies lost the lead three times before winning the game. The team then opened a four game series	series	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
This tour began in June 2006 at the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art, and traveled across the country,	,	PUNCT	exhibiting	VERB	 exhibiting
Mario) is a 1990 Mario arcade style action puzzle video game designed by Gunpei Yokoi and produced by Takahiro	Takahiro	PROPN	Harada	PROPN	 Harada
" Alongside thirteen original songs that would define classic punk rock, the Clash's debut had included a cover	cover	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The orchestral scene in Paris in the 1920s had been adversely affected by the " deputy " system, whereby	whereby	SCONJ	any	DET	 any
Powell has gone on to write songs, including for Duffy, and from 2007 onwards has presented a Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	language	NOUN	 language
On October 17, the storm fell below tropical storm status and made landfall on the Kathiawar Peninsula, near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
The screenplay was written by J. Mackye Gruber and Eric Bress, based on a story by Gruber, Bress	Bress	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There are six separate tournaments that the IBAF currently recognises as " minor world championships ". Of those,	,	PUNCT	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
The series against New Zealand would be Kapil's most successful series as national coach. India followed the NZ	NZ	PROPN	tour	NOUN	 tour
for the US market as well as a return to South by Southwest. Fight Like Apes and the Mystery	Mystery	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
I 235 runs from the junction of Interstate 35 and Interstate 80 in West Des Moines to the separation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The range of the common thresher encompasses tropical and cold temperate waters worldwide. In the western Atlantic, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Many modern techniques of analytical chemistry have been used to quantify psilocybin levels in mushroom samples. Although the earliest	earliest	ADJ	methods	NOUN	 methods
" Arsenal overtook Manchester United in April 1998, and won the league after beating Everton on 3 May 1998	1998	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
Paula Vitaris noted that the kiss " seems stuck on to the episode by a tack in its complete irrelevance	irrelevance	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
As part of its 20th anniversary, the movie was released on Blu ray Disc on March 5, 2013	2013	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
South Korean investors also began to participate in the international tenders for works contracts to develop the Sakhalin Shelf,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
However, workers are known to drink hemolymph from the insects they capture, and a queen in a captive	captive	ADJ	colony	NOUN	 colony
While McBride never said so, the Kefauver hearings and the growing public association between him and the mafia may	may	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Stoneman felt that these sequences reinforced the film's claims, but " diluted its originality ". He argued	argued	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
However, the chip does not affect him when he harms demons and he now often fights on Buffy's	's	PART	side	NOUN	 side
The Boeing Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System (JHMCS) is available from Block 40 onwards, for targeting based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" Renowned writer and poet Al Young wrote of the album's most well known recording, " My One	One	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
However, Lasker won all the games from the seventh to the 11th, and Steinitz asked for a one	one	NUM	week	NOUN	 week
It is also used in business to reinforce that change needs to be gradual to be accepted. Oppositely,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
An extension was added by the end of the decade southward to M 55 at Campbell, a former community	community	NOUN	east	NOUN	 east
When an orangutan reaches the age of two, its climbing skills improve and it will travel through the canopy	canopy	NOUN	holding	VERB	 holding
The trophy was a " silver loving cup ", donated by the Brunswick Balke Collender Company. This decision	decision	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The next year in 1901, Yost was hired by Charles A. Baird as the head football coach for the	the	DET	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
" Regional Holiday Music " received mostly positive reviews from critics, many of whom pleaded for the show to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
Born in Mackay, Queensland, Mellor grew up in Scotland, Australia and South Africa before undertaking tertiary studies	studies	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In September 1942, Wilson became chief of staff of Major General George Kenney's Allied Air Forces, Southwest	Southwest	PROPN	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
He viewed his illness with dismay, crying " To think I should have such a horrid disgusting illness...	...	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
" " Tennis Court " was well received by critics, who complimented the song's production and musical style	style	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The rest of Dement's company attempted to rescue the outmatched militia men but were unable to beat back the	the	DET	native	ADJ	 native
Even with the ban, and early indications of its efficacy, predictions warned that several generations would pass before	before	ADP	full	ADJ	 full
He has also commented that his first impression of the character was that of " a serious guy dedicated to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It premiered on the Fox network on September 19, 1997. The episode was written by Glen Morgan and	and	CCONJ	James	PROPN	 James
Such techniques include PET and fMRI. These techniques provide high spatial resolution, allowing researchers to pinpoint the location	location	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While away, Sharon becomes suicidal; Case explained that Sharon's life had fallen apart and she left town	town	NOUN	to	PART	 to
By 1989 there had been calls for the creation of an International Park for Mont Blanc. In June 2000	2000	NUM	France	PROPN	 France
After " When You Believe " was written, Babyface added additional instrumentation, as well as a final bridge	bridge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
South of Moose on the Moose – Wilson Road, the Laurance S. Rockefeller Preserve Center is located on land	land	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Her performance was well received by critics. Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun Times commented that Adams was " fresh	fresh	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
From the trade overseas and over land, the Chinese acquired peaches from Samarkand, date palms, pistachios,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Experimental high definition television (HDTV) broadcasting began in Zagreb in March 2007; it was expanded to Split	Split	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The remains of these hydraulic systems have given historians a picture of the prevailing surface water distribution methods in use	use	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
It was included on the set list of her debut tour, The Labyrinth (2010). " I	I	PRON	Got	VERB	 Got
Plans were developed, and in 1983 the Ministry of Transport and Communications recommended that Øyrane be closed and replaced	replaced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
On December 29, 1919, his 89th birthday, he began work on another book, Seventy Years of	of	ADP	Progress	PROPN	 Progress
For a long time, archaea were seen as extremophiles that only exist in extreme habitats such as hot springs	springs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sarcoscypha occidentalis is frequently confused with S. coccinea, but is distinguished macroscopically from this species by its smaller fruit	fruit	NOUN	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
Confirmation, then, is necessary for the completion of baptismal grace. When confirmed, Catholics receive the "	"	PUNCT	special	ADJ	 special
Reviewers praised the fight scenes between the CG generated karas and mikuras, declaring them realistic, tasteful and stunning	stunning	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal. The skeptical Scully was initially assigned to debunk his work, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the end, Romanek and Michael Keeling, the lighting designer, opted to use Chris Martin's vocal	vocal	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
They simply go wild and allow regular childhood adventures turn into comedic epics, very over the top, but	but	CCONJ	still	ADV	 still
However, the earliest unambiguous evidence of their use appears in the painting Allegory of Good Government, by Ambrogio	Ambrogio	PROPN	Lorenzetti	PROPN	 Lorenzetti
Chan, Helena H [ui-] M [eng] (1995), " The Legislature ",	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Due to the fact that this discovery came during the Cold War, Seaborg had to request permission of the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
His questioners in Waco reported that he denied complicity in Fryer's death, but offered contradictory details about his	his	PRON	actions	NOUN	 actions
The defeat of the amendment left McGovern embittered and somewhat more radicalized. He accused Vice President of South Vietnam	Vietnam	PROPN	Nguyen	PROPN	 Nguyen
In Carroll v. United States (1925), the Supreme Court stated that probable cause to search is a	a	DET	flexible	ADJ	 flexible
Curtis, inspired by the fact that Van Gogh never knew he would be famous, had the idea for	for	ADP	an	DET	 an
" Now Is the Time " (Emile) was placed in the beach scene (Act I, Scene	Scene	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
He added four points in four playoff games as the Battalion were eliminated by the Barrie Colts in the first	first	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
I think that may have helped in the audition and it has certainly helped sustain such a long run with	with	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Four bas relief panels over the main entrance by sculptor Hermon Atkins MacNeil show different scenes from Marquette's trip	trip	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Minute (0.5 – 1.5 mm in diameter) cephalodia — pockets of cyanobacteria — are often present on the	the	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
Smaller airports could be built and operated at lower costs than larger airports, but both airports and airlines would	would	AUX	need	VERB	 need
There's a lot of madness in the world around us, and I want people to be happy.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In April, Japan refused to sign the treaty; shortly thereafter, the United States Navy announced it would	would	AUX	arm	VERB	 arm
She was also noted, alongside One, as being the only Intoner who had no real need for a	a	DET	disciple	NOUN	 disciple
Over the next several days, other Rosewood residents fled to Wright's house, facilitated by Sheriff Walker,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Although the species called " stormy petrel " in English is not one of those to which the burevestnik name	name	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The second of two TV remakes, the computer animated Thunderbirds Are Go, premiered in 2015. Widely considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
" VanDerWerff later awarded the episode an " A – " and praised — in addition to its refreshing take	take	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
On a reconnaissance the next day, MacArthur was gassed again, earning a second Wound Chevron. The 42nd	42nd	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
Shoup joined the Business Executives Move for Vietnam Peace. By 1971, Shoup publicly endorsed the anti war veteran	veteran	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
She eventually began to accept more mature roles in 2012. Her first adult roles were Emma Jean, a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Played by Darren Criss, Blaine was introduced in the sixth episode of the second season as the openly gay	gay	ADJ	lead	NOUN	 lead
Fossil fuel reserves are abundant, and will not limit carbon emissions in the 21st century. Emission scenarios,	,	PUNCT	combined	VERB	 combined
Such rituals coexisted with private offerings and prayers, and all three were accepted means of obtaining divine help.	.	PUNCT	Prayer	NOUN	 Prayer
Late summer and fall extratropical cyclones bring a majority of the precipitation which falls across western, southern, and	and	CCONJ	southeast	PROPN	 southeast
During the large Middle Pleistocene glaciations, surface runoff from glacial meltwaters would have fed directly into the river channel	channel	NOUN	network	NOUN	 network
Glennon's attempt at a Hail Mary pass fell short, giving Georgia the win with a final score of	of	ADP	31	NUM	 31
Quwaytin's son and successor Rida also entered into Ottoman service and held the title of agha like Aqil.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Baltimore residents referred to the father and son as " The Old General " and " The Young General.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
She ’ s fighting to reach a training target. She never gives up. ” Her hard work paid	paid	VERB	off	ADP	 off
This discontent flared into the 1715 Yamasee War that posed a major threat to South Carolina's viability. The	The	DET	loss	NOUN	 loss
Despite falling behind early in the contest, they took the lead in the second half and pulled away to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
Its name has become recognizable enough to be name dropped on sitcoms (Malcolm in the Middle and Married...	...	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
" In 2012 Capuano along with fellow Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank introduced legislation to combine the Securities and Exchange Commission	Commission	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
And: - The distance from Paso de Patria [the invasion point] to Humaitá is only seven leagues	leagues	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Jedd Rosche of The Maneater deemed it as one of the standout tracks of Blackout along with " Ooh Ooh	Ooh	PROPN	Baby	PROPN	 Baby
She was asked to portray Lightning's strength and to betray the character's hidden vulnerabilities. She initially found	found	VERB	it	PRON	 it
As a result of the study, during the March 2008 primaries, paper ballots were supposed to be available	available	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
It can be very difficult to eradicate, however. Means of eradication can be physical, thermal, managerial	managerial	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
They were married in a Roman Catholic ceremony on February 26, 1952, before which Stafford converted to Catholicism	Catholicism	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This became known as English spacing, and marked a divergence from French typists, who continued to use French	French	ADJ	spacing	NOUN	 spacing
Audiences can also ironically latch on to offensive themes, such as misogyny, using these films as catharsis for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
No major damage was recorded on the island, though the winds blew down a few trees and powerlines.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
His participation was, " fundamental to the credibility of the enterprise ". Chappell devised the list of Australian	Australian	ADJ	players	NOUN	 players
Production of the movie started when Tales of Vesperia was still in plot stage. The team discarded the idea	idea	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
About 850,000 – 1,000,000 of all described species are insects. Of the 24 orders of insects, four dominate	dominate	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The blast caused by a sudden release of the gas pressure inside a diving cylinder makes them very dangerous if	if	SCONJ	mismanaged	VERB	 mismanaged
Since Maryland is moving out of the ACC and into the Big Ten, the future of this series is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
On 12 July 1925, a 660 volt third rail system came into operation on both routes through Herne Hill	Hill	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In My Own Backyard ", the last release from Honky Tonk Attitude, reached number nineteen on the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Lissitzky and the entire group chose to share credit and responsibility for the works produced within the group, signing	signing	VERB	most	ADJ	 most
Many analysts of the day regarded Amin's appointment as Prime Minister as an increase in his powers at the	the	DET	expense	NOUN	 expense
By 2006, astronomers had resolved dust discs thought to be Kuiper belt like structures around nine stars other than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
The alarm pheromone and other defensive chemicals are secreted from the frontal gland. Trail pheromones are secreted from the	the	DET	sternal	ADJ	 sternal
Lewis's arguments are presented as emanating exclusively from the scholar's apolitical impartiality, whereas, at the same	same	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Whenever the ratio of an object's mass to its radius becomes sufficiently large, general relativity predicts the formation	formation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Christgau, the poll's creator and supervisor, named it third best, and in a decade end list	list	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
However, he criticized the lyrical content, as well as Ware's involvement in songwriting, stating " was	was	AUX	it	PRON	 it
Regardless of the causes of the Breeders ' hiatus, by early 1995 Deal believed her next album would be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
Hand to hand fighting followed with the Americans swinging their muskets and rifles like clubs to save their own lives	lives	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Later, the cyclone's rainfall set daily precipitation records in Northern Territory. However, the winds caused the	the	DET	most	ADJ	 most
The storm killed at least 400 people in Haiti before striking the United States near the border between North and	and	CCONJ	South	PROPN	 South
The song has also charted in the United Kingdom and its R & B chart. The song's accompanying	accompanying	VERB	music	NOUN	 music
" Now workers can be timed, " Franklin writes, " assignments can be broken up, and the	the	DET	interaction	NOUN	 interaction
The policies worked in the 1950ss precisely because the real income growth was there to support them. Cowen argues	argues	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
With fewer than 800 people on the island at any time, facilities are limited; they include a bakery	bakery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The IRA's reaction appeared in the 29 April edition of An Phoblacht, highlighting how the bombers exploited a	a	DET	security	NOUN	 security
The track was her debut single from her three album deal with Interscope Records. Along with the announcement Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	revealed	VERB	 revealed
Ultimately, however, she chooses to return to her polygamous relationship with Abdul Moelan, an affirmation of tradition	tradition	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
The city's Music and Entertainment division had initially denied permission to Gaga for playing inside the venue citing that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Nonviolent Communication holds that most conflicts between individuals or groups arise from miscommunication about their human needs, due to	to	ADP	coercive	ADJ	 coercive
The first incident involving the brigade came on 14 November 1945, when the Jewish National Council called for a	a	DET	12	NUM	 12
Plankton and Krabs begin arguing about the story, until Karen arrives and tells the real story. In the	the	DET	story	NOUN	 story
Other genes responsible for all possible patterns labeled " Sabino " have not yet been identified, though some forms	forms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wallace declined to be included in the anthology but the two became friends, exchanging many letters over the years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another album entitled, The City of Soundsville, features electronica style character themes and also did well with critics	critics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is unknown, but possibly due to damage, the name Hazen was retired and was later replaced by	by	ADP	Hal	PROPN	 Hal
To prevent the making of copies of the medal, Brigadier General George Gillespie, Jr., a Medal of	of	ADP	Honor	PROPN	 Honor
Bradman leg glanced the next one for another boundary, before again failing to read a googly on the third	third	ADJ	ball	NOUN	 ball
Pallabi Chakravorty, a Kathak dancer and a professor in the Department of Music and Dance at Swarthmore College,	,	PUNCT	US	PROPN	 US
Webber lives in Aston Clinton, Buckinghamshire, England with partner Ann Neal and her grown up son from a	a	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
" Gillian Flynn of Entertainment Weekly named Arrested Development the best television show of 2005 and said in her review	review	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
While she was in hospital, the last book that she completed unaided, English Bread and Yeast Cookery (	(	PUNCT	1977	NUM	1977
" Coming into his freshman year on the 2012 – 13 team, Dunham was named to the Preseason All	All	PROPN	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
Live performances from Times Square became a regular feature during future editions of New Year's Rockin ' Eve.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Both studies noted that the set of species in Walcott's Phyllopod Bed (Conway Morris, 1986) and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
As detected by the British, repairs to Tirpitz following Operation Tungsten progressed quickly. Work on repairing the battleship	battleship	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
In recent years, the profile of atheism has risen substantially in the Arab world. In major cities across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
They presented the previous case of Vitantonio Liuzzi at the 2007 Japanese Grand Prix, specifically the FIA's claim	claim	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The last of these relegations came during the 2008 – 09 season, when 30 points were docked from Luton	Luton	PROPN	's	PART	's
She enters the library and climbs the dilapidated spiral staircase. Once she reaches the top, Grace appears unexpectedly	unexpectedly	ADV	at	ADP	 at
From her husband's estate, Hilda Barnes mother was able to purchase and renovate real estate in Stanmore and	and	CCONJ	Leichhardt	PROPN	 Leichhardt
As airstrips were submerged and heavily damaged, relief workers were limited in their ability to quickly help affected residents	residents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Starting from the mid 1990s for four years, McCartney was involved in The Beatles Anthology, a documentary on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lombard appeared in five films throughout 1931, beginning with the Frank Tuttle comedy It Pays to Advertise. Her	Her	PRON	next	ADJ	 next
Asif subsequently released Mughal e Azam partially coloured, although he still hoped to see the full film in colour	colour	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the United Kingdom, Carey performed " My All " and " Honey " on the Des O'Connor Show	Show	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to its declination of roughly − 17°, Sirius is a circumpolar star from latitudes south of 73	73	NUM	°	NUM	°
All tissues of the fungus turn bright red if a drop of dilute potassium hydroxide is applied. Fresh fruit	fruit	NOUN	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
The hospice derived its name from Saint Pelagia, a 5th century reformed courtesan who chose to martyr herself rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The same prohibition is applicable to all the Chinese Catholics who, as officials, have recently arrived at their	their	PRON	posts	NOUN	 posts
All are voiceless versions of consonants that, in most languages, are always voiced. E allows syllabic consonants	consonants	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The player uses a point and click interface to interact with the game; for example, clicking on the	the	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
An exhumation reveals that Donald did not die of cancer, as Faye insisted, but of arsenic poisoning.	.	PUNCT	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
The Breakers had a regional hit with " Don't Bring Me No Flowers (I Ain't Dead Yet	Yet	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
" On December 24, 1863, a notice was placed in the Savannah Republican by one Carrie Bell Sinclair	Sinclair	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tikhonov began his political career in local industry, and worked his way up the hierarchy of Soviet industrial ministries	ministries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
George, like his brother, was educated at Eton College and then St John's College, Cambridge,	,	PUNCT	graduating	VERB	 graduating
In a brief review, Vincent Canby wrote that it was " not exactly incoherent, but whatever it originally	originally	ADV	had	AUX	 had
Light infantry also commonly wore a narrow waist belt instead of the customary shoulder belt. The 52nd did not	not	PART	adopt	VERB	 adopt
After playing mostly first and third base in April, he took over from George Lombard as the Devil Rays	Rays	PROPN	'	PART	 '
A third shadow clock, developed c. 1500 BCE, was similar in shape to a bent T square.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The price of duck food rose steeply while the demand for luxury foodstuffs fell, and wartime restructuring ended the	the	DET	beneficial	ADJ	 beneficial
The depression tracked southeastward, although further development was initially inhibited by wind shear. During the next day,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A second attack, simultaneous with the crossing at Kehl, occurred at Hüningen near Basel. After crossing unopposed	unopposed	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
During the ceremony, the village chiefs also bestowed chief's titles on Murdock and Maughan and proclaimed that Cox	Cox	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Before each race, players can use money earned from previous races to buy vehicle performance upgrades and weapons,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Batting at No. 5 in the next match against Oxford University, Hamence made only three as Australia made	made	VERB	431	NUM	 431
An expert skier, Nansen was making plans to lead the first crossing of the Greenland icecap, an objective	objective	NOUN	delayed	VERB	 delayed
Kennedy asked the Massachusetts electorate whether he should stay in office or resign; after getting a favorable response in	in	ADP	messages	NOUN	 messages
The name " Chobi ", came from the name of a cat at the place of Nekoi's former	former	ADJ	employment	NOUN	 employment
Aspirin use has been shown to increase the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. Although some enteric coated formulations of aspirin	aspirin	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The most famous royal visit occurred in 1624, when Ben Jonson's The Masque of Owls at Kenilworth was	was	AUX	performed	VERB	 performed
The former stream runs southeast from the north side of Iron Mountain Mine to Spring Creek, while the latter	latter	ADJ	stream	NOUN	 stream
It was included on the live DVD, released on March 12, 2008. The song was performed on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Overall, panel painters enjoyed the highest level of protection, with cloth painters ranking below. Membership of a	a	DET	guild	NOUN	 guild
Although Shelley drew on Murray's famous handbooks and other guidebooks, she specifically attempted to differentiate her work from	from	ADP	these	PRON	 these
Flights to Singapore were launched in December 2013 (2013 12). A new link to Shanghai was launched	launched	VERB	in	ADP	 in
One of the leaders, who had heard Elizabeth play, requested that she performed with them. Before the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
Martin said that he does not understand the criticism against Scully and that he thinks the criticism " bothered [	[	X	Scully	ADV	Scully
Each year on May 10, the people of Springfield drive snakes to the center of town and beat them	them	PRON	to	ADP	 to
There is a mandap in the foreground of the temple of 5.1 metres (17 ft) x 6 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
However, after making six errors during the spring, he was deemed unready for Major League action and sent	sent	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On September 18, the convection began contracting and organizing, gradually developing a circular area of thunderstorms with well	well	ADV	defined	VERB	 defined
The race circuit has many elevation changes, tight corners, and a narrow course that makes it one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Originally from Brazil, Paulo is a con artist working with his American girlfriend Nikki, an actress. Paulo	Paulo	PROPN	works	VERB	 works
The grindstone was used to twist the wires together and prevent the barbs from slipping. Day to day life	life	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Lilias Barisich, who shared ownership with her brothers after their parents handed it over to them, said of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was formerly one of Scotland's largest and best appointed estates and was referred to as " The Blenheim	Blenheim	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In a more mixed review, a critic from SonicNet stated that " Ivy specialize [s] in nebulously	nebulously	ADV	oriented	VERB	 oriented
He was promoted to captain for his victory, and received orders to take command of USS Chesapeake. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In the interim, each year it will have a broader bill, paler face patches and brighter legs and	and	CCONJ	beak	NOUN	 beak
Breeck noted that they listened to the audio of the Bale diatribe and put together their tribute piece within a	a	DET	span	NOUN	 span
Sheen made two one off stage appearances in 2009; he performed a scene from Betrayal as part of a	a	DET	Harold	PROPN	 Harold
Continuing around the northern edge of the town, the route passes residential areas to the southwest and rural areas	areas	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Clarke began Jonathan Strange in 1993 and worked on it during her spare time. For the next decade,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
During the 2015 South Indian floods, Madhavan worked alongside other Indian actors in coordinating the relief efforts. In	In	ADP	2016	NUM	 2016
In the Atlantic, weather vessel F (" Fox ") was discontinued on September 3, 1949,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The regiment suffered its worst casualties during the Battle of Chantilly on September 1, 1862. In the confusion	confusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lecrae remembers taking a BB gun and standing in the street pointing it to a car, frightening the female	female	ADJ	driver	NOUN	 driver
Born in Newton Heath, Manchester, Wallwork attended The Football Association's School of Excellence at Lilleshall as a	a	DET	teenager	NOUN	 teenager
Sheridan – whose real name was Patricia Douglas – opened an alternative therapy centre in Islington, North London,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The Borodinos were derived from the design of Tsesarevich, enlarged to suit Russian equipment, but with significantly thinner	thinner	ADJ	armor	NOUN	 armor
Kitab al Manazil wa'l Diyar, ed. M. Hijazi. Cairo: Al Majlis al A'la li l Shu	Shu	PROPN	'	PROPN	 '
Together with the title of " Baron of Inchdrewer " the castle ruins were put up for sale in April	April	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
This left Eichelberger as the only American general in the forward area, and he assumed personal command of the	the	DET	division	NOUN	 division
There are also stories of an indri that helped a human down from a tree, so they are seen	seen	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Infants make soft hoots when distressed. Orangutans are also known to blow raspberries. Orangutans build nests specialized for	for	ADP	both	DET	 both
Whiteman finally let Beiderbecke go. The cornetist spent the rest of the year at home in Davenport and then	then	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It was this building, rather than the main part of the hotel, which accommodated Queen Victoria when she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The film collected $77,743,688 in foreign box office, bringing its worldwide total to $185,253,487. Watchmen received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
In the rough and tumble debate in the House of Representatives, Whitlam called fellow MHRs Bill Bourke " this	this	DET	grizzling	VERB	 grizzling
Much of the castle property was removed, including twenty one brass cannons, and Marischal was required to sell	sell	VERB	further	ADJ	 further
She was repaired and modernised at Devonport Dockyard between February 1940 and March 1941; Captain W.N.T. Beckett relieved Bell	Bell	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The Stern Review explains that of 20 key innovations from the past 30 years, only one of the 14	14	NUM	was	AUX	 was
It was reported that on mininova.org more than 3,000 users were attempting to download episode seven late on the afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He described Pentecost as " the culmination of those ' great fifty days ' which follow the Resurrection, a	a	DET	watershed	NOUN	 watershed
The next planned major restoration may be along Salford Crescent. Local volunteers under the guidance of the Manchester Bolton	Bolton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Dade County pine has a remarkable longevity and has proven to be termite resistant, though dense enough to make	make	VERB	driving	NOUN	 driving
The Viking population in Ireland was boosted in 851 with the arrival of a large group known as " dark	dark	ADJ	foreigners	NOUN	 foreigners
To Heart 2 has received multiple manga adaptations since its original visual novel release. The first manga series was	was	AUX	illustrated	VERB	 illustrated
Killing seven Germans, they overcame the enemy resistance and brought back two defenders as prisoners. On the way	way	NOUN	back	ADV	 back
As stated by 10 U.S.C. § 9442, the Secretary of the Air Force may use the services of the	the	DET	Civil	PROPN	 Civil
McClellan further damaged his reputation by his insulting insubordination to his commander in chief. He privately referred to Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Day 1 product is issued at 4: 00 a.m. Central Time and is updated at 1700Z, and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The Syndicats, whose ranks included Steve Howe, later of Yes, recorded several sides including " Crawdaddy Simone	Simone	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Literary scholar M. Keith Booker argues that Vargas Llosa perfects the technique of interlacing dialogues in his novel The Green	Green	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
The column was quickly spotted and engaged for the next two hours by Allied artillery and aircraft causing heavy losses	losses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Marsden came in next, and lasted five minutes before getting dismissed by McDowall for 2. The next batsman	batsman	NOUN	Hervey	PROPN	 Hervey
Breckinridge intended to begin practicing law in Lexington, Kentucky, but he enlisted for service in the War of	of	ADP	1812	NUM	 1812
His offensive abilities and size made Murray consider moving him to winger. The Capitals finished second in the Patrick	Patrick	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
The tour proved commercially successful, having grossed $54 million by its conclusion, while its 2008 film adaption	adaption	NOUN	Hannah	PROPN	 Hannah
A key concept in interpreting radiocarbon dates is archaeological association: what is the true relationship between two or more	more	ADJ	objects	NOUN	 objects
After he had spent a few weeks as acting principal, the Board of Regents reconvened and appointed him to	to	PART	stay	VERB	 stay
The game box prominently displayed this rating, as well as a warning on the back panel that the game	game	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
There he earns the respect of Lizzie the Pirate and strikes a deal, promising Lizzie the gold from the	the	DET	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
It was originally broadcast on July 11, 1991 as part of " premiere week ", the Fox Network	Network	PROPN	's	PART	's
At 0000 UTC on September 5, Gabrielle reached its maximum sustained wind speed of 145 mph (230 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
A thirty minute long form music video, Rhythm Nation 1814, was produced to promote the album. Referred	Referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He was one of three former members of Australia's Berlin Airlift squadron to be specially honoured by the City	City	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Based on studies to grow the Mercury spacecraft capabilities to long duration flights, developing space rendezvous techniques, and	and	CCONJ	precision	NOUN	 precision
Tom Ewing of The Guardian said that " the second episode [in the trilogy] has a different flavour	flavour	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
During migrations, over a thousand individuals may gather. These groups are generally segregated by size, and in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film was made on a budget of ₹ 350 million, and was officially launched on 9 December 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The album was certified platinum in Hungary for selling 30,000 copies. After debuting at number three on the Italian	Italian	ADJ	Albums	PROPN	 Albums
There are student governance bodies in each college and school. The two largest colleges at the University of Michigan	Michigan	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
The song's music video was directed by Little X and features cameo appearances by Keri Hilson, Bria Myles	Myles	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It resulted in a compromise where the municipality bought shares for NOK 100,000. A year later, the municipality	municipality	NOUN	purchased	VERB	 purchased
Chris Gerhinger mastered the song at Sterling Sound in New York City. " Breaking Point " is a mid	mid	ADJ	tempo	NOUN	 tempo
However, the test statistic to be used requires the addition of a bias correction term and is: <	<	X	formula	NOUN	formula
The odds against all three hydraulic systems failing simultaneously had previously been calculated as high as a billion to one	one	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
India toured South Africa in December 2013 for three ODIs and two Tests. Kohli averaged 15.50 in the ODIs	ODIs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was produced by Mark Moffatt, who had also worked with Mental As Anything and Jenny Morris. The	The	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Simms was named starter for the 1992 season after beating out Hostetler, whom Handley still thought high of as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Wendy Oxenhorn, director of the Foundation, arranged for housekeeping and free medical care for Norman, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
This he did by falling into a deep sleep, or entering a state similar to death, usually at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bank operated as the primary subsidiary of the Chemical Banking Corporation, a bank holding company established in 1988	1988	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The main frontrunner for the role was Michael Billington. United Artists wanted an American to play Bond; Burt	Burt	PROPN	Reynolds	PROPN	 Reynolds
By 1791, the town was described in less flattering terms than those Defoe had used 70 years earlier.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
To date, Clan MacAulay does not have a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, and	and	CCONJ	therefore	ADV	 therefore
In July 2007, Hudema returned to Edmonton to work as the Climate and Energy Campaigner for Greenpeace Canada at	at	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Meanwhile, paratroopers were to be lifted by helicopters into the town while the fourth force would make a diversionary	diversionary	ADJ	attack	NOUN	 attack
The third voyage was successful, and he arrived at Carlisle Bay, Barbados on 21 April. He joined	joined	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In the day before Chataan affected the island, it dropped torrential rainfall due to its elongated structure and slow	slow	ADJ	movement	NOUN	 movement
Portela failed to get the required support in the parliament to rule as a majority. The government was dissolved	dissolved	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Rihanna is seen in eight different scenes and settings, one of which showed an almost nude Rihanna covered in	in	ADP	black	ADJ	 black
When the military court refused to reach a verdict, Ney's case went to the Chamber of Peers,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In the 2000 film Hey Ram, the lead character, Saket Ram (played by Kamal Haasan) and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Some advanced to their designated objectives while others were diverted to other areas, then ordered to dig in along	along	ADP	defensive	ADJ	 defensive
A later Aerobee rocket launched from White Sands Missile Range on July 7, 1967, yielded further evidence that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
U 105 returned to Lorient on 8 February. Seventeen days later, on 25 February, U 105 left	left	ADJ	Lorient	PROPN	 Lorient
The ship carried a maximum of 1,233 metric tons (1,214 long tons) of coal which allowed her to	to	PART	steam	VERB	 steam
An enclave surrounded by university grounds, Queen's Park, contains the Ontario Legislative Building and several historic monuments	monuments	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The National Wildlife Federation described her as " a passionate, articulate, and tireless voice for the environment "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
As of 2010, there are ten exits and two rest areas situated along the route. Most of the	the	DET	motorway	NOUN	 motorway
Such a number would likely represent a large fraction of the entire population at the time, or perhaps all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The Scottish Parliament is responsible for devolved matters such as education, health and justice, while reserved matters are	are	AUX	dealt	VERB	 dealt
At the time, the proposed nuclear reactor, gas centrifuge and gaseous diffusion technologies were still in the research	research	NOUN	stage	NOUN	 stage
Todd did not favour flair players, and Kinkladze made only a single substitute appearance in Todd's first two	two	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Departures take place on the lower deck (similar to the A380 boarding lounges currently in use at Gates 9	9	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition to previously having expanded geographic ranges, extant subfossil lemurs exhibited significant variation in size. Researchers have	have	AUX	noted	VERB	 noted
In ascending cholangitis, it is assumed that organisms migrate backwards up the bile duct as a result of partial	partial	ADJ	obstruction	NOUN	 obstruction
Morris and Hassett started slowly, scoring only six runs in the first six overs on a surface that offered	offered	VERB	spin	NOUN	 spin
He wrote in Roughing It (1872) that the lake was in a " lifeless, hideous desert...	...	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Mercedes is shocked when Browning is released, blaming Lynsey's murder on Riley. Browning surprises Mercedes on Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	Eve	PROPN	 Eve
The development team planned to distinguish The Last Remnant from the Final Fantasy series and other role playing games through	through	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Wolf and tiger interactions are well documented in Sikhote Alin, where tigers depress wolf numbers, either to the	the	DET	point	NOUN	 point
The ninth and tenth placed teams were relegated to the Division Three for 2014 The format of the Cricket World	World	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
Air America helicopters started flying to the rooftop LZs in Saigon and either shuttled the evacuees back to the DAO	DAO	PROPN	Compound	PROPN	 Compound
The sighting led to an extensive year long government funded search. In 1985, Aboriginal tracker Kevin Cameron produced	produced	VERB	five	NUM	 five
Psilocybe yungensis is used by Mazatec Indians in the Mexican State of Oaxaca for entheogenic purposes. The species was	was	AUX	described	VERB	 described
He later appeared in the films Prefontaine (1997), Sol Goode (2001), and Highway (	(	PUNCT	2002	NUM	2002
I think the show is doing a really good job following the mythology, and Tom is doing a good	good	ADJ	job	NOUN	 job
The Japanese government also sought to improve the country's civil defenses in response to the Doolittle Raid and the	the	DET	threat	NOUN	 threat
This record would not be surpassed until the 2011 Super Outbreak which killed 324 people. Damage from tornadoes was	was	AUX	estimated	VERB	 estimated
Afterwards, members from each team entered at time intervals until all wrestlers were involved in the bout so a	a	DET	pinfall	NOUN	 pinfall
However, he retired from playing two years later, aged only 26, due to a knee injury.	.	PUNCT	Whiteside	PROPN	 Whiteside
The commuter trains were initiated in 1913, and Norsk Hydro started building housing at Ingolfsland and Tveito, and	and	CCONJ	both	CCONJ	 both
Reviews praised the dark subject matter of the song, and praised Ocean's ability to create narratives and the	the	DET	sonic	ADJ	 sonic
The Spafford Farm massacre occurred the following day, and Dodge set out for Fort Hamilton as soon as he	he	PRON	heard	VERB	 heard
" Paul Halmos states that " von Neumann's speed was awe inspiring. " Edward Teller admitted that he	he	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
And indeed it would have been inconsistent in creation to have formed man for the social state, and not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
Besides existing buildings and technical literature of building manuals, Song dynasty artwork portraying cityscapes and other buildings aid modern	modern	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
The Upper Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests and the drier Terai Duar savanna and grasslands cover the lowlands along the	the	DET	Uttar	PROPN	 Uttar
Star Breweries also produces THB Fresh, a shandy (locally called panaché), with less than 1%	%	NOUN	alcohol	NOUN	 alcohol
The reviewer also enjoyed the development of Dick's character that occurred with the return of his father, stating	stating	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
They discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft. Inside, they find the remains of a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
The property crime rate for 2010 was 4,964.6 incidents per 100,000 people, compared to an average of 3,415.5 in	in	ADP	Oklahoma	PROPN	 Oklahoma
Despite the increased popularity of the use of the term " sustainability ", the possibility that human societies will	will	AUX	achieve	VERB	 achieve
It is not known exactly when Edward the Exile's family returned to England, whether they returned with Edward	Edward	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In an attempt to renew the truce, Leo obeyed the legate's demand, promising to withdraw from Bagras	Bagras	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the penalty shoot out, Ronaldo missed Manchester United's third kick, giving John Terry the chance to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
The agreement guaranteed the territorial integrity of Vietnam and, like the Geneva Conference of 1954, called for national	national	ADJ	elections	NOUN	 elections
This ruling ended the NCAA's investigation of Michigan's football program. Several players excelled individually. The season	season	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Dr. Joan Bushwell, the " Jane Goodall type " character in the episode, was portrayed by American voice	voice	NOUN	actress	NOUN	 actress
The song was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for the shipments of 500,000	500,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
The views of the German reformer Martin Luther and his school were widely known and disputed in England. A	A	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Though many similar bracelets have survived, sets of four are most unusual; they may have been worn two	two	NUM	on	ADP	 on
It was the only European country to have managed to liberate itself without the intervention of foreign troops (though	though	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
According to Mustaine, he was also encouraged to experiment by Marty Friedman ’ s desire to indulge in his	his	PRON	pop	NOUN	 pop
The result was a life size, well proportioned nude figure, posed unconventionally with his right hand atop his	his	PRON	head	NOUN	 head
As an unheralded guard after his sophomore season, he worked out with his cousins on guard drills that their	their	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
Casualties for the battalion between April and September amounted to 34 killed and 95 wounded. As the 5th Division	Division	PROPN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
(Jackson's husband is a main proponent of the proposed Chicago south suburban airport in Peotone, Illinois)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Roughly a quarter of a mile (0.4 km) from the county line, the commercial surroundings end as	as	ADP	NY	PROPN	 NY
Although access to the journal requires a subscription, its publishers " [felt] this paper and subject are	are	AUX	too	ADV	 too
Truman was born in Lamar, Missouri and spent most of his youth on his family's farm near Independence	Independence	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The acquisition program for the Leopard 2E began in 1994, five years after the cancellation of the Lince tank	tank	NOUN	program	NOUN	 program
Headquartered in Beers Hall at the Connecticut Valley Hospital campus in Middletown, Connecticut, the Connecticut Wing (CTWG	CTWG	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Hubbard decided to relocate back to the United States to establish a " land base " for the Sea Org	Org	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
John Van Etten (Nail32) received the Distinguished Flying Cross for his part in this rescue. Hambleton received	received	VERB	the	DET	 the
Shortly after he began the construction of that large building, in 170 BC upon returning from a military campaign	campaign	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
McFarlane Productions distributed one thousand copies of a limited edition lithograph to promote the character at E3 2003. Drawn	Drawn	VERB	by	ADP	 by
All of NY 18F north of Youngstown is maintained by the town of Porter while the rest — Center Street	Street	PROPN	between	ADP	 between
In his poem, " The Circus Animals ' Desertion ", he describes the inspiration for these late works	works	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Under the storm and closer to where most tornadoes are found, evidence of a supercell and likelihood of a	a	DET	tornado	NOUN	 tornado
Walternate learns of Walter's presence in the hospital and dispatches " Fauxlivia " (Torv) and " Alt	Alt	ADJ	Charlie	PROPN	 Charlie
Based on these observations, it was estimated that Chantal had intensified into a hurricane early on August 1.	.	PUNCT	Hurricane	PROPN	 Hurricane
Through December, Foraker worked to try to retain his Senate seat, which required action by the Ohio legislature	legislature	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A tropical wave — an area of low pressure oriented north to south — moved off the African coast well	well	ADV	south	ADV	 south
James Madigan, the visual effects supervisor, approached the series as a feature film, observing that " every	every	DET	aspect	NOUN	 aspect
She was fitted with electrical pumps that had a capacity of 2,000 t (2,000 long tons) of water	water	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Originally, the episode was supposed to be about Misery. One of the ideas was that Grampa would get	get	AUX	injured	VERB	 injured
Almost immediately after the Lowestoft raid, Admiral Reinhard Scheer began planning another foray into the North Sea. He	He	PRON	had	AUX	 had
By 1901, a team called Bradford City had played in the leagues within the city, playing for two	two	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
At Duke University Johnson and his team clinched the ACC Coastal Division for the first time since 2006. Still	Still	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Notable critics included Richard Simpson, Margaret Oliphant and Leslie Stephen. In a review of the Memoir, Simpson	Simpson	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
Her offspring Chesty was named after Chesty Puller, one of the few Marines ever allowed to ride Reckless.	.	PUNCT	Puller	PROPN	 Puller
Following its 20th century decline the estate changed hands several times until local farmer Hamish Watson purchased it in December	December	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
On 25 March 1943 the construction plans were presented to Hitler, who immediately gave the go ahead for the	the	DET	project	NOUN	 project
In the city of Leipzig, tempus clausum was observed during Lent, therefore it was the last Sunday with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Originally written for inclusion on Stefani's Harajuku Lovers Tour 2005, the song was later recorded for her second	second	ADJ	solo	NOUN	 solo
For example, a beefsteak cooked well done will not have any pinkness in the middle when sliced. Uncooked	Uncooked	PROPN	beef	NOUN	 beef
While the RPG genre was predominantly Western and limited to PCs, Japanese gamers enjoyed home grown games such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Of these only India became a customer, purchasing the Sea Harrier. At one point China came very close	close	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The old Massachusetts colonial leadership, restored due to the rebellion and headed by ex governor Simon Bradstreet, then	then	ADV	summoned	VERB	 summoned
Miyamoto came up with many characters and plot concepts, but he eventually settled on a love triangle between gorilla	gorilla	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thiele probably also hit her with a torpedo and she was rammed from behind by HMS Hotspur when the latter	latter	ADJ	ship	NOUN	 ship
Also, December 1 (" Flag Day "), January 31 and October 5 were declared national holidays	holidays	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They first visit the Utica branch, where former Scranton employee Karen (Rashida Jones) is now regional manager	manager	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The expedition to Jamaica, having failed in its mission, returned directly to Charles Town. Spanish messengers from	from	ADP	Pensacola	PROPN	 Pensacola
A tornado in southern Georgia, about 9 mi (14 km) west of Albany, damaged or destroyed	destroyed	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The line terminates at Aurora Village Transit Center, allowing for transfers to Swift. In its transit development plan	plan	NOUN	published	VERB	 published
This echoes a comment made by Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad, comparing Singapore's disclosure of letters between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album features a harsher and more theatrical style than Pink Floyd's previous albums. Wright left the band	band	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
He died in Alupka in 1916. Countess Yelizaveta Vorontsova Dashkova lived in the palace until April 1919. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Immediately after Luna's death, confusion reigned on both sides. The Americans even thought Luna had taken over	over	ADP	to	PART	 to
At this time, it was claimed that a total of ten million man hours had been worked and 120,538	120,538	NUM	cubic	ADJ	 cubic
In 1946, Vincent reverted to the permanent rank of captain and began teaching at the Air War College.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Darjeeling had become an important tourist destination as early as 1860. It is reported to be the only location	location	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 2004 China signed a major agreement to buy oil and gas from Iran, as well as to develop	develop	VERB	Iran	PROPN	 Iran
According to Lindsey Fortier of Billboard, " Fembot " sees Robyn " get [ting] in touch with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Reborns can come with an umbilical cord, baby fat, heat packs to make the reborn warm to the	the	DET	touch	NOUN	 touch
The main building features viewing galleries, a lecture theatre and interactive games and displays designed to teach visitors about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, by spring 2009, Kennedy's tumor had spread and treatments clearly were not going to cure it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
On January 18, 2011, Bradley was arrested at his home in Encino, California and charged with making	making	VERB	criminal	ADJ	 criminal
Should this occur, the German divisions could then advance across the open and undefended French countryside, beyond Sedan	Sedan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
While in Montpellier, de Candolle published his Théorie élémentaire de la botanique (Elementary Theory of Botany, 1813	1813	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The new church had a seating capacity of 700. In its 110 foot (34 m) tower was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Episode two revealed that Edwards had contributed to the album; he expressed that it was difficult keeping his involvement	involvement	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Bat Girl never existed either, but a superheroine named Flamebird was introduced who had a somewhat similar costume and	and	CCONJ	similar	ADJ	 similar
As an example of the pace of communication, it took a messenger a minimum of nine days to travel	travel	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Joanne Whalley as Sorsha, Bavmorda's warrior daughter who falls in love with Madmartigan. In the film's	's	PART	novelization	NOUN	 novelization
It is a find of the greatest national (and, indeed, international) significance. " On 7	7	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
" Tombstone Blues " and " It Takes a Lot to Laugh " were included in the final album,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Only Delta Goodrem and Kylie Minogue have achieved more. " Angels Brought Me Here " sold 128,679 copies in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Mark Gordon and Graham Yost stated they felt " bitter and happy " after initially not being asked to be	be	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
By modern standards, the brewing process was relatively inefficient, but capable of producing quite strong alcohol when that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Prior to releasing music, she acted in various television drama and plays. In 1996, she acted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coinciding with this news, the company launched a website to cover The Open Championship of 1996; it detailed	detailed	VERB	both	DET	 both
During their time together, Lightning inadvertently summons Odin, and she unknowingly supports Hope's plan to assassinate Snow	Snow	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Fujisaka crafted her to emulate the dark tones of the series, although he also added features to create a	a	DET	feminine	ADJ	 feminine
Other key Square Enix staff members working on Luminous Studio include Takeshi Nozue, Akira Iwata and Hiroshi Iwasaki.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Smaller, less dominant species locate themselves further away from the centre, or higher above the location of the	the	DET	dominant	ADJ	 dominant
When Savage, McCann and Farrell — known IRA members — travelled to Spain in preparation for the attack,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
According to the Nielsen ratings system, it was watched by an estimated 5.24 million viewers and earned a 1.9	1.9	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The broad ampullaceous pitcher is 6 inches in diameter, and 12 long: it has two fimbriated wings in	in	ADP	front	NOUN	 front
In 1984, the Delhi Development Authority and the Urban Arts Commission came up with a proposal for developing a	a	DET	multi	ADJ	 multi
Sherman's division bore the brunt of the initial attack. Despite heavy fire on their position and their left	left	ADJ	flank	NOUN	 flank
After the conquest, the inhabitants of the kingdom were resettled in San Pedro Sacatepéquez, and San Martín Jilotepeque	Jilotepeque	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Australia were not scheduled to play any Tests until a tour of South Africa in 1957 – 58 and captain	captain	NOUN	Ian	PROPN	 Ian
Lancaster further demonstrated his disapproval of the king by his refusal to assist Edward in his Scottish campaigns, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Old vine Zinfandel plantings dating from the 1930s have been found in Baja California, Mexico. There are also	also	ADV	small	ADJ	 small
Ben tells Juliet he will convince Jack to perform surgery on him. After Goodwin dies, Ben shows Juliet	Juliet	PROPN	the	DET	 the
I just couldn't understand what was happening because I was so sure that I was going to go to	to	ADP	school	NOUN	 school
There are five whorled sepals at the base of the corolla. Within the corolla is a central style that	that	PRON	persists	VERB	 persists
The boundaries of the town are virtually indistinguishable between its neighbouring small towns and villages forming a contiguous urban area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — one on Friday, and two on Saturday. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The notion of racial superiority, symbolized by this Aryan hero, was a criticism given by J. Hoberman and	and	CCONJ	James	PROPN	 James
USgamer's Jeremy Parish wrote that the game's challenges were in distinguishing the interactive objects from the environment and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Besides fish, as well as other types of seafood, Zibdieh, is a clay pot dish that consists	consists	VERB	of	ADP	 of
In terms of lyricism, he simplifies some of his rhymes after touring with The Rolling Stones on their A	A	DET	Bigger	ADJ	 Bigger
' They're not ready for that one! ". A separate music video was filmed for the remix	remix	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Over 12,000 women graduated from the school in its 94 years of operation. By the 1940s, budget concerns	concerns	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the 21st century, there is increasing global awareness of the threat posed by the human greenhouse effect,	,	PUNCT	produced	VERB	 produced
A simplified version of the model was popularized by Paul Krugman in the 1990s in his book Peddling Prosperity.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Before version 3.0, Python had two kinds of classes: old style and new style. Old style classes	classes	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
A Region 2 DVD and Blu ray containing this episode together with " Vincent and the Doctor ", "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
those are sensual things. And then you'd say, ' I'm picking up good vibrations, '	'	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Caius did discuss the " Spainel gentle, or Comforter " though, which he classified as a delicate thoroughbred	thoroughbred	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He brought a number of prominent Thelemites into the O.T.O., including Jack Parsons and Grady Louis McMurtry, but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
On February 12, 2008, Imad Mughnieh was killed by a car bomb in Damascus, Syria. On	On	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
The highway is a part of the National Highway System for its entire length. SR 40 begins at the	the	DET	intersection	NOUN	 intersection
A sequel was originally planned for 2017, but was removed from the studio's schedule in November 2015.	.	PUNCT	List	ADJ	 List
Croatian sources said Mladenić ordered the bombardment in retribution for the loss of Mukos. In response to the difficult	difficult	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
The main unit began on 3 January 2008 at Pinewood Studios. The 007 Stage was used for the fight	fight	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Kamimura closed to about a range of 8,000 meters (8,700 yd) before sheering off under fire to join	join	VERB	Tōgō	PROPN	 Tōgō
Windon appeared in all three Tests, as well as playing for New South Wales against the tourists. He	He	PRON	scored	VERB	 scored
Jamahl Epsicokhan, on his website Jammer's Reviews, said that it was " by miles the best episode	episode	NOUN	so	ADV	 so
According to an unnamed Al Jazeera reporter, hospitals in Manama were full because of patients that were awaiting treatment	treatment	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
" Bakshi wanted the film to be the antithesis of any animated film produced by the Walt Disney Company.	.	PUNCT	Accordingly	ADV	 Accordingly
This action violated the treaty that had been signed by the Roman emperor Augustus and Parthian king Phraates IV which	which	PRON	gave	VERB	 gave
Clayton said that adding the song to the tour's set list was " very experimental " and that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Manuel was involved in the negotiations. Bern was not prepared to insist on the unhindered preaching or the prohibition	prohibition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The city is located at an elevation of 4,336 feet (1,322 m) on the western flank of the	the	DET	Sacramento	PROPN	 Sacramento
Elsewhere in the country a funeral procession was held for Fadhel Al Matrook, while a motorcade of about 100	100	NUM	cars	NOUN	 cars
It's going to be there for years. " The book " Then Ozzie Said to Harold... "	"	PUNCT	:	PUNCT	:
After nearly 40 minutes of brutal, close quarters fighting, the two sides broke contact and ceased fire at	at	ADP	02	NUM	 02
In 1543, several conservative clergymen in Kent banded together to attack and denounce two reformers, Richard Turner and	and	CCONJ	John	PROPN	 John
It also featured non musical media, such as the Bread and Puppet Theater and comedians Todd Barry, Kristen	Kristen	PROPN	Schaal	PROPN	 Schaal
The Yankees needed a top tier starting pitcher to pair with CC Sabathia, and the Mariners felt they could	could	AUX	afford	VERB	 afford
To this end, she helps Lynx manipulate the Acacia Dragoons, the powerful militia governing the islands of El	El	PROPN	Nido	PROPN	 Nido
Commander of Einsatzgruppe D, SS Gruppenführer Otto Ohlendorf, particularly noted this propensity towards excess, and ordered that	that	SCONJ	any	DET	 any
Aziz Ansari, who was particularly acclaimed during the first season for his role as Tom Haverford, received similar	similar	ADJ	praise	NOUN	 praise
The ship entered the harbor by the western entrance and struck at least one mine. The crew abandoned ship	ship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was built originally as the sixteen story high Lumber Exchange Building and later renamed as the 11 South LaSalle	LaSalle	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
On the subject of the Broadway revisions, Schwartz recalled, " It was clear there was work to be	be	AUX	done	VERB	 done
Four days later, hackers managed to access, download, and distribute the game online; Microsoft stated they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
By this point, the Texian Army was dominated by very recent arrivals to the region, primarily adventurers from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the second busiest railway station in Norway, behind Oslo Central Station (Oslo S), from	from	ADP	which	PRON	 which
A Florida court found in favor of the plaintiff and ordered the federal government to compensate him for the damages	damages	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Argylls subsequently sent a patrol into the town, establishing initial contact with US 3 / 187 RCT,	,	PUNCT	marrying	VERB	 marrying
The hurricane remained barely inland and re emerged into the Atlantic at Merritt Island early on September 4. Thereafter	Thereafter	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
One critic of the book wrote, " The work rapidly becomes an apology for political terrorism and effectively advocates	advocates	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was also interested in protecting the weakening Ottoman Empire, which could be advantageously utilized in the event of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The case was eventually settled in 2002, four months after Wilkinson's death. On December 18, 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Greek poet Oppian (172 – 210 AD) claimed that the touch of stingray venom could even dissolve stone	stone	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Native metatherian predators (including the saber toothed thylacosmilids) had gone extinct by the Pliocene, and were replaced	replaced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Cameron said he " has that quality of being a guy you'd want to have a beer with,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The newspaper then compared it to the 1948 ballet film The Red Shoes in having " a nightmarish quality...	...	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Also, because real tires have a finite contact patch with the road surface that can generate a scrub torque	torque	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is usually a rest tremor: maximal when the limb is at rest and disappearing with voluntary movement and	and	CCONJ	sleep	NOUN	 sleep
Such sculptures are found in Eran, Muradpur, Badoh, Gwalior, Jhansi and Apasadh. In the anthropomorphic	anthropomorphic	ADJ	form	NOUN	 form
In total, 129 episodes have been produced and broadcast. My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The Republican National Committee ordered 250,000 copies in pamphlet form, and eventually twice that many were printed. Weed	Weed	PROPN	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
Due to his advanced age, Brezhnev was regarded as too old to carry out some of the functions of	of	ADP	head	NOUN	 head
The destroyer fell back through her smoke screen to buy time to get her second torpedo mount working, but	but	CCONJ	Heye	PROPN	 Heye
Simon Hornblower asserts that Thebes ' great legacy to fourth century and Hellenistic Greece was federalism, " a kind	kind	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The name " crustacean " dates from the earliest works to describe the animals, including those of Pierre Belon	Belon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cooper and John based their work on earlier models including Peter Diamond's (1982) coconut model, which	which	PRON	demonstrated	VERB	 demonstrated
In all, two hundred railway employees were killed between 1886 and 1916. In 1912, the CPR admitted	admitted	VERB	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
Under the influence of a cold front, Nicole curved northeastward starting on November 27. While crossing sea surface	surface	NOUN	temperatures	NOUN	 temperatures
The depiction of Christ in pictorial form was highly controversial in the early church. From the 5th century onward	onward	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
These bicycle frames featured " Greg LeMond " branding. In 1990, LeMond founded LeMond Bicycles to develop machines	machines	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The first live performance of the Ray Davies Quartet, the band that would become the Kinks, was at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Later that season, it was announced that the stand was available for shared use between both home and away	away	ADV	supporters	NOUN	 supporters
It was the club's first season in European competition, and they beat Italian side Torino, East German	German	ADJ	club	NOUN	 club
The Solicitor General, John Lee, appeared on behalf of the Zong's owners, as he had done	done	VERB	previously	ADV	 previously
It was similar to the Rodrigues rail, but was larger, and had proportionally shorter wings. It has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Gartness, a British steamer of 2,422 gross register tons (GRT), was transporting manganese ore, lead	lead	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With Goodies, Ciara was hailed as the " Princess " or " First Lady of Crunk & B. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The nomenclatural database Index Fungorum does not consider these varieties to have independent taxonomical significance. In a 2012 publication	publication	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There are about 26 species in the genus (see below), ranging in size from understorey shrubs with	with	ADP	subterranean	ADJ	 subterranean
As a hermit, Withers lives in solitude. He does not own a car or television; he gets	gets	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In March 1933 Waugh wrote to Peters from Chagford to say that he intended to call the novel A Handful	Handful	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" For many years afterward, the Halifax Explosion was the standard by which all large blasts were measured.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
He spent two months under harsh conditions in captivity before being liberated by South African troops. He lost a	a	DET	considerable	ADJ	 considerable
The June 1988 forecast was that eleven storms would form and that seven would reach hurricane status. The forecast	forecast	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
During the running fight under the trees Juigné's force lost 25 men and abandoned part of its ammunitions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In January 2014, it was announced that a digital spin off of Veronica Mars was in development with creator	creator	NOUN	Rob	PROPN	 Rob
That same month BA purchased a 25% stake in the Australian airline Qantas and, with the acquisition of	of	ADP	Brymon	PROPN	 Brymon
According to his analysis it would cause a problem if " the Pakistani Taliban attack bridges or decide to take	take	VERB	these	DET	 these
Coming just after New Zealand abandoned their 1967 rugby tour over South Africa's refusal to accommodate a mixed team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His estate was called Colen Donck, for " Donck's colony ", and the Nepperhan became known as	as	ADP	Colen	PROPN	 Colen
The building is situated in the Hollywood Walk of Fame monument area on the southwest corner of the intersection referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
She guilts Freddie into accompanying her to the ball and volunteers Emily to go with JJ. Later, she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
" It is a duality in unity, the underlying principle being a sexual dualism ". Art historian Sivaramamurti	Sivaramamurti	PROPN	calls	VERB	 calls
' " Saunders concluded that the song " is as lively and rousing as most of their best tracks.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
However, not all Gyeongju clans date to the Silla period; for instance, the Gyeongju Bing clan was	was	AUX	founded	VERB	 founded
During development, many ideas were considered for Li Long's appearance, including several younger drafts. Another idea	idea	NOUN	considered	VERB	 considered
Prior to the fires of 1996 to 2003, archeologists had surveyed approximately ninety percent of the park. Dense	Dense	ADJ	undergrowth	NOUN	 undergrowth
Morrisett used the same fund raising techniques as he had used for Sesame Street. The Electric Company stopped production	production	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Recording for Trespass began in June at Trident Studios, London with Anthony as producer and David Hentschel hired as	as	ADP	assistant	ADJ	 assistant
The 10 September episode was followed by a twenty minute episode of documentary programme EastEnders Revealed titled " Peggy Mitchell	Mitchell	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
In a comparative technical test, Network World said the EX4200 was the top performer out of network switches they	they	PRON	tested	VERB	 tested
Around nightfall, the 22nd was relieved by the 20th Maine. Falling back to a sunken road on the	the	DET	outskirts	NOUN	 outskirts
King George III's fourth son, Edward, Duke of Kent, fathered the eventual heir, Victoria,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Randy Manery became the team's first all star when he played in the 1973 contest. He was subsequently	subsequently	ADV	joined	VERB	 joined
He was in command of Southampton in May 1772 when he received orders to command a small squadron tasked with	with	ADP	transporting	VERB	 transporting
The difficulty of wood fighting was not appreciated at the time and Farr wrote that the reputation of the division	division	NOUN	suffered	VERB	 suffered
" Each member of the band plays a character working in the salon, pampering and making up a variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2007, a detachment of six Tornados of the Aufklärungsgeschwader 51 " Immelmann " (51st reconnaissance wing)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
Galland was outspoken, something that was not often tolerated by Göring. Yet, by earning and cultivating the	the	DET	support	NOUN	 support
Two members of the management committee resigned, as they felt that Stockton would be adversely affected by the line	line	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Additionally, she called its chorus " uplifting " and " soaring, " following praise towards Carey's	's	PART	vocal	ADJ	 vocal
One of the sources of inspiration for the soundtrack was " Revolution 9 " by The Beatles, a sound	sound	ADJ	collage	NOUN	 collage
" The film critic Robin Wood wrote that through her child abuse, Asami is taught that love and pain	pain	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
Consequently, Harvey received a job offer to work as a sales supervisor for a glass manufacturer in Sydney,	,	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
" In his review for The Washington Post, Michael Cavna rewatched the pilot episode " Help Wanted " in	in	ADP	2009	NUM	 2009
Patrick Gann was disparaging of the North American version of the CD, however, saying that its shortened tracklist	tracklist	NOUN	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
The most important of these are five machines named the " Thunderbirds ", each assigned to one of the	the	DET	five	NUM	 five
Carlos García, a physician and the head of the family, is the youngest of 35 children his father	father	NOUN	sired	VERB	 sired
It seems like a match made in heaven, but ultimately it ’ s fairly safe. " Matthew Horton	Horton	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The International Court of Justice (ICJ), located in The Hague, in the Netherlands, is the	the	DET	primary	ADJ	 primary
All observed GRBs have originated from outside the Milky Way galaxy, although a related class of phenomena, soft	soft	ADJ	gamma	NOUN	 gamma
He had to abandon after the first week before the race had reached the difficult mountain stages. That December	December	PROPN	he	PRON	 he
" The atmosphere of the establishment is described in precise detail, from the faces of the players to the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The Hartford City Gas & Oil Company was formed in early 1887, and successfully drilled a natural gas well	well	ADV	later	ADV	 later
The series revolves around two brothers. One brother has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not	not	PART	commit	VERB	 commit
Both worked predominately in the north east around their home city, but also painted many of the figures of	of	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
The inactivation of the gene has severe deleterious effects and pedigree data of a captive ruff colony suggests that the	the	DET	inversion	NOUN	 inversion
The drug addiction of Towelie, a living and talking towel, is growing so overwhelming that the South Park	Park	PROPN	children	NOUN	 children
Three miles (4.8 km) east of there, they share a brief concurrency with SH 132. The	The	DET	two	NUM	 two
You will never want to leave your room. The informative lecture will satisfy all your beet curiosity, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Alongside Adamson, Berger's children critiqued his designs, aiding the process: his son thought the werewolf's	's	PART	ears	NOUN	 ears
Refineries for the plantation were constructed in Kissimmee and near Lake Okeechobee. The key to Disston's Florida plans	plans	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In the classical Doppler effect, the frequency of the source is not modified, but the recessional motion causes	causes	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Whig candidate was General Scott, whom Pierce had served under in Mexico; his running mate was Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Madagascar has historically been perceived as being on the margin of mainstream African affairs despite being a founding member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
PA 997 replaced the PA 996 designation between Scotland and Green Village. In addition, the north end of	of	ADP	PA	PROPN	 PA
In the Mediterranean, she worked with other carriers developing multi carrier tactics. While showing the flag at the	the	DET	China	PROPN	 China
Franco writes: " But a well stocked collection of selfies seems to get attention. And attention seems to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
By 1935 it had largely been changed to its current route, except for a small section extending east of	of	ADP	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Some time after the incident, Putin awarded Kadyrov's son, Ramzan, the same title for his work	work	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Through these activities they provide religious instruction (doctrinal formation), coaching in spirituality for lay people (spiritual	spiritual	ADJ	formation	NOUN	 formation
Husks of futuristic cities exist on artificial tectonic plates, which constantly shift to connect different parts of the planet	planet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, the former has a cap covered in hairs or bristles, and differs microscopically; for instance,	,	PUNCT	the	PRON	 the
Super Play too called her " the best MKII character " as she is " fast, with a good	good	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
He was a figure in popular music for over five decades, regarded by critics and musicians as an innovator	innovator	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Crittenden maintained that he supported Clay for the presidency over anyone else, but he had believed that Clay did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
The Cardinals came up to bat in the bottom of the ninth inning with Hoyt trying to hold on to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Seaborg was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1948. From 1954 to 1961 he served as associate	associate	ADJ	director	NOUN	 director
Melodic material is treated loosely in these works, reflecting their harmonic freedom; ornamentation and textural patterns assume a	a	DET	preeminent	ADJ	 preeminent
Young began the 2003 season on the disabled list before joining the Brevard County Manatees of the Florida State League	League	PROPN	towards	ADP	 towards
Widespread evasion proved to be a problem, and the tax only raised £18,600 — far short of the	the	DET	£	SYM	 £
", and when the 18,000 tickets available to non season ticket holders went on sale for the game,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Animation work was also handled by Japan's Toei Doga. At the time of production, the producers called	called	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The statue was unveiled on May 30, 1889, by Frank Degan, the son of Officer Mathias Degan	Degan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She later warns him not to hurt Lauren and Abi any further. Cora and Stan start dating and Stan	Stan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Dead Putting Society " was written by Jeff Martin and directed by Rich Moore. Martin was an experienced	experienced	ADJ	miniature	ADJ	 miniature
There were several replies to Darwin's enquiry in The Gardeners ' Chronicle seeking evidence to support his idea that	that	SCONJ	pollen	NOUN	 pollen
This advanced prototype was canceled during early manufacture. YB 70 Planned preproduction version with improvements based on XB 70s	70s	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In November 1965, the National Command issued a resolution which stated it was forbidden for the Regional Command to	to	PART	transfer	VERB	 transfer
On February 20, 2011, " Angry Dad: The Movie ", an episode in which Bart and	and	CCONJ	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
She had a beam of 26.7 meters (87 ft 7 in) and a draft of 8.15 meters (	(	PUNCT	26	NUM	26
His return to Shakespeare for the first time since his Old Vic days was keenly anticipated, but turned out	out	ADP	to	PART	 to
Holmes ' play was consistent, and he was relaxed and nonchalant in the nets, leading some to describe	describe	VERB	his	PRON	 his
However, Boer resistance to British rule and the resulting Anglo Zulu war caused the imperial government in London to	to	PART	withdraw	VERB	 withdraw
" Indeed, according to the Library of Congress archive, based on data from a study by historian Charles	Charles	PROPN	Musser	PROPN	 Musser
Rio Branco rose to power within the province under the tutelage of Aureliano Coutinho, Viscount of Sepetiba — a	a	DET	veteran	ADJ	 veteran
" Vasconcellos applauded the " intuitive and responsive " touch controls and said that the " visuals are an attractive	attractive	ADJ	update	NOUN	 update
Over 200,000 people were left homeless and an estimated 3,006 fatalities occurred. In the Bahamas, communications were disrupted	disrupted	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Aiello was president of the company, which was called Antonio Lombardo & Co., and Capone was said to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
Positive coverage from magazines Famitsu and Beep! helped to establish a following, but Sega only managed to ship	ship	VERB	400,000	NUM	 400,000
John Sime of the RTS, in a memorial tribute to Reed after his death, notes that the boys	boys	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
We doubt his right to put a single one of them into the hands of a Demon, much less	less	ADJ	to	PART	 to
There exists a popular " Volcano Room ", which contains gymnastics padding, a punching bag, and soft	soft	ADJ	objects	NOUN	 objects
This led to a class action lawsuit in 1996 that settled in 2000 for $1.25 billion. The Agreement	Agreement	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The general form — that of a journey into strange lands, told in a light hearted mood and interspersed	interspersed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
After Alexa and Sebastian leave, another facehugger attaches itself to the unmasked Predator. Through translation of the pyramid	pyramid	NOUN	's	PART	's
An uproar ensued among Manstein's supporters in Britain and in Germany. Liddell Hart lobbied in the British press	press	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Constructed circa 4000 BCE, during Britain's Early Neolithic period, today it survives only in a ruined state	state	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Teammates Claudino Hernández and Emilio Gáez consequently contacted Chico Heron, a scout for the New York Yankees. Two	Two	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
In a letter to Sir John Anderson, asking Parliament for the private Lottery Act to sell off the Shakespeare	Shakespeare	PROPN	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
He failed to report for filming on Marie Galante in June 1934, and was found in his hotel room	room	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
5). During Takemitsu's years as a member of the Jikken Kōbō, he experimented with compositions of	of	ADP	musique	ADJ	 musique
Of the 2,100 vehicles on M 186, only 140 trucks travelled the highway each day on average. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Typical of contemporary court diaries written to honor patrons, Murasaki devotes half to the birth of Shōshi's son	son	NOUN	Emperor	PROPN	 Emperor
His active service ended with his appointment as High Commissioner to India in November 1943. Iven Giffard Mackay was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
The recording was co produced by Phil Spector and features contributions from Leon Russell, Jim Horn, Ringo Starr	Starr	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The FEG's were formed to manage the operations of the separate sections of the RAN in a more efficient	efficient	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
Peribit and Redline were incorporated into a new application products group and their technology was integrated into Juniper's infranet	infranet	NOUN	framework	NOUN	 framework
That's the take of all clear thinking people. ” Near the end of the season, the Pac	Pac	PROPN	10	NUM	 10
On 16 December 1991, the 215th Forward Support Battalion was activated at Fort Hood bringing the number of active	active	ADJ	duty	NOUN	 duty
Different from typical Requiem settings, the full sequence Dies irae is omitted, replaced by its section Pie Jesu	Jesu	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One parody series, drawn by animator Max Gilardi in the style of John Kricfalusi, places the characters in	in	ADP	explicit	ADJ	 explicit
The fossa (Cryptoprocta ferox) could present a potential risk if it found an individual lower in the forest	forest	NOUN	canopy	NOUN	 canopy
In CinemaScore polls, cinema audiences gave Inside Out an average score of " A " on an A +	+	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Abi then gives a statement to the police. Max is later found guilty of the murder. Ben and	and	CCONJ	Abi	PROPN	 Abi
Phelim O'Neill, reviewing the release for The Guardian, described the boxset as " very lendable ", suggesting	suggesting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It extends for 35.23 miles (56.70 km) from an intersection with NY 104 and NY 104A south of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The versions for high end handsets were completed in April 2007, with final versions for low end handsets completed	completed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Wegman admits that he sabotaged the UFO, but maintains that he only tried to merely disable the stealth module	module	NOUN	so	SCONJ	 so
In a letter to the South African Prime Minister Jan Smuts, the Company Administrator Sir Francis Drummond Chaplin cited	cited	VERB	anti	ADJ	 anti
" The Chicago Tribune's Michael Wilmington thought the film grabs the attention, but felt it does not reward	reward	VERB	it	PRON	 it
About 1.3 km (0.81 mi) northwest of Flat Holm are two very small islands collectively known as The	The	DET	Wolves	PROPN	 Wolves
But the feared attacks on Europeans did not materialize and so the East Asia Squadron was not needed. By	By	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
The creek then turns south for several tenths of a mile, briefly entering Hollenback Township before turning north and	and	CCONJ	flowing	VERB	 flowing
The East End Historic District, located on both sides of Broadway and Market Streets, contains 463 buildings.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
Sporadic incidents of stone pelting at municipal and private buses were reported in the reat of Maharashtra following the arrest	arrest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" It was a controversial move, one that divided opinion among analysts and fans, also bringing the fourth	fourth	ADJ	tier	NOUN	 tier
The same day, defensive coordinator Mel Tucker, DeCamillis, tight ends coach Andy Bischoff, linebackers coach Reggie	Reggie	PROPN	Herring	PROPN	 Herring
In 1989, Grinsell published an autobiography; reviewing it for the Folklore journal, the historian Hilda Ellis Davidson	Davidson	PROPN	praised	VERB	 praised
" After Iro is chased away, Ulisse enters disguised as a beggar, and assures Eumete that his master	master	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Important agricultural products include potatoes and cattle byproducts, including meat. In 1994, Belarus's main exports included	included	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
George Kastrioti Skanderbeg was the ruler of Albania (Latin: dominus Albaniae) who had been leading a rebellion	rebellion	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
There are three other active telescopes located at the observatory; the Mark II, as well as 42 ft	ft	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" In the United Kingdom, Time Out magazine wrote, " Zodiac isn't a puzzle film in quite	quite	DET	that	DET	 that
MAX Stations (west to east) are the Hatfield Government Center, Hillsboro Central TC, Tuality Hospital,	,	PUNCT	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
[A] Centrum Sztuki i Techniki Japońskiej “ Manggha ” (Kraków), November – December 2002.	.	PUNCT	“	PUNCT	 “
1. According to his manager Johnny Marines, the contract was worth US $10,000,000. Santos felt that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the summer of 1328 Hungarian and Bohemian troops invaded Austria and routed the Austrian army on the banks of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He confronts Hawke with the blue eyed soul style " It's Time "; the song refers to the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
Before the show, Madonna expressed concern about the physical and time constraints of the event. " I have	have	VERB	eight	NUM	 eight
Known in the vernacular as the scaley stalked puffball, sandy stiltball, or desert stalked puffball, it has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
" The AMA code of ethics declared it unethical for a medical physician to voluntarily associate with an osteopath.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Ezra Meeker was in San Francisco, peddling his wares, when his wife died — it took three days	days	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The inn was first licensed in 1844 and was at first successful. In only a few decades its fortunes	fortunes	NOUN	declined	VERB	 declined
From his London years, Forster was in contact with Sir Joseph Banks, the initiator of the Bounty expedition	expedition	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Malvern Hills AONB also provides grants via such mechanisms as the Sustainable Development Fund. The MSA was originally	originally	ADV	founded	VERB	 founded
It is Clarkson's fifth country chart entry, and Gill's biggest country hit since " The Reason Why	Why	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
While Weezer was on tour in Europe later that month, Sharp returned to America because of a family emergency	emergency	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Melinda Newman of HitFix wrote, " It's a finger popping, bell ringing pleaser that could achieve that	that	DET	rare	ADJ	 rare
He became the seventh rookie to start a game for the 2007 New York Yankees, following Hughes, DeSalvo	DeSalvo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Szabó is the most internationally famous Hungarian filmmaker since the late 1960s. Working in the tradition of European auteurism	auteurism	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It resembles the game Amoeba, with its constantly changing board. A collection of essays about his writings is	is	AUX	compiled	VERB	 compiled
After the airport, the highway runs inland from the shoreline through the neighborhood of Tumon. It runs northeasterly	northeasterly	ADV	around	ADP	 around
Whether houses were structurally sound or not, it was deemed safer to occupy these dugouts. People did their	their	PRON	best	ADJ	 best
It is a systematic collection of data based on observation of the patient's behavior while the patient is in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two weekday midday trips were added in May 2013, while weekend service began on June 1, 2013,	,	PUNCT	after	SCONJ	 after
These findings strengthened Flood's suspicions that human wrongdoing rather than natural disaster lay behind the mystery. On January	January	PROPN	22	NUM	 22
The Sarakraf Pavilion houses a workshop which demonstrates a wide range of craft making skills. Well known handicrafts in	in	ADP	Sarawak	PROPN	 Sarawak
It denounced the systematic hostility of the regime toward the church. In response, Goebbels renewed the regime's	's	PART	crackdown	NOUN	 crackdown
" When Bevin told the media he would have an announcement at his campaign headquarters on April 28, speculation	speculation	NOUN	raged	VERB	 raged
The ship had two sets of Brown Curtis direct drive steam turbines, each of which drove two propeller shafts	shafts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
GameSpot found the characters, up to their dialogue and traits, amusing and full of humor. IGN also	also	ADV	noted	VERB	 noted
The inevitable commercial crisis struck in 1826 – 27, after the Panic of 1825. Tea prices plummeted and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
General Officer Commanding British Forces in Palestine and Trans Jordan Robert Haining wrote in late 1938 that " unnecessary violence	violence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ship's doctor and nurse attended to the sailor but were unable to save him. President Arthur sailed	sailed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Percy and Annabeth then manage to escape Circe's island by stealing Blackbeard's ship, the Queen Anne's	's	PART	Revenge	PROPN	 Revenge
He said he wanted to " capture the feeling of the Batman: Arkham Asylum game... When I played	played	VERB	that	DET	 that
… More challenging is the work of the textual analysis and narrative rehabilitation that discerns and redirects hidden lessons and	and	CCONJ	moral	ADJ	 moral
Thanjavur comes under the Thanjavur State Assembly Constituency and it elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once	once	SCONJ	every	DET	 every
Super Monkey Ball was commercially successful upon release and remained one of Sega's best selling titles in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
" Foster ended his review by insulting Wright's intellect, " What really needs some psychological excavation is Ronald	Ronald	PROPN	Wright	PROPN	 Wright
The churchwarden and village constable patrolled the village and anyone disregarding the sanctity of the sabbath would be bound in	in	ADP	them	PRON	 them
It was alleged that Foster was upset with Hilson playing the love interest in the video, and, according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It was successfully opposed by MP John Dunning, who called the appeal of murder " that great pillar of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2009, ADOT calculated that around 4,500 vehicles used the road daily near the SR 84 intersection and about	about	ADV	33,000	NUM	 33,000
Robert Heaton Rhodes offered a requisition to Brittan to make himself available for the by election that would result from	from	ADP	FitzGerald	PROPN	 FitzGerald
The chemistry of lithium shows several differences from that of the rest of the group as the small Li +	+	CCONJ	cation	NOUN	 cation
This cannon was of relatively long barrel and light construction, and fired solid round shot projectiles at long ranges	ranges	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
In the meantime, his wife had moved to Somerset. In 1940, she gave birth to a son	son	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These helicopters improved capabilities over Laos and North Vietnam, since they were faster, could hover at altitudes up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
The unification of light and electrical phenomena led to the prediction of the existence of radio waves. Maxwell helped	helped	VERB	develop	VERB	 develop
As the text came from several different traditions, different parts of the codex are not of equal textual value	value	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While playing for the Rimouski Océanic of the QMJHL, Crosby attended and graduated in 2005 from Harrison Trimble High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
The main spillway, part of the eastern end of the dam, is a 861 ft (262 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Distinct tourmarchai are attested for Sicily proper and Calabria. The Theme of Cephallenia (θέμα Κεφαλληνίας, thema Kephallēnias	Kephallēnias	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Only four faculty including Tamesis and silviculture professor Teodoro C. Delizo, along with five students returned upon the resumption	resumption	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In his doctoral thesis, Ehlers pointed out a duality symmetry between different components of the metric of a stationary	stationary	ADJ	vacuum	NOUN	 vacuum
Other episodes which he said supported this view included " The Cage " and " What Are Little Girls Made	Made	VERB	Of	ADP	 Of
Di Luca's aggressive descent of Prà Martino gave him a gap over the elite group of riders who had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The steep sided, symmetrical stratovolcanoes in the region were built by repeated eruptions of thick, slow moving lava	lava	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Through his mother, Pedro was a nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte and first cousin of Emperors Napoleon II of France	France	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The two female protagonists in " Never Marry a Mexican " and " Eyes of Zapata " use their bodies	bodies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
I continued to refuse, but after the ex emperor had sent two more letters insisting on my presence,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Anne's resentment grew worse when William refused to allow Prince George to serve in the military in an active	active	ADJ	capacity	NOUN	 capacity
Nature has reclaimed the right of way; the fan house, unused since the 1940s and severely damaged by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game takes place on the planet Cybertron, prior to the Transformers arrival on Earth. The Autobots and	and	CCONJ	Decepticons	NOUN	 Decepticons
Though first attempted in the 1920s, it was not until the advent of computer simulation in the 1950s that	that	SCONJ	numerical	ADJ	 numerical
Players can also trade in game items with others through the Nintendo DS's tag mode feature, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Sundström designed the soundscape to come as close to the actors as possible, with audible heartbeats, breathing,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Brittany's relationship with Artie continues to develop; in " Never Been Kissed ", he gets her to	to	PART	go	VERB	 go
It is the only song on x that refers to that particular relationship, while the rest was about "	"	PUNCT	moving	VERB	 moving
In 1999, when Taylor became eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame, there were some concerns that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
John DiMaggio, who later go on to voice Leadfoot in Dark of the Moon, voices Sideways and Maj	Maj	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
Pelinka was formerly Kevin Durant's agent and has been involved in controversy as Carlos Boozer's agent. Pelinka	Pelinka	PROPN	played	VERB	 played
Churchill, who had previously been a lover of Charles II ’ s mistress, Barbara Palmer, Duchess of	of	ADP	Cleveland	PROPN	 Cleveland
After trimming 15 minutes, it was released in theaters at 132 minutes. It was first released on VHS	VHS	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also praised the prison experiment subplot, writing that it " introduced a who's who of recognizable guest	guest	NOUN	stars	NOUN	 stars
Anarky became a recurring character in issues of Red Robin, authored by Nicieza, until the series was cancelled	cancelled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
From 1994 to 1995, Rod Davis and John Lowe recorded an album with studio musicians. This album,	,	PUNCT	Open	PROPN	 Open
" A 2010 GameSpot poll ranked Kerrigan as the number one video game villain. At the 2010 Spike Video	Video	PROPN	Game	PROPN	 Game
" Hugh McIntyre from Forbes commended Madonna's decision to partner with Snapchat for the video release, because he	he	PRON	considered	VERB	 considered
322 323, Swenson translation Kierkegaard has this seducer speak again in Stages on Life's Way where he explores	explores	VERB	some	PRON	 some
In June 1961 Field and his wife then established the first Folkestone International Folklore Festival as a biannual celebration of	of	ADP	folk	NOUN	 folk
Unlike Israeli aircraft, the new aircraft were equipped with TISEO targeting equipment, allowing them to launch the AGM	AGM	PROPN	65	NUM	 65
Here they are stopped by police, who fail to recognize the General. They ask for his passport,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Ho had done this to eliminate other nationalist rivals. The VNQDD would later be on the receiving end of	of	ADP	another	PRON	 another
After violating Batman's code against extreme violence, she was stripped of the mantle and returned to her alias	alias	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
(Stuck behind Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines for the entire duration.) This peak allowed " We Ca	Ca	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Both warships were under way and en route to attack the Japanese amphibious force that had invaded Malaya when they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The corporation's director John Reith stated that " if the public wants to listen to Formby singing his disgusting	disgusting	ADJ	little	ADJ	 little
Flynn's Arcade was re opened at that location, with several Space Paranoids arcade machines and a variety of	of	ADP	'	NOUN	 '
It was noted that only an announcement had been made by press communiqué, but the government had not proceeded	proceeded	VERB	to	PART	 to
The club's least successful coach was Søren Lerby, who won less than a third of his matches in	in	ADP	charge	NOUN	 charge
List believed that human beings had an immortal soul, and that it would be reincarnated according to the laws	laws	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
30 second TV spots were aired in national syndication, cable and local avails for four weeks before the show	show	NOUN	's	PART	's
He returned to the Lancaster on 5 June to drop " Window " as a part of the Allies '	'	PART	diversions	NOUN	 diversions
Nonetheless, the decision afforded Croatia much needed time to prepare for war, as Yugoslav Navy Fleet Admiral Branko	Branko	PROPN	Mamula	PROPN	 Mamula
" There weren't many bands where the two guitars played rhythm and melody back and forth, like a	a	DET	jigsaw	NOUN	 jigsaw
In June 1942, Mutsu and Nagato were assigned to the Main Body of the 1st Fleet during the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
During the era of the Middle Kingdom, Egyptians based their calendar on the heliacal rising of Sirius, namely	namely	ADV	the	DET	 the
Oryzomys couesi is active during the night and builds nests of vegetation that are suspended among reeds about 1 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The 12th Cavalry was ordered to follow the 2nd Squadron, 7th Cavalry in its advance to the north,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He stated that the character of Rose helped secure the return of the show by allowing " an audience who	who	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Irwin urged people to take part in considerate tourism and not support illegal poaching through the purchase of items such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
" The episode's title was borrowed by a 2004 independent film about a man who tries to escape an	an	DET	office	NOUN	 office
While two orchestras played onstage, the liberated townspeople toasted the Americans, and Chappuis danced with the Ugolinis '	'	PART	daughters	NOUN	 daughters
On October 24, 2010, Aguilera was invited to the Justin Timberlake & Friends benefit show at Las Vegas	Vegas	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In February 1954 the United States Attorney for the District of Maine filed a 27 page complaint seeking a permanent	permanent	ADJ	injunction	NOUN	 injunction
Dutt then defeated Lethal in a bout at Victory Road. Lethal won a rematch in a Black Tie Brawl	Brawl	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In his first full MLB season, Gilligan played for the Cleveland Blues. After his first game with the	the	DET	Blues	PROPN	 Blues
Whithouse was asked to set it " anywhere in the world " that was romantic, and he chose Venice	Venice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The third season spent much of its time alternating between the prime and parallel universes, and " Entrada "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
No changes were made to the wings other than the elimination of the air intakes for the oil cooler and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Cooper's only film appearance in 1942 was also his last under his Goldwyn contract. In Sam Wood's	's	PART	biographical	ADJ	 biographical
The Cross in the Mountains, today known as the Tetschen Altar (Galerie Neue Meister, Dresden),	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
This also showed in the subject matter on the album, in songs such as " Got to Give It	It	PRON	Up	ADP	 Up
Typhoon Paka continued to steadily intensify after passing the Marianas Islands, and late on December 17 it reached its	its	PRON	peak	NOUN	 peak
Wheat was common all over Europe and was considered to be the most nutritious of all grains, but was	was	AUX	more	ADV	 more
The request, submitted on 8 September, was turned down by the plan authors. That day, Owen	Owen	PROPN	requested	VERB	 requested
Following his arrest, the tribal court of the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe charged Lara with assaulting the arresting officers	officers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
DGM publishes on line diaries by Robert Fripp, David Singleton and The Vicar. A moderated forum allows fans	fans	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" Something Old, Something New " was produced by Adam Divello, Liz Gateley, Kristofer Lindquist, Sara	Sara	PROPN	Mast	PROPN	 Mast
Other prominent peaks above 600 m (2,000 ft) include Mount Rosebery, Catlins Cone, Mount Tautuku,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Most articular surfaces of the arm bones were deeply furrowed, indicating that the animal had thick pads of cartilage	cartilage	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
They were able to stabilise the German position there but left Rome poorly guarded. Kesselring felt that he had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Throughout this navigation stretches of natural riverbed alternate with 11 miles (18 km) of artificial lock cuts and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
A third hat trick, scored against city rivals Espanyol on 7 December, allowed him to surpass César Rodríguez	Rodríguez	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The politician never visits Marcas, who soon dies. The students are the only mourners at his funeral,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The main summit, Pico Laco, has an altitude of 5,325 metres (17,470 ft), although a	a	DET	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
Other actors garnering roles in the main cast include Steven Yeun, Chandler Riggs, and Jeffrey DeMunn. "	"	PUNCT	Days	NOUN	 Days
" The only thing that tells you that you're moving is that occasionally when you're flying over the	the	DET	subsonic	ADJ	 subsonic
The book outsold popular television chefs Jamie Oliver and Nigella Lawson when sale figures reached a total of 670,000 copies	copies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These 25 millimeter (0.98 in) guns had an effective range of 1,500 – 3,000 meters (1,600 –	–	PUNCT	3,300	NUM	 3,300
No mechanical linkages were used, the stick instead controlled the flow of high pressure air around the craft,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The British appointed Governor, Sir Humphrey Gibbs, remained at his post in Salisbury, but was now ignored	ignored	VERB	by	ADP	 by
) The new regime therefore seemed well grounded in the new doctrine of popular sovereignty. Giddy with their success	success	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Upon release, Mass Effect 2 received universal critical acclaim from video game publications. At the review aggregate websites	websites	NOUN	GameRankings	PROPN	 GameRankings
The perpetrators included a company of Waffen SS attached to Einsatzgruppe C under Rasch, members of Sonderkommando 4a under	under	ADP	SS	PROPN	 SS
In a report on the outcry in Akron, The Youngstown Daily Vindicator warned that, " if the Youngstown	Youngstown	PROPN	backers	NOUN	 backers
In 1965, the FBI initiated an investigation of his group and may have provided sensationalized rumors to the press	press	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This tick has been implicated in the transmission of Bahig virus, a pathogenic arbovirus previously thought to be transmitted	transmitted	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Their vocal R & B harmonies impressed American entertainer Michael Jackson, who signed the group to his record label	label	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Inside the Indiana 10 yard line, Tech was stopped for losses on consecutive plays before DeShazo connected on a	a	DET	14	NUM	 14
" Osborne also said that the EU is facing growing competition with global economic powers like China, India and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
While the casinos satisfied his aim of generating state revenues of up to 700 million riels in that year,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Vosmaer gave it the French name " le paresseux pentadactyle du Bengale " (" the five fingered sloth of	of	ADP	Bengal	PROPN	 Bengal
An additional son, Ecgfrith, is mentioned in a charter of Eadbald's, but the charter is a	a	DET	forgery	NOUN	 forgery
The first enemy Fiona encounters is Debilitas, a large, mentally disabled groundskeeper who thinks of Fiona as one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Steam power was gradually introduced to the navy in the first half of the 19th century, initially for small	small	ADJ	craft	NOUN	 craft
This would be billed as the second in the series following the successful Love And Law film. The two	two	NUM	later	ADJ	 later
However, Cobain was upset by the label's lack of promotion and distribution for the album. In late	late	ADJ	1989	NUM	 1989
Despite expressing his interest to join films after school, his father forced him to go through education with Vikram	Vikram	PROPN	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
Malick told them that they had upset the studio for refusing to give up above the title production credit to	to	ADP	Stevens	PROPN	 Stevens
When the Indians get behind and Lemon is pitching, he rarely is yanked for a pinch hitter in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
The tendency among many captured guerrillas to collaborate with the Israeli authorities, providing information that led to the destruction	destruction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, while defence of British naval bases was a RAF commitment, provision had not been made for this	this	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
What is now DE 7 was built as a state highway during the 1920s and 1930s. By 1936,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It is Austin Grossman's first novel. He was better known as a video game designer but was studying	studying	VERB	literature	NOUN	 literature
The CFL commissioned a replica of the trophy in 2008. The Grey Cup has been stolen on two occasions	occasions	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
On his father's side, the immigrant ancestor was John Pound, a Quaker who arrived from England around	around	ADP	1650	NUM	 1650
After the storm, thousands of soldiers in the People's Liberation Army placed sandbags and maintained dykes along Dongting	Dongting	PROPN	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
Genomics can also be considered a subfield of bioinformatics, which uses computational approaches to analyze large sets of biological	biological	ADJ	data	NOUN	 data
Concerns that the film would fail limited its initial bookings to less than half those a film of its magnitude	magnitude	NOUN	normally	ADV	 normally
Hardware requirements are at least those of the kernel and the GNU toolsets. Debian supports uniprocessor and symmetric multiprocessor	multiprocessor	NOUN	systems	NOUN	 systems
After completing the translation, Smith gave the brown stone to Cowdery, but continued to receive revelations using another	another	DET	stone	NOUN	 stone
Hawkins scored 2 goals in the game to help Geelong defeat St Kilda by 12 points and capture the 2009	2009	NUM	AFL	PROPN	 AFL
William of Poitiers states that the bodies of Gyrth and Leofwine were found near Harold's, implying that they	they	PRON	died	VERB	 died
The area is also known to have housed all of the animals hunted by Bertilak (deer, boar,	,	PUNCT	fox	PROPN	 fox
After a spell serving as playing fields for locals, Moston Brook High School was opened on the site.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
You have to find something to fix you. To give you what you need. To make you whole	whole	ADJ	again	ADV	 again
Howard was ejected for pushing JaVale McGee, who was attempting to break up a dispute between Zydrunas Ilgauskas and	and	CCONJ	John	PROPN	 John
Initial expectations were high for the 2004 – 05 season, but the club once again finished in a mid	mid	ADJ	table	NOUN	 table
It is known, for example, that Los Macheteros deliberately chose September 12 for their White Eagle assault on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
One, Mohamed Atta, deliberately crashed it into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
It was originally published in Copenhagen by Det Schubotheske Forlag as part of a collection of four stories entitled Stille	Stille	PROPN	Eksistenser	PROPN	 Eksistenser
Techie.com called it the " world's most powerful desktop sized supercomputer ", describing it as a computer with	with	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Other villains included Parasite and Silver Banshee. Poirier's script impressed Warner Bros., but Kevin Smith was hired	hired	VERB	to	PART	 to
The episode ended up being 17 minutes longer than usual, so much of it had to be cut.	.	PUNCT	Steven	PROPN	 Steven
" Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly called the song a " companion piece " to Pink's " Raise Your	Your	PRON	Glass	PROPN	 Glass
The gameplay shares many similarities with Secret of Mana, such as real time battles, a ring shaped menu	menu	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Featuring a futuristic concept, the video begins with a small clip from Timbaland and Hilson's " The Way	Way	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
P. m. simpsoni is distinguished by a facial stripe with white ventral parts; the rump is redder than the	the	DET	flanks	NOUN	 flanks
An alternate take of the song was used as a B side for his " Mixed Up Confusion " single	single	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
He concluded that there must be a vacuum between the Earth and the Moon. Back in the 15th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is a Hot Jupiter that orbits a subgiant star that is more massive, larger, and more diffuse	diffuse	NOUN	than	SCONJ	 than
As Smith walks into the sunset, a version of The Cure's " Let's Go to Bed "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
It also serves as a light rail station for the Ullevål Hageby Line of the Oslo Tramway. It is	is	AUX	located	VERB	 located
Performances for St Helens gained Trautmann a reputation as an able goalkeeper, resulting in interest from Football League clubs	clubs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
McCoy uses the cure on himself but it backfires, giving him blue fur and leonine aspects. With McCoy	McCoy	PROPN	piloting	NOUN	 piloting
Adam details that the people of Uppsala had appointed priests to each of the gods, and that the priests	priests	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
It was during this period that Webster Avenue developed as " fraternity row ". The new residences were built	built	VERB	without	ADP	 without
' The Set Up ', ' Shootouts ' and ' Affirmative Action ' [...] are chilling in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Several players from each team participated in postseason all star games and a handful were selected to play in the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Along with Brazil, Russia, India and South Africa, China is a member of the BRICS group of	of	ADP	emerging	VERB	 emerging
" Q magazine placed " Black Coffee " in their list of 1010 Songs You Must Own. In 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During the four game December 1987 Elgin tournament, in which he was named MVP, Pelinka made all 41	41	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Basements and the police station were also inundated. Elsewhere in the county, some homes and businesses were flooded	flooded	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Kodo is one of the most recognized taiko groups both in Japan and worldwide. Estimates of the number of	of	ADP	taiko	ADJ	 taiko
These columns were eventually bound and sold as the Mount Vernon Papers. Everett was disheartened by the sectional divisions	divisions	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
NuScale is currently planning the first NuScale power plant in Idaho. NuScale's SMR designs are for 9 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Church of the Holy Apostles, or Apostoleion, probably planned by Constantine but built by his successor Constantius	Constantius	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The game also includes a " Crime Recreation Mode " that models evidence or the crime scene in a 3	3	NUM	D	NOUN	 D
The Gaelic language, spoken fluently by James IV and probably by James V, became known in the time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There was an earthquake the night of his arrest, which Eudoxia took for a sign of God's anger	anger	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Endemic fish of Madagascar include two families, 15 genera and over 100 species, primarily inhabiting the island's	's	PART	freshwater	NOUN	 freshwater
The Latin name indicates that it " belonged to " (given by the suffix -anus) Derby, hence	hence	ADV	derbianus	NOUN	 derbianus
Other versions have Orton and Roger as companions in crime in Australia, with Orton killing Roger and assuming his	his	PRON	identity	NOUN	 identity
Cross ranked 55th. He did not advance to later rounds. Martyn Forde also swam on Barbados ' behalf	behalf	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Rivera signed a one year, $10 million contract in the offseason to remain with the team. After	After	ADP	successfully	ADV	 successfully
The ball looped up in the air and travelled half way to the square leg boundary, but Hassett managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
He finished the season with 20 goals, only the third player in NHL history after Brian Leetch and Barry	Barry	PROPN	Beck	PROPN	 Beck
A party of about 40 provincial militia were sent to Haverhill in response to these reports. Elements of the	the	DET	expedition	NOUN	 expedition
He was supported by the PJ, Carlos Álvarez, and the financial groups, but he was rejected by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The main elements of the Japanese counterattack had penetrated the forward and thinly stretched Australian lines throughout the previous night	night	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Colvin's view was that the failure to construct the college according to this " impressive " design led to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
However, there are non human life forms such as evolutions of Earth species (e.g. the Cat race)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His first work as the primary producer on an album came for a Harvey Brooks solo record. He dropped	dropped	VERB	out	ADP	 out
In April, the team and the station agreed to a six year contract extension. Mike Lange, former	former	ADJ	Penguin	PROPN	 Penguin
Tracks such as " Tattered & Torn ", " Killers Are Quiet " and " Gently " also include	include	VERB	the	DET	 the
Unlike the closely related water buffalo, B. mindorensis is a solitary creature. Adults of the species do not	not	PART	occur	VERB	 occur
Thornnastor is the Diagnostician in Charge of Pathology, and it carries ten Educator tapes. Its fascination with gossip	gossip	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some alternative terms for double burden include: double day, second shift, and double duty. The traditional	traditional	ADJ	female	ADJ	 female
She says that Hamilton is understandably angry at the corporate lobbyists who have encouraged climate change denial. Royle suggests	suggests	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Digital synthesizers are also suitable chordal instruments, unlike early analog synthesizers such as the Minimoog, Moog Taurus and	and	CCONJ	ARP	PROPN	 ARP
One of its first jobs was levelling the tennis courts in Whitemore. By 1960 JAH Shaw & Sons had	had	AUX	moved	VERB	 moved
The Jedi Prince series of novels introduces an insane, three eyed mutant named Triclops who is revealed to be	be	AUX	Palpatine	PROPN	 Palpatine
Following the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars in 1803, the British Admiralty had made the security of these routes	routes	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Since Apollo, like Mercury, would require a launch escape system (LES) in case of a launch	launch	NOUN	failure	NOUN	 failure
Along the western side of the county is the border with Vermilion County, Illinois. The small southern border	border	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The decline was steeper among young adult viewers with a decrease of 20% in the 18 – 49 demographic	demographic	NOUN	compared	VERB	 compared
Such Waters warhorses as " Forty Days and Forty Nights ", " I'm Ready ", " Baby	Baby	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At halftime, the Texas Longhorn Band dedicated their performance to the students lost and injured in the collapse,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Tertis soon changed his mind and took the work up. A performance by him at a Three Choirs Festival	Festival	PROPN	concert	NOUN	 concert
The Admiralty noted that the required camouflage would vary depending on the light, the changing colours of sea and	and	CCONJ	sky	NOUN	 sky
It clearly dates its creation as 1953, rather than from 1938. Some tendencies argue that the Fourth International	International	PROPN	became	AUX	 became
Tech began its drive with an incomplete pass, which was followed by a short run. On third down	down	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Writing in The Wall Street Journal, Joe Morgenstern thought the role was portrayed with " great subtlety and rueful	rueful	ADJ	charm	NOUN	 charm
St John's Church (Sankt Hans Kirke), first mentioned in 1295, was built by the Knights	Knights	PROPN	Hospitaller	PROPN	 Hospitaller
(English: Not One Step Back!), along with a recitation of the William Butler Yeats poem	poem	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Erik Gjems Onstad died in November 2011 after short illness at the Bærum Hospital. He left behind his wife	wife	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By 1928, the Hyde Park Herald reported that the covenants prevailed throughout the South Side, and 95%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Imaginos Tour began in the East Coast of the US in July, and continued on to most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hill worked as a labourer and a motorcycle courier to support his further education. Hill is married to Susan	Susan	PROPN	George	PROPN	 George
Ideologically, they were led by the Patriarch of Antioch. In Yemen and Hadramaut, much of the population	population	NOUN	adhered	VERB	 adhered
She made her first WrestleMania appearance in the 25 Diva Miss WrestleMania battle royal on April 5, 2009 at	at	ADP	WrestleMania	PROPN	 WrestleMania
The first spine is always the shortest; the rays become shorter toward the posterior end. There are about	about	ADV	23	NUM	 23
At any given time, only one person in the world is capable of bending all four elements: the	the	DET	Avatar	PROPN	 Avatar
Peterson remained in the position for 19 years until he announced his resignation from the team in 2008. Denny	Denny	PROPN	Thum	PROPN	 Thum
1567 – 23 December 1605), eldest son of Sir Thomas Tresham and Merial Throckmorton, was a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At Jones ' hotel room, Nemo is murdered while taking a bath, and his body is dumped in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
His best showings were in Tennessee, where he received 1,326 votes out of over 2 million votes cast,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Electromagnetic separation for uranium enrichment was abandoned in the post war period in favor of the more complicated, but	but	CCONJ	more	ADV	 more
Cambridge's Cree and cox T. H. Hunter were the only non British participants registered, both of whom hailed	hailed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The airport was served by Widerøe using de Havilland Canada DHC 6 Twin Otters. The airline operated two trips	trips	NOUN	Bodø	PROPN	 Bodø
The mining area comprised the watersheds of Basin and Cataract Creek and part of the Boulder River. Contaminants included	included	VERB	arsenic	ADJ	 arsenic
Additionally, 0.5% of Virginians are American Indian or Alaska Native, and 0.1% are Native Hawaiian or	or	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
The construction delays and cost overruns were attributed to poor planning, many design changes, and cronyism. Many	Many	ADJ	critics	NOUN	 critics
Views of the changes have differed. On 21 October 1864, Building News reported that the restoration was nearing	nearing	VERB	completion	NOUN	 completion
After performing tests on the sample, Murphy stated that it contained over $200 of silver per ton.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
The referee who saw the action saw merely a " scuffle " between Kunnert and Abdul Jabbar followed by the	the	DET	one	NOUN	 one
Calcraft was ordered to pay 3 shillings a week towards her upkeep, to which he objected, arguing that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
At the time, Danielle was a compact system, with tropical storm force winds spanning only 115 miles (	(	PUNCT	185	NUM	185
It usually forages alone at night, but may sleep in groups during the day, the composition of which	which	PRON	depends	VERB	 depends
This situation was complicated because of Bret co winning the Royal Rumble. Jack Tunney decided that both Bret Hart	Hart	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Themal concludes that this is the position Biden desires, and that in a campaign " he plans to	to	PART	stress	VERB	 stress
As a result of this victory, de Grasse blocked any escape by sea for Cornwallis. By late September	September	PROPN	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
When the eggs hatch, young snails must enter the water quickly or face death. When water levels are	are	AUX	too	ADV	 too
PLATO was a mainframe system that supported multiple users and allowed them to play simultaneously, a feature not commonly	commonly	ADV	available	ADJ	 available
Henry III had nine children: Edward (1239 – 1307) Margaret of England (1240 – 1275)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
GOI has direct and indirect interests in a number of businesses that use the Gulf brand under license. The	The	DET	Canadian	ADJ	 Canadian
If the kvitel is delivered by mail or messenger, the Rebbe's attendant reads it to the Rebbe.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
" Several critics commented that it was her finest performance to date, and Moore was awarded with the Oscar	Oscar	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The highway is the main east – west street as it crosses through Three Oaks in southern Berrien County.	.	PUNCT	East	PROPN	 East
The 2004 – 05 NHL lockout resulted in a cancelled 2004 – 05 season. Unlike many other players,	,	PUNCT	Miller	PROPN	 Miller
Carkett returned her to the West Indies in October that year, returning in May 1773 to Britain after four	four	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Ruth Sanderson and Paul Frame provided cover art and interior illustrations for the first Nancy Drew paperbacks, published under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
The finish is still in Roubaix. The race is organised by the media group Amaury Sport Organisation annually in	in	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
On July 25, 1967, Forrestal reached Yankee Station in the Gulf of Tonkin and joined Operation Rolling Thunder	Thunder	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Federal employees were granted excused absences if they helped with law enforcement and the cleanup. Thousands of portable generators	generators	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
After a bomb threat was made against Judge Appleby, Sheriff Joseph DeMarino lied to the press about the exact	exact	ADJ	date	NOUN	 date
" McGuinness later said the band had nearly wrecked themselves in the process. The group simultaneously used three separate	separate	ADJ	rooms	NOUN	 rooms
After this, the battalion underwent training in Glen Innes, before camping in Yandina, Queensland. On 5	5	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
The Lions were pushing for promotion to the First Division toward the end of the decade, but one week	week	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
" Editor Paul Hirsch explained that Hughes had a trance like concentration to his script writing process, working for	for	ADP	hours	NOUN	 hours
As part of his emirate, he was granted Salamiyah and Sarmin. He participated in numerous campaigns against the	the	DET	Ilkhanate	PROPN	 Ilkhanate
As well as contributing to Italy's World Cup winning sides, two Juventus players Alfredo Foni and Pietro Rava	Rava	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When the experiment was conducted, four beamlets were found, from which they deduced a nuclear spin of 3	3	NUM	⁄	NUM	 ⁄
At Svangstrand, located 65.0 meters (213.3 ft) AMSL there was connection with a steam ship. The	The	DET	only	ADJ	 only
A clot in a blood vessel draining the cavernous sinus (cavernous sinus thrombosis) affects the oculomotor (III	III	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Greene wants to open his own restaurant, and asks Shondor Birns to help him. Birns arranges a $	$	SYM	70,000	NUM	70,000
The music video for the song was directed by Antti J. Jokinen and was filmed " like a movie "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
A large outline of the bell hangs over the right field bleachers at Citizens Bank Park, home of the	the	DET	Philadelphia	PROPN	 Philadelphia
He concedes to Panofsky's view, observing a " thoughtfulness on the high, wrinkled forehead, visionary force	force	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
MITS released its own 4 K Static RAM board in January 1976. The only floppy disk drives that were	were	AUX	readily	ADV	 readily
" It was stated: " Kyla is compassionate, feisty, gives others the benefit of the doubt,	,	PUNCT	strong	ADJ	 strong
" Reviewing the fifth episode of the series The Independent's Neela Debnath said of Pullman that " thus far	far	ADV	he	PRON	 he
Forcella praised the Jim – Dwight dynamic in the episode and wrote, " Jim and Dwight, and especially	especially	ADV	the	DET	 the
" In addition to acting, Aaliyah served as an executive producer of the film's soundtrack, where she	she	PRON	contributed	VERB	 contributed
In 1910, the owner of the Point, Augustus Cholmondeley Gough Calthorpe, 6th Baron Calthorpe, leased the	the	DET	land	NOUN	 land
In 1855, Adolf Fick formulated Fick's laws that enabled the calculation of the rates of molecular diffusion in	in	ADP	biological	ADJ	 biological
Blythe wrote: " The only sound to compete with the unfamiliar noise of the marsh birds... was the	the	DET	ring	NOUN	 ring
Scouting and Boy Scouts are well known throughout American culture. The term " Boy Scout " is used to	to	PART	generally	ADV	 generally
This team, which has the Victoria Someșeni Stadium as its home ground, reached the quarter finals of the	the	DET	Romanian	PROPN	 Romanian
Hoare " attached special significance to what Shah had told him about the Enneagram symbol and said that Shah had	had	AUX	revealed	VERB	 revealed
I don't really know why it's so important now, but I'm excited about it. "	"	PUNCT	Radiohead	NOUN	 Radiohead
The university maintains a number of libraries, some general purpose and some dedicated to specific topics such as architecture	architecture	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The team's goal then was, in the words of Todd Howard, to " create the quintessential	quintessential	ADJ	RPG	NOUN	 RPG
The entirety of NY 89's former routing from Magee to Halsey Corners was redesignated as NY 318 c. 1963	1963	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
, comprised 314 pages, with 10,000 index entries. 500 copies were produced. Editions 3 – 14,	,	PUNCT	published	VERB	 published
It was here, too, in 1711, that Queen Mary found out that, as part of the	the	DET	embryonic	ADJ	 embryonic
The primary diagnosis for children in hospice treatment is cancer, but, like the adult population, children may	may	AUX	enter	VERB	 enter
" Guevara then denounced the United States policy towards their black population, stating: Those who kill their own	own	ADJ	children	NOUN	 children
He has been signed to WWE, as an ambassador and occasional non wrestling performer, since December 2010.	.	PUNCT	Michaels	NOUN	 Michaels
The compilation was instigated by EMI's US counterpart, Capitol Records, a company with which Harrison had grown	grown	VERB	disaffected	VERB	 disaffected
From this association he turns Orion into a representative of the old mead drinking cultures, overcome by the wine	wine	NOUN	masters	NOUN	 masters
According to a psychologist quoted by the Daily Telegraph, since Bo Xilai assumed power, " depression, burn	burn	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Oxford's coaches were H. R. Barker (who rowed for the Dark Blues in the 1908 and 1909 races	races	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
It is the first segment of the twenty third episode for the entire series. The episode was written by	by	ADP	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Following the war, three visitations reformed the University of Oxford in the Parliamentarians ' preferred style, including purging	purging	VERB	Brasenose	PROPN	 Brasenose
CSG NextGen was introduced for international markets, with support for multiple languages. In March 2014, CSG added	added	VERB	a	DET	 a
The couple had one known son, Romanos. According to the 11th century chronicler George Kedrenos, he was	was	AUX	castrated	VERB	 castrated
During an FA Cup tie away against Swindon Town on 23 November, Friday began to have trouble breathing and	and	CCONJ	despite	SCONJ	 despite
After initially moving to the southeast, the system later turned to the southwest and gradually intensified. Given the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
However, by the early afternoon the flanking Scots had been pushed back while the Australians had failed to make	make	VERB	further	ADJ	 further
Bruce instituted a comprehensive programme of work, involving meteorological readings, trawling for marine samples, botanical excursions,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
I Am... Sasha Fierce and its singles earned Beyoncé seven Grammy Award nominations, including Album of the Year	Year	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The 16 calibre 64 pounder gun weighed 3.2 long tons (3.3 t) and fired a 6.3 inch (	(	PUNCT	160	NUM	160
RPGLand's Hindman lauded the music as " gorgeously crafted ", appreciating the lack of electronic or synthesized songs	songs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The music video for " Hit ' Em Up " was filmed in a warehouse off Slauson Avenue near Fox	Fox	PROPN	Hills	PROPN	 Hills
The Greystone campus is situated in and around the Greystone Cellars building, which William Bowers Bourn II conceived as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The junction with the A13 has been built to enable the North Circular to be continued across the junction to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was partially disarmed in 1931 and converted into an accommodation hulk; by 1939 her propellers had been removed	removed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
— — (1967), " A characterization of maximal ideals ", Journal d'Analyse Mathématique 19: 171	171	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In preparation, she interacted with senior officials of Mumbai's crime branch, and learned the Israeli self defense	defense	NOUN	technique	NOUN	 technique
The town is built on weak sand and clay rock which in most places along the Dorset coast, except	except	SCONJ	for	ADP	 for
As the power of the Choctaws diminished, Favre became less important as an interpreter, and more important as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Instead, to Yankovic's surprise, the song has become a fan favorite. " My Baby's in	in	ADP	Love	PROPN	 Love
Their body weight averages 300 g (11 oz). At around 300 mm (12 in),	,	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
King John expanded the castle in the years before the First Barons ' War of 1215 to 1217, but	but	CCONJ	this	DET	 this
This may be enjoyable for people who like puzzles and long gameplay, but it is aggravating for more action	action	NOUN	oriented	VERB	 oriented
In exotic materials like Bose – Einstein condensates near absolute zero, the effective speed of light may be only	only	ADV	a	DET	 a
Most involved voluntary citizen participation in all phases, including the long term management and care of the sites.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The deck between the towers consists of 19 pre built steel sections, each 36 meters (118 ft)	)	PUNCT	long	ADJ	 long
" I'll be back as soon as possible, " Blancornelas said to the reporters as he entered his	his	PRON	home	NOUN	 home
It portrays Jackson traveling through the city at night to meet her boyfriend, interacting with the various people she	she	PRON	encounters	VERB	 encounters
During his years abroad he converted from Calvinism to Roman Catholicism. During his education, he became active in	in	ADP	university	NOUN	 university
Bouquet had auditioned for the role of Holly Goodhead in Moonraker, but was unsuccessful. Julian Glover as Aristotle	Aristotle	PROPN	Kristatos	PROPN	 Kristatos
This fortification was not part of the " chain of forts " organized by George Washington for the defense of	of	ADP	settlers	NOUN	 settlers
" It filled me with wonder because of its cinematographic writing... if I could have seen it twice in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Fields and Hunter claimed to represent an additional 23 other tribes and promised to provide 400 warriors. In recognition	recognition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The squad leaders started to break up the weapons that the platoon could not take out with them. At	At	ADP	this	DET	 this
The pack was accidentally revealed on February 21, 2011 by the addition of three new achievements in a patch	patch	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The same year they travelled to Italy where they continued their honeymoon in Ravello and Amalfi. The small oil	oil	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
A slightly later edition of Froissart's Chronicles, dated to around 1480, contains a miniature of the event	event	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While working there, she completed a degree in social work and pedagogy. In Frankfurt she met and married	married	VERB	a	DET	 a
Biographers Richard Spence and Tobias Churton have suggested that Crowley joined the Order under the command of the British secret	secret	ADJ	services	NOUN	 services
The northern mockingbird and brown thrasher are among the 160 bird species that live in the state. Reptiles and	and	CCONJ	amphibians	NOUN	 amphibians
He established himself as a keyboard composer, performer, and teacher of piano and organ. The first compositions	compositions	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Because of the variability in growth habit that this coral exhibits, it has been the subject of much confusion	confusion	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
These concerts were so popular that a second series was quickly arranged; Messiah figured in neither series. In	In	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
Although Sec. Delano supported and defined Grant's Indian peace policy and was instrumental in the creation of the	the	DET	San	PROPN	 San
The Chief is found by a UNSC rescue team and is taken back to Infinity, where he, mourning	mourning	VERB	the	DET	 the
Kingda Ka closed at the start of the 2014 season in order construct Zumanjaro: Drop of Doom on to	to	ADP	Kingda	PROPN	 Kingda
It received general praise for its graphics, sound, difficulty, and arcade style gameplay. Criticisms include the	the	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
This conversion had been proposed and planned since the 1990s. The Indiana Department of Transportation pledged $1 million	million	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Education and culture are also key components for the Youth edition. Not only does the education / culture aspect	aspect	NOUN	apply	VERB	 apply
He and Victor Trumper shared a partnership of 298 in 69 minutes, and Monty Noble helped him to score	score	VERB	50	NUM	 50
By 1941 he had described at least 2,000 species, and by 1957 had described a total of 4,225 new	new	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
They invoked their rematch clause against Cade and Murdoch at Vengeance: Night of Champions, but were unsuccessful.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
This is why Tim LaHaye, co author of the best selling series of end times books, could lend	lend	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
Michael later said that " it marked the beginning of an all too brief closeness between us ". Sellers	Sellers	NOUN	admitted	VERB	 admitted
Unlike most diurnal primates, but like all strepsirhine primates, the ring tailed lemur has a tapetum lucidum,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Miramax announced in mid 2004 that a production of The Wall was to appear on Broadway with Waters playing a	a	DET	prominent	ADJ	 prominent
It was not until a post storm assessment that the Bureau of Meteorology found Narelle to have been a weaker	weaker	ADJ	system	NOUN	 system
Providence is located at the head of Narragansett Bay, with the Providence River running into the bay through the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
" Lust is the desire for sexual pleasure alone, outside its intended purpose of procreation and the uniting of	of	ADP	man	NOUN	 man
It has not always released all of its games in all major regions, and continues to selectively release games	games	NOUN	even	ADV	 even
The story of Lara's Shadow opens with the scene from the main game where Amanda rescues Lara from the	the	DET	doppelgänger	NOUN	 doppelgänger
Several works by Josquin fall loosely into this category, including the Missa Fortuna desperata, based on the three	three	NUM	voice	NOUN	 voice
One character explains that " the Court was founded on a union between technological and etheric design. " Another	Another	PRON	describes	VERB	 describes
" According to Down Beat, the frantic burbles of congas on " Moja " and " Tatu " predated	predated	VERB	oldschool	ADJ	 oldschool
His second came against Belarus in the semi final, qualifying Canada for the gold medal game. Playing the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Both are common starting points for climbing Nethermost Pike or other fells in the Helvellyn range. The best ascents	ascents	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The film, although set during the Guadalcanal Campaign in the Pacific Theater during World War II, was not	not	PART	a	DET	 a
Warren was considered to be a man to man defense specialist who needed to develop his zone defense skills.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
While on tour, the band recorded a performance and released it with the name of Killadelphia. The release	release	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Jocelyn Vena from MTV News asserted that the song showed a softer side to Gaga, as opposed to her	her	PRON	previous	ADJ	 previous
By the end of 1998, Comedy Central had sold more than $150 million worth of merchandise for the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Gerald formed in mid April near an upper level low, and recurved just east of Guam bringing the island	island	NOUN	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The difference of opinion regarding political participation also marks the fundamental difference between the Tablighi Jamaat and Islamist movements.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
' ". She added that " [Ferris fits] perfectly into the ' Supernatural ' world because [	[	X	she	PRON	she
In response, members of the Assembly, many of whom would later become Patriot supporters, convened the First	First	PROPN	North	PROPN	 North
However, according to more recent research, it was not performed at all that day, but rather Part	Part	PROPN	IV	PROPN	 IV
Evans and Stephenson subsequently exchanged allegations of sexual impropriety. Police charged Stephenson with the kidnapping, rape and murder	murder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
India's batsmen bounced back in the second innings with a total of 505 with all the top five batsmen	batsmen	NOUN	passing	VERB	 passing
Two drivers in non manufacturer cars, Gardemeister and Kopecký, finished in seventh and eighth place to receive drivers	drivers	NOUN	points	NOUN	 points
In the end, however, he never took up the job in Houston. After staying in New York	York	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
He proposed a bill that would end the practice, common at the time, of executive departments spending beyond	beyond	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The Highland Clearances of the 19th century destroyed communities throughout the Highlands and Islands as the human populations were evicted	evicted	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
She is guarded about her personal life, which is a subject of media scrutiny. Her background has also	also	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Local customs in the past included marriage ceremonies at the Odin Stone that formed part of the Stones of Stenness	Stenness	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A Dance with Dragons reached the top of The New York Times bestseller list on July 31, 2011.	.	PUNCT	Unlike	ADP	 Unlike
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files	Files	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Edict of Milan included several clauses which stated that all confiscated churches would be returned as well as other	other	ADJ	provisions	NOUN	 provisions
Hurricane Arlene originated out of an area of low pressure associated with a decaying frontal system along the North Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	coastline	NOUN	 coastline
Much of the indignation focused on Bushnell as the only statewide official linked with the insurgents. Meetings were held	held	VERB	across	ADP	 across
It passes beneath Wynford Drive and two railways (the CPR Midtown line and the CNR / Richmond Hill GO	GO	PROPN	line	NOUN	 line
The program was created by Liz Gateley and documented the lives of several students attending Laguna Beach High School as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Leno, his mother, stepfather and brother Henry moved north and settled in Liverpool, where they performed in	in	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
Brandenburg and Wörth were put into reserve, joining the Siegfried class ships. Brandenburg's other sisters, Kurfürst	Kurfürst	PROPN	Friedrich	PROPN	 Friedrich
Upon the release of Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel, " Betcha Gon ' Know (The Prologue) "	"	PUNCT	debuted	VERB	 debuted
The first single from the album, " Three Little Birds ", was released in June 2008, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Even critics were not given private screenings but rather had to see the film with the general public, which	which	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
It is typified by a heavy use of aggressive vocals, distorted electric guitars, bass guitar, drums,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Released along with Final Mix, Kingdom Hearts -Another Report- was a hardback book which includes game information, visuals	visuals	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
" Although usually called " Jacobean embroidery " by modern stitchers, crewel has its origins in the reign of	of	ADP	James	PROPN	 James
Following the First Transjordan and the Second Transjordan attacks in March – April and April – May 1918, by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the Gregorian missionaries, a third strand of Christian practice was added to the British Isles, to combine	combine	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The one way pair carries two lanes in each direction. DE 48 continues into downtown Wilmington, where it	it	PRON	crosses	VERB	 crosses
It boasts no ballets and no hot hoofing. It has no chorus in the conventional sense. Every one	one	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A letter to Tazewell at this time called Jackson the " tyrant usurper " and feared a civil war would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Admirals Stepan Makarov and Vladimir Verkhovsky advised against the use of weapons of two different sizes (as this caused	caused	VERB	problems	NOUN	 problems
The book featured large amounts of profanity and, as the title suggests, includes multiple dirty jokes (there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
These were only allowed to be offloaded onto lighters, and not directly to the quayside. Unloading of Fort	Fort	PROPN	Stikine	PROPN	 Stikine
It occurs below the level of injury, possibly as a result of inflammation, and happens to a clinically	clinically	ADV	significant	ADJ	 significant
November 7, 1920 at Dunn Field Coming off their first loss, the Bulldogs faced the Cleveland Tigers in	in	ADP	week	NOUN	 week
In 1929 the Ship Canal Company acquired Dumplington Estates, and in return gave the Estates Company land to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
850 is proposed, suggest a very different dating for ninth century Northumbrian kings. From this, it is	is	AUX	argued	VERB	 argued
Shortly after, the hurricane moved westward into a more favorable environment and began to intensify more quickly, reaching	reaching	VERB	Category	NOUN	 Category
It was not until the voyage of Henry Hudson, an Englishman who worked for the Dutch East India Company	Company	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
, with a score by Frank Loesser. Among the backers of Where's Charley? were Rodgers and Hammerstein	Hammerstein	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When Phil tried to make excuses for what he had done, Toyah did not feel any pity and told	told	VERB	him	PRON	 him
It seems that anyone can become a tutor. [...] Homer's fellow tutors are drunks, incompetents	incompetents	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The game's director, Motomu Toriyama, wanted the game's soundtrack to have more variety than that of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Adults are readily distinguished, since the Daurian has a pied plumage, but immature birds are much more similar	similar	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Sir Eubule Thelwall, principal from 1621 to 1630, built the lodgings at his own expense, to include	include	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
Although the team were defeated in the second leg, Arsenal won 6 – 3 on aggregate. Quarter finals	finals	NOUN	Against	ADP	 Against
Those who believe it is satirical point to the way Lucius is pushed to undergo several initiations, each requiring	requiring	VERB	a	DET	 a
The single reached the German commercial charts. At the band's penultimate concert on 13 November 2004, Ron	Ron	PROPN	Hitler	PROPN	 Hitler
His analysis of bureaucracy emphasised that modern state institutions are increasingly based on rational legal authority. Weber also made	made	VERB	a	DET	 a
Below the Moesgård Museum in the southern parts of the Marselisborg Forests, is a large historical landscape of pastures	pastures	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The inflorescences are cream or yellow, and occur in domed heads 4 to 5 cm (1 1 ⁄	⁄	NUM	2	NUM	 2
Obsidian put much work into the game's graphics, including the appearances of non player characters, and they	they	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Aragorn's outcry when he finds the sapling of the White Tree.) utúvie lye s, " You	You	PRON	have	AUX	 have
After working a short time in a cattle feed mill, Bormann became estate manager of a large farm in	in	ADP	Mecklenburg	PROPN	 Mecklenburg
" He also criticized the rest of the main cast, though he did approve of the guest and supporting	supporting	VERB	cast	NOUN	 cast
This included three appearances in the 2010 – 11 League Two play offs following Stevenage's sixth placed finish.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Muraviev's forces were to attack the Jerozolimskie Gate, while the remaining forces continued with their diversionary attacks of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In France, the National Convention commended Nielly on his victory and the captured ship was repaired and taken into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The tollway authority put the total cost of 17.7 miles (28.5 km) of new pavement at $450	450	NUM	million	NUM	 million
A funnel cloud drops from the sky, taking Din into its dark heights. As the tornado dissipates,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This is a reference to the 1991 thriller film The Silence of the Lambs in which serial killer " Buffalo	Buffalo	PROPN	Bill	PROPN	 Bill
While studying he was involved in the students ' branch of Noregs Mållag. He came also under the influence	influence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Itoi attributed the change in tone to his own growth and the character composition of the new development team.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Some historians are not impressed. " Clearly ", comments Alex Woolf, " King Æthelstan was a man	man	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Principal photography ended in December, but additional filming, primarily in California at Los Angeles and Long Beach,	,	PUNCT	continued	VERB	 continued
Fossil theft is an ongoing problem. No mountain biking is allowed on monument land, although the Malheur National	National	PROPN	Forest	PROPN	 Forest
Phips returned to Boston in May 1689, carrying proclamations from the king and queen, and found Andros and	and	CCONJ	Randolph	PROPN	 Randolph
Vital to the Norwegian effort to try to halt the German advance was assistance from the Allies, which Koht	Koht	PROPN	requested	VERB	 requested
The demand for labour was met by large scale immigration from Ireland, Poland, Lithuania and Wales. The	The	DET	town	NOUN	 town
The Vigilance Committee of Alder Gulch organized in December 1863, and in the first six weeks of 1864 at	at	ADP	least	ADJ	 least
There were a number of abortive schemes to link the Bristol Channel to the English Channel by waterway in the	the	DET	18th	ADJ	 18th
Tired of being both typecast and being passed over for lead Asian character roles in favor of non Asian actresses	actresses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On the April 11 Raw, McGillicutty, Otunga and Ryan returned and cost Orton a number one contender's	's	PART	match	NOUN	 match
Phineas and Ferb set out to convince the members of Love Händel - lead singer Danny, bassist Bobbi Fabulous	Fabulous	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The style varied slightly by architect and location, but typically the cemeteries followed classical influences in buildings and monuments	monuments	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
University of Michigan economist Joel Slemrod argues that states would face significant issues in enforcing the tax. " Even	Even	ADV	at	ADP	 at
Alarmed at the possibility of a Mahdist revival, the British ordered him to return to Omdurman in 1916.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
C SPAN's public service nature has been praised as an enduring contribution to national knowledge. In 1987,	,	PUNCT	Andrew	PROPN	 Andrew
Several screens are located on behind the main stage with two showing close ups of the performers on the sides	sides	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Late that year, Barber's 1882 design was endorsed by Mint authorities, and 25 specimens were sent to	to	ADP	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Pepler also found that from the railway station, the power station and the Cathedral could not be viewed simultaneously	simultaneously	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Berry responded: " I don't really see a reason to ever go that far again. That was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Their annual campaigns reached the walls of Constantinople and the Isthmus of Corinth. All subsequent attempts to confront the	the	DET	Bulgarian	ADJ	 Bulgarian
Garth Lagerwey was hired from Real Salt Lake in January 2015 as the club's general manager and President of	of	ADP	Soccer	PROPN	 Soccer
Zap2it writer Rick Porter said the series, and " Time Capsule " in particular, accurately captures the details	details	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
I would like to at this stage place on record the board's great appreciation of Mr Shankly's magnificent	magnificent	ADJ	achievements	NOUN	 achievements
This resulted in a base height of 16.4 metres (54 ft); a new summit shrine was built	built	VERB	upon	SCONJ	 upon
The church has a 15th century tower (rebuilt in 1804) which originally contained four bells cast in 1724	1724	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Broadened community support of public redevelopment of the High Line for pedestrian use grew, and in 2004, the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The offensive was to be conducted by Leningrad Front's 67th Army and Volkhov Front's 2nd Shock Army commanded	commanded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Grier discussed the novels, answering the question of who among lesbian paperback authors should be highlighted: " Ann	Ann	PROPN	Bannon	PROPN	 Bannon
One specific dialogue scene featuring Mulder and Scully stranded on a small rock was praised by critics and included approximately	approximately	ADV	10	NUM	 10
Tokiwa was reassigned to the Training Squadron on 10 August 1918 and returned home to prepare for her next training	training	NOUN	cruise	NOUN	 cruise
Midway between the two locations in Seward, NY 10 intersects NY 165, a connector leading to Cooperstown via	via	ADP	NY	PROPN	 NY
His abilities and powers begin and end with masticating, defecating, and regular napping. You know, just	just	ADV	like	ADP	 like
" One of the last controversies of the writer scorer era was seen in a 1978 game at St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The first release was the Gladys Knight & the Pips version on September 28, 1967 on Motown's Soul	Soul	PROPN	label	NOUN	 label
The Boston Globe's Ty Burr wrote, " What ’ s missing from this Superman saga is a sense	sense	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" During the dance, she attacks him with witty sarcasm and Darcy responds in kind. At the same	same	ADJ	ball	NOUN	 ball
Solomon returned to Constantinople. Germanus was successful in winning the confidence of many soldiers, re establishing discipline and	and	CCONJ	defeating	VERB	 defeating
Furthermore, while G has virtually no effect at audio frequency, it can cause noticeable losses at high frequency	frequency	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Before the completion of I 69 near Marshall in late 1967, US 27 followed 17 Mile Road and Kalamazoo	Kalamazoo	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
One shell hit forward and detonated one or both of the forward magazines, which broke the ship in two	two	NUM	near	ADP	 near
Two laps later, Hamlin used the draft to take over the lead, with Labonte moving into second.	.	PUNCT	Kahne	PROPN	 Kahne
The A.V. Club commented that the " pumped up title track is bound to be a deserving smash ".	.	PUNCT	J.D.	PROPN	 J.D.
Some 500 guest rooms and 32 tower apartments were intended to bring a steady flow of visitors and a source	source	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite his political experience, this was a remarkable choice. Nerva was old and childless, and had spent	spent	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
She was met by South African Prime Minister Louis Botha, but Jan Smuts refused to meet her, partly	partly	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
Michael publicly reads all the outstanding complaints against everyone, even though they were supposed to be anonymous, which	which	PRON	only	ADV	 only
There is a central portico, with a flat roof supported by four ionic columns, added in 1926.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On the trial's second day, soon after Barnes had taken to the witness stand, Raith's counsel	counsel	NOUN	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
" The National Cancer Institute (NCI) has been a target of the anti abortion movement for the conclusions	conclusions	NOUN	presented	VERB	 presented
It was the 15th episode of the third season. The episode first aired in syndication the week of February	February	PROPN	19	NUM	 19
Soule composed the soundtracks to 11 children's games over the next three years, with multiple titles in the	the	DET	Putt	PROPN	 Putt
Prior to the opening of the performing arts center, Newark Symphony Hall was home to the New Jersey Symphony	Symphony	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Merge sort algorithms typically require a time approximately proportional to N · log (N). The base of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the ship was completed she proved to be very overweight which meant that much of her waterline armor belt	belt	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The film, which co stars Patrick Dempsey, Idina Menzel, Susan Sarandon and James Marsden, revolves around	around	ADP	Giselle	PROPN	 Giselle
This became critical when heavy rains delayed the opening of the Lae – Nadzab Road. Without the road,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Egyptians are also thought to have come into knowledge about elements such as antimony, copper, crude arsenic	arsenic	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The character of Hiruma has been well received by manga readers, and as the series continued he went on	on	ADP	to	PART	 to
Collins qualified for semifinals. During semifinals, Collins was placed in heat two. With a time of 20.25	20.25	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Although widely believed to be detrimental to the mental and physical well being of a child, this type of	of	ADP	household	NOUN	 household
Even if micro black holes could be formed, it is expected that they would evaporate in about 10 −	−	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
Béla also taught in Sunday School and was on the Board of the United Methodist Church of the Wayfarer in	in	ADP	Carmel	PROPN	 Carmel
During May 1946, three of No. 38 Squadron's Dakotas were assigned the unusual task of flying 25	25	NUM	tonnes	NOUN	 tonnes
Due to the high cost of removing the main line with no back up service, it was unable to	to	PART	progress	VERB	 progress
Refuse was carried on barges down the Manchester Ship Canal as far as Boysnope Wharf, where it was loaded	loaded	VERB	onto	ADP	 onto
Shah Jahan conferred the title of " Amanat Khan " upon him as a reward for his " dazzling virtuosity	virtuosity	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Though progress is ongoing, there remain a number of still unrealized goals within the framework of the ROC:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It was then re aired as part of Nicktoons Network's Random! Cartoons series showcase on December 7,	,	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
The fireships drifted aimlessly before exploding uselessly, succeeding only in wounding two British sailors whose boat was too close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The first sale, three days after the site began operating, was to an online music website operated by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
At First Minister's Questions she often highlighted personal stories of members of the public, believing them to bring	bring	VERB	an	DET	 an
" Similarly, Arkay of Rediff.com praised the performances of the lead cast but wrote the film " tries to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
When his parents went to Europe to finish their doctoral studies, he learned to speak French in a year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
I am on the verge of breaking down & I can not use my brain for anything ". On	On	ADP	13	NUM	 13
" An intelligent and thoughtful man ", Tesimond wanted his superior's advice as Catesby had recently told him	him	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Max added, " I think I like it better than Inflikted. It has a ring to it that	that	PRON	connects	VERB	 connects
" He notes as an example of " this apparent erasure of Sarah Northrup from his mind " a 1968	1968	NUM	interview	NOUN	 interview
It was the culmination of the 2009 Women's Cricket World Cup, the ninth Women's Cricket World Cup	Cup	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The night of his senior dinner, Tenney received a telephone message from Frank Selee, the manager of the	the	DET	Beaneaters	PROPN	 Beaneaters
Shortly after Schnaufer's arrival, on one of his first missions in Leeuwarden, Schnaufer had taken right of	of	ADP	way	NOUN	 way
The third of these stones was in Nico's and George's possession. George returns to the treehouse and	and	CCONJ	cures	NOUN	 cures
Agriculture and allied sectors like forestry, logging and fishing accounted for 18.6% of the GDP in 2005,	,	PUNCT	employed	VERB	 employed
Cartographic evidence indicates that in the early 18th century the peninsula was longer than at present. A " neck	neck	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
However, the instrument can be used to determine the general chemical structures present, allowing forensic chemists to determine	determine	VERB	the	DET	 the
O'Donnell also introduced a distinctive piano theme which had never been heard before, and first made its appearance in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, late on September 8, both agencies declared that the depression had dissipated off the coast of Vietnam	Vietnam	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Moffat felt that the relationship had already been sufficiently established in the first series so there was little point going	going	VERB	back	ADV	 back
He added that 1,198 terrorists were killed and another 356 were injured so far. 25 November 2014 Twenty terrorists	terrorists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The single track branch was completed in time for the opening two months later. The junction with the LSWR	LSWR	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The film then scored the biggest Wednesday opening in domestic history with $68,533,840 beating Transformers: Revenge of the	the	DET	Fallen	PROPN	 Fallen
Paranhos strongly disapproved of his son's personal life, which was considered scandalous by 19th century Brazilian society.	.	PUNCT	Long	ADV	 Long
As Chesham, with a population in 1882 of 6,500, was the most significant town in the area through	through	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Recording sessions for Commit This to Memory, which were booked by Hoppus, were scheduled over six weeks at	at	ADP	Seedy	PROPN	 Seedy
Scott was forestalled by Shackleton, who early in 1907 announced his plans to lead an expedition with the twin	twin	ADJ	objectives	NOUN	 objectives
Because the reactions involved in Bynesian decay require a certain quantity of moisture in the air in order for them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
At the Raleigh Durham Airport in North Carolina, gusts of 90 mph (140 km / h) were	were	AUX	recorded	VERB	 recorded
" Jim Crow Blues ", recorded in 1929 by Cow Cow Davenport, deals with getting away from racial	racial	ADJ	segregation	NOUN	 segregation
At 12: 00 UTC on October 15, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) estimated that a tropical	tropical	ADJ	depression	NOUN	 depression
Because the ancestors of P. raceyi lost the first upper incisor and first and third upper and lower premolars,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
They retained the League title the following year, winning the championship by a single point from Fleet Town following	following	VERB	a	DET	 a
Tunis also played a doubles match against the French women's champion Suzanne Lenglen. Returning to the U.S. at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Battles between the Parthian Empire and the Roman Republic began in 92 BC; wars began under the late Republic	Republic	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After temporarily improving the Partisan defences against the German and NDH forces, the Partisan Supreme Headquarters and the 1st	1st	ADJ	Proletarian	PROPN	 Proletarian
With two fingers flanked by two opposable thumbs on each hand, two large toes on each foot (four	four	NUM	small	ADJ	 small
" Run to You " was released in November 1984 in Europe where it peaked at the top ten in	in	ADP	Ireland	PROPN	 Ireland
" Silverstein chose the name at home one evening, early in 1960, because he felt " Apollo riding	riding	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Woodland was cleared over time for farming and housing. Following the Norman conquest of England in 1066, Ernulf	Ernulf	PROPN	de	X	 de
In the Iraq War, it formed part of Task Force Black and Task Force Knight, with A Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	22	NUM	 22
Once Bruno was completed, it could hold up to 9 U boats. Bergen remained a quiet base during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
In summer, a large proportion of the rainfall is caused by sun heating the ground leading to convection and	and	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
Vertebrate predators of bees include bee eaters, shrikes and flycatchers, which make short sallies to catch insects in	in	ADP	flight	NOUN	 flight
They proposed that a meteor (from a comet containing the red particles) caused the sound and flash and	and	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Both campaigns began to use their running mates to attack the other candidate. Republican Vice Presidential nominee Spiro Agnew	Agnew	PROPN	criticized	VERB	 criticized
In 1114, the chieftain Wanyan Aguda (1068 – 1123) united the disparate Jurchen tribes and led a	a	DET	revolt	NOUN	 revolt
However, by far the greater cause of population decline was the dire economic state of the country which led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Michael Paoletta from Billboard called the song " horribly derivative ", while NME's Jim Wirth said that "	"	PUNCT	Dirrty	PROPN	 Dirrty
Thor asks Loki if his efforts were successful, and that Loki should tell him while he is still in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nearly 39,000 civilians were processed into the camps at Yevlakh and Dashkesen with as many as 15,000 unaccounted for.	.	PUNCT	Four	NUM	 Four
The team, mostly made up of RAAF personnel, had been ill with food poisoning and dysentery, and	and	CCONJ	travelled	VERB	 travelled
Orientation programs encourage students to become involved in campus activities and organizations from the beginning. An April 2005 campus	campus	NOUN	survey	NOUN	 survey
It moved along the southern coast of Japan before coming ashore west of Tokyo on August 26. Soon after	after	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He thus protected the president's sole authority over the removal of appointees and influenced the location of the nation	nation	NOUN	's	PART	's
This deficiency was rectified in Internet Explorer 7, bringing Internet Explorer in line with other web browsers in this	this	DET	regard	NOUN	 regard
In 2009, Eastbourne gained a new cultural centre, replacing the Manor House (which has now been sold	sold	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
Each eruptive cycle was separated from one another by long periods of dormancy and minor activity, during which,	,	PUNCT	glaciers	NOUN	 glaciers
These topics, with the exception of math, are thematically linked each year. One of the multiple choice	choice	NOUN	events	NOUN	 events
The idea to have the crew on the back cover was Duane Allman's idea, as all involved viewed	viewed	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Fuller and his father were very close and had filmed a United Way and the NFL commercial together during the	the	DET	offseason	NOUN	 offseason
Coastal flooding overran the coasts of Louisiana and Texas, which worsened river flooding across the region. Federal disaster	disaster	NOUN	declarations	NOUN	 declarations
Instead, these authors argue that a subsonic bow wave defines the transition from the solar wind flow to the	the	DET	interstellar	ADJ	 interstellar
All times are in China Standard Time (UTC + 8) In the following calendar for the 2008 Olympic Games	Games	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Acute SCI merits treatment in an intensive care unit, especially injuries to the cervival spinal cord. Patients with	with	ADP	SCI	PROPN	 SCI
By August, Mutual was represented by six correspondents in Korea, more than ABC or NBC. In June	June	PROPN	1958	NUM	 1958
Written by Mark Hall and produced by Mark A. Miller and Steven Curtis Chapman, it was released as the	the	DET	lead	NOUN	 lead
In addition to Reading, a new festival called Monsters of Rock was created in 1980 at Castle Donington,	,	PUNCT	England	PROPN	 England
It was Henrik Ruse, a Dutch building engineer, who was charged by Frederick III to develop the area	area	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
Another 225 deaths were attributed to floods from the depression in southern Mexico. In addition, Paul was responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Since their chest walls are more flexible, children are more vulnerable to pulmonary contusion than adults are, and	and	CCONJ	thus	ADV	 thus
This charter lists a number of estates as owned by Regenbald that were also listed in Domesday Book as Regenbald	Regenbald	PROPN	's	PART	's
The demolition derby form flies into her hand, and she decides to give it a try. When she	she	PRON	leaves	VERB	 leaves
The canceled $50,000 check would later include Rickey's signature showing that Zeckendorf turned over the $50,000 to	to	ADP	Rickey	PROPN	 Rickey
The gun was only initially known as the 41 cm / 45 3rd Year Type naval gun before it was	was	AUX	redesignated	VERB	 redesignated
The half life of 239Np is very short, although the detection of its much longer lived daughter 239Pu in	in	ADP	nature	NOUN	 nature
Although they did not discover Ceres, they later found several large asteroids. One of the astronomers selected for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The philosophy behind the Foundation was that music and entertainment has a healing quality that can benefit children. The	The	DET	Foundation	PROPN	 Foundation
You are not all going to die. Only two percent of you right here today would be killed in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Night in the Ruts was released in November 1979, but only managed to sell enough records to be certified	certified	VERB	Gold	PROPN	 Gold
In 1793 a further survey was conducted by John Rennie, and the route of the canal was altered to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) glossary definition is: Climate in a narrow sense is usually	usually	ADV	defined	VERB	 defined
They obtained search warrants and subpoenas; 50 investigators entered the Ranch on October 2, 1985. Dr. Skeels	Skeels	PROPN	found	VERB	 found
Treloar was educated at Albert Park State School and became a trained Sunday school teacher. He was not able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The 2nd New Zealand Division was under the command of Brigadier Edward Puttick due to Freyberg taking command of Creforce	Creforce	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The " Saucy Jacky " postcard was postmarked 1 October 1888 and was received the same day by the Central	Central	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
Writer Brian Michael Bendis has stated that he favors incorporating Miles into the Spider Man feature films in some way	way	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Stuart Beattie was hired to write a new script for Sommers's film, and G.I. Joe comic and filecard	filecard	NOUN	writer	NOUN	 writer
Hygeberht, already Bishop of Lichfield, became the new archdiocese's first and only archbishop, and by the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Yardley spoke after Bradman: In saying good bye to Don we are saying good bye to the greatest cricketer	cricketer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The SAG measures 150 kilometres (93 miles) in diameter. It contributes to the flow of bottom water	water	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Abstentionists also reject the position of moderationists that in many circumstances Christians should feel free to drink for pleasure because	because	SCONJ	abstentionists	NOUN	 abstentionists
Dylan's biographer Howard Sounes warned against reducing the song to the biography of one person, and suggested "	"	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Four were fitted between the 9 inch guns and could traverse a total of 100°. The others were	were	AUX	mounted	VERB	 mounted
The Germans then retreated and continued towards Songea. During this contact, Booth advanced towards enemy fire to rescue	rescue	VERB	a	DET	 a
By later in the day, Debbie had begun to restrengthen. It resumed Category 3 intensity on August 20	20	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He stated his belief that there would be an openly gay player " within the next 10 years " and	and	CCONJ	expressed	VERB	 expressed
" Trapped in the Closet " generated significant controversy. Tom Cruise, who is portrayed in the episode,	,	PUNCT	reportedly	ADV	 reportedly
In 1997, Carmen Velazquez lost welfare benefits from the government under the provisions of the Temporary Assistance for Needy	Needy	PROPN	Families	PROPN	 Families
In 2003 it was ranked # 452 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. Greg Prato	Prato	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It is home to many cultural institutions and exhibits, which attract more than 7 million visitors a year to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The belief that certain animals can not rise if pushed over has historical antecedents, though cattle have never	never	ADV	been	AUX	 been
After Hōshō was commissioned, experienced aircrews requested changes, and the ship was modified by the Yokosuka Navy Arsenal	Arsenal	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
In an attempt to sign in an actress who had never worked with Khan before, Kapoor was confirmed to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
GameSpot put the real time land battles as " enjoyable to command and enjoyable to watch ", particularly commending	commending	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Baillet Latour opposed boycotting the Games, as did Brundage (who had learned in 1933 that he was	was	AUX	being	AUX	 being
Although Ladas was reported to be running with only two sound legs, he was his owner's first choice	choice	NOUN	ahead	ADV	 ahead
Following months of negotiations involving lawyers and arbitrators on both sides, the boundary line between the two colonies was	was	AUX	set	VERB	 set
Thus, the JTWC expected Nina to move into the Luzon Straits and rapidly transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
A 7.5% ABV version is sold throughout most of the world, although lower strength variants are found in	in	ADP	some	DET	 some
Hofmeister also contended that Simmons erred in excluding unconventional sources of oil such as the oil sands of Canada,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Sroka proposes that Mary of Bytom married Charles in 1306, but Kristó writes that their marriage probably took place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The collection features an HD remaster of Dream Drop Distance as well as Kingdom Hearts χ Back Cover, set	set	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Oels remained in this organization until the end of the war in April 1814. During this period,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Roland Rizzo, who has been working with the X COM series since the beginning, became the audio lead	lead	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The only remaining fish species in the creek is carp, which can withstand high amounts of chlorine. Carp	Carp	VERB	up	ADV	 up
1600 – 1050 BC), where they appear in burials. The high point of chariot use in China	China	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Andy (Ed Helms) desperately aspires to join the inner circle, while Deangelo repeatedly attempts to win over	over	ADP	Dwight	PROPN	 Dwight
Duncan and Meg (Alona Tal) approach Veronica, and she tells Meg the general overview of a case	case	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
In an overview of his Combine performance, a writer for the NFL praised his speed and " receiver like	like	ADP	hands	NOUN	 hands
As a result, the ecology of the peninsula suffered major ecological damage, including contamination by military nuclear waste	waste	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In later years, the cricketer Jack Bond recalled St Hill as a very effective coach at the club,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Avakian named Weston's character Jonathan Edwards, for the 18th century Calvinist preacher of the same name, and	and	CCONJ	asked	VERB	 asked
His first goal for Chester was a consolation goal in a 2 – 1 defeat to Morecambe on 15 November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It stars an ensemble cast of Malin Åkerman, Billy Crudup, Matthew Goode, Carla Gugino, Jackie Earle	Earle	PROPN	Haley	PROPN	 Haley
Stylidium species with glandular trichomes on their sepals, leaves, flower parts, or scapes have been suggested to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
White has aspirations to work with Gueller to return the Box Tree to its former status as a two Michelin	Michelin	PROPN	starred	VERB	 starred
All 9,000 seats were sold out. President Roosevelt delivered an address praising the German culture and the sängerfest tradition	tradition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The Answer Lies Within " and " I Walk Beside You " are the two shortest tracks on the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
At the end of 1901 Fisher married Margaret Irvine, his previous landlady's daughter. Labour improved their position	position	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He did not study Paul Bettany's performance as J.A.R.V.I.S. when approaching the character. Chad Michael Murray as Jack	Jack	PROPN	Thompson	PROPN	 Thompson
Miyamoto said that he knew from his own experience that the game would only be as good as the effort	effort	NOUN	Itoi	PROPN	 Itoi
Over the next five months, Admiral Hipper ran a series of sea trials in the Baltic, but failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Of contemporary thinkers, the one who most influenced Prus and other writers of the Polish " Positivist " period	period	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Birds of the ocean Birds, etc. The inherent ' obliterative ' power of markings. ' Ruptive '	'	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Additionally, Ric Simmons criticized the Court's ruling for failing to reflect the realities of " real life confrontations	confrontations	NOUN	occurring	VERB	 occurring
He ordered his generals to terminate Operation Citadel. Kluge welcomed the decision, as he was already in the	the	DET	process	NOUN	 process
" Dummy named the album one of its " 12 albums for 2011, " and Ruth Saxelby concluded that	that	SCONJ	Ferraro	PROPN	 Ferraro
He put his career on the line. " USAF and NASA declined to cooperate on the film. In	In	ADP	fact	NOUN	 fact
Pants and trousers were introduced to China during the Warring States in the 4th century BC, and were not	not	PART	exclusive	ADJ	 exclusive
Numerous awards were given to her, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and she was inducted into several	several	ADJ	halls	NOUN	 halls
The away team returns with them to the Enterprise before the freighter explodes. Kunivas is taken to sickbay and	and	CCONJ	Korris	PROPN	 Korris
The brigade had a nominal strength of an estimated 5,000 soldiers. The Saudis also deployed the Tariq Task Force	Force	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Inspired by the movie, The Ballad of G.I. Joe was released in 2009 on the website Funny or Die	Die	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was influenced by Fermi's simplicity and Sommerfeld's rigor in approaching problems, and these qualities influenced his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
In 1481, an Italian Jewish traveller Meshulam of Volterra wrote: Gazza is called by the Moslems Gaza.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In 1939, the section Korsvoll – Sognsvann was upgraded to double tracks, and the station Korsvoll had its	its	PRON	name	NOUN	 name
A larger clash, between Cambridge's Monaghan and Oxford's Smith, took place by Chiswick Eyot before Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
Upon climbing through 50 feet (15 m), the aircraft began banking to the right. The climbing	climbing	VERB	bank	NOUN	 bank
Life as a constitutional monarch, full of tedium, caution, and conciliation, ran against the essence of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The rumors were further fueled by an August 2010 episode of OLTL, in which Howarth's picture was shown	shown	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
There is limited underground drainage system in the town and the major sewerage system for disposal of sullage is through	through	ADP	septic	ADJ	 septic
Despite this difference in environments, most platyhelminths use the same system to control the concentration of their body fluids	fluids	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 16th century, Adriaan van Roomen solved the problem using intersecting hyperbolas, but this solution does not	not	PART	use	VERB	 use
Mo landed her US record deal with The Cherry Party, a label ventured with Sony Music Entertainment. Her	Her	PRON	debut	NOUN	 debut
At the time of collision, Leipzig was switching from her diesel cruise engines to her steam turbine main engines	engines	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is thought that irregular and often blemished pieces of wood were used in their entirety rather than squared off	off	ADP	due	ADP	 due
She described the lyrical content as a tie between both her " Western and oriental beliefs ", and believed	believed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Kouandété had aspirations of his own. On December 17, 1967, he and 60 other soldiers led a	a	DET	military	ADJ	 military
Paul Davies, a member of the SETI Post Detection Taskgroup, has stated that post detection protocols, calling	calling	VERB	for	ADP	 for
19 January 2015: A US drone strike killed 6 while injuring 4 others in the ShahiKhel area of North	North	PROPN	Waziristan	PROPN	 Waziristan
Jordan started 53 of his 60 games for the season, averaging 24.3 points, 5.4 assists, and 6.0	6.0	NUM	rebounds	NOUN	 rebounds
The hurricane destroyed all but two houses at Port Castries, and throughout the island about 6,000 perished. Among	Among	ADP	the	DET	 the
His admiration for William Morris led him to adopt Morris's favourite colour of green as his own, using	using	VERB	green	ADJ	 green
Vuković's changes involved diverting part of the force to attack Drniš and Sinj, resting the remainder of the	the	DET	attacking	NOUN	 attacking
The fellowship's polity is a hybrid of presbyterian and congregational models. This tension between local independence and national	national	ADJ	authority	NOUN	 authority
After having weakened to tropical depression status, Dessilia restrengthened into a tropical storm on January 22. Increased wind	wind	NOUN	shear	NOUN	 shear
, or is it a pure construct of reception history? " Nielsen himself was ambiguous about his attitudes to	to	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
Syaoran is introduced as a young archaeologist who is in love with Sakura, his childhood friend and the princess	princess	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Vincent joins the group when he learns that they may eventually meet up with Hojo, against whom Vincent has	has	VERB	an	DET	 an
The race had a total of ten cautions and twenty five lead changes among ten different drivers. Kenseth appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Instead, the attraction officially opened on March 17, 1999. Test Track replaced World of Motion, though	though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
PC Gamer featured Anachronox four times in its top 100 PC games lists: # 16 (2007),	,	PUNCT	#	SYM	 #
The snake is nocturnal, when it may be more defensive. It is, however, a timid and	and	CCONJ	placid	ADJ	 placid
When the fruit body is injured and the latex is exposed, an esterase enzyme (an enzyme that splits	splits	VERB	esters	NOUN	 esters
The following week, on February 6, they won the WWE Tag Team Championship by defeating Los Guerreros.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Cleomenes ' involvement in the plot is unclear, since ancient sources contradict each other: Polybius claims that Cleomenes	Cleomenes	NOUN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Cooke saw action at the Battle of the Saintes, at which Duke was heavily engaged. He remained with	with	ADP	Gardner	PROPN	 Gardner
From 1964, Ny Ålesund became a research outpost, and a facility for the European Space Research Organisation.	.	PUNCT	Petroleum	NOUN	 Petroleum
These warnings were canceled on February 14. During the cyclone, RSMC Nadi placed the Lau Islands under a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
" The theater space can be assembled on an as needed basis within the building and equipment, including the	the	DET	104	NUM	 104
Some groups had very specific forms of resistance and became extremely specialized. The Service D group, for example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Resava, Levač, Temnić, and Jadar of Serbia, as well as in Ozren and Romanija of	of	ADP	Bosnia	PROPN	 Bosnia
The Alexander the Great campaign recounts the young king's conquest of Asia. The beginning cinematic is of the	the	DET	killing	NOUN	 killing
" In the spring of 1873, the navy created the civilian post of Inspector of Naval Bands, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The artillery, although shocked to find a French Corps advancing straight toward them, immediately opened fire, as	as	SCONJ	did	VERB	 did
According to the report, Heikkinen, “ in his typically pungent manner, nipped Ford ’ s eulogies in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Whether they were related with the family of Marco Polo is uncertain, but this could indicate that his ancestors	ancestors	NOUN	traveled	VERB	 traveled
Mr Gurney addressed the jury, explaining the circumstances of the disturbances carried out by the mob in Ely.	.	PUNCT	Nine	NUM	 Nine
Richter appears halfway through, leading the armada of airships. Capra appears near the end of the video alongside	alongside	ADP	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
Beyoncé crafted most songs on B ' Day through live instrumentation and diverse techniques. This is evident on "	"	PUNCT	Déjà	PROPN	 Déjà
Jemima is a headstrong innocent distracted by her overwhelming desire to nest, and thus unable to penetrate the fox	fox	NOUN	's	PART	's
The race came about following a challenge laid down to the University of Oxford by University of Cambridge " to	to	PART	row	VERB	 row
The Jet was featured on the cover of the September 1951 issue of Popular Science along with a Jaguar and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
Robert Patrick called the episode his " favorite episode, " because the writers saw a chance to really create	create	VERB	a	DET	 a
Present day Route 109 was designated as a part of pre 1927 Route 14 in 1917 before becoming the southernmost	southernmost	NOUN	portion	NOUN	 portion
" Idol proceeded to consult with various writers familiar with the computer related magazines, such as Mondo 2000,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The universal veil is grey. Spores are white, spherical in shape, non amyloid, and measure 10.2	10.2	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
There is a dividing line; charitable trusts discussing political issues can be valid, as discussed by Hoffmann J	J	PROPN	obiter	NOUN	 obiter
The former alignment of Route 94 between the Delaware Bridge and the Portland – Columbia Toll Bridge became a part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Violence again broke out after the assassination; Isabeau had troops patrol Paris and, to protect the Dauphin Louis	Louis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the first, at Five Mile Run, he gives no American losses. In the second, at	at	ADP	Stockton	PROPN	 Stockton
It began serialisation in France in Cœurs Vaillants from 29 December 1935, and later in the Swiss magazine L	L	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The hurricane moved ashore near Sabine Pass, Texas later that day at peak strength. Once inland, the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
" I should have known better, " he said in 1992. Speaking in 1996, Wallace stated,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Flooding from the storm's remnants caused about $19.6 million in damage (2003 USD, $25.2 million	million	NUM	2016	NUM	 2016
Mountainous areas – particularly in the west coast of Sumatra, West Java, Kalimantan, Sulawesi, and Papua	Papua	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
The Coleambally Irrigation Area, established in 1968, was the last of the major government sponsored irrigation developments in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Australian assessments of the Viet Cong 275th Regiment were seemingly reinforced by its unsuccessful attempt to ambush a convoy from	from	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
Besides appearing in many TV programs and movies, Davis founded his own acting school, the William Davis Centre	Centre	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
They deliberately saved the most intense music for the final chapter of Phantasmagoria, when the game becomes the most	most	ADV	intense	ADJ	 intense
Almost all of the energy would have been generated by the forelimbs. The upstroke of the wings would have	have	AUX	occurred	VERB	 occurred
The swimmer has to bring their own tapper. Having a tapper is optional. In blind archery, B3	B3	PROPN	archers	NOUN	 archers
" On May 16, 1929, the first Academy Award ceremony was held at the Hotel Roosevelt in Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Laura wrote that Bob was a friend of her father, and in another entry wrote, " Someday I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
On Easter weekend 1991, Kennedy was at a get together at the family's Palm Beach, Florida,	,	PUNCT	estate	NOUN	 estate
The route intersects Highway 8 (Huron Street), and becomes concurrent with it briefly to cross the North	North	PROPN	Thames	PROPN	 Thames
Changes to the offside rule in the 1925 – 26 season resulted in an increase in the number of goals	goals	NOUN	scored	VERB	 scored
The gun fired 10.8 pound (4.9 kg) shells to a range of about 8,600 yards (7,864 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Coconut crabs live alone in underground burrows and rock crevices, depending on the local terrain. They dig their	their	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Tarkovsky successfully resisted such major changes, and after a few minor edits Solaris was approved for release in March	March	PROPN	1972	NUM	 1972
In the facility are thousands of capsules holding human test subjects. Although Chris discovers that one of the capsules	capsules	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The " clearance, replanning, development or redevelopment of blighted areas " is made a public and state duty	duty	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The sovereign, when acting on the Council's advice, is known as the King in Council or Queen	Queen	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The mushroom's habitat consists of areas dominated by pine (Pinus spp.), spruce (Picea spp	spp	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After leaving school, at the age of 16, he worked as a stagehand at Perth Repertory Theatre and	and	CCONJ	studied	VERB	 studied
The Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex was officially opened on 19 March 1965 by Prime Minister Menzies, and is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
This constituted an increase over the previous episode, " Jerry's Painting ", which was seen by an	an	DET	estimated	ADJ	 estimated
Sam and Max, the Freelance Police, are two comic book characters created by Steve Purcell, who act	act	VERB	as	ADP	 as
By 1523, the French situation had entirely collapsed. The death of Doge Antonio Grimani brought Andrea Gritti,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The storm moved inland roughly 30 mi (48 km) north of Cozumel at the northern edge of the	the	DET	Yucatan	PROPN	 Yucatan
Stunt work aimed for realistic action, prioritizing practical effects. The fight scenes were staged for months, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The life expectancy in Bahrain is 73 for males and 76 for females. Compared to many countries in the	the	DET	region	NOUN	 region
As Fanny Imlay grew up, her father increasingly relied on her to placate tradespeople who demanded bills be paid	paid	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The submarine noted the lack of warning, and sent the warning to U boat command. However, Operation	Operation	PROPN	Enclose	PROPN	 Enclose
In 2011, Gates explained that Chinese fifth generation fighter developments had been accounted for when the number of F	F	PROPN	22s	NOUN	 22s
English rock group the Yardbirds recorded " The Train Kept A Rollin ' " during their first American tour in	in	ADP	1965	NUM	 1965
The game features a field map and battle screen. The field map is an isometric area where the player	player	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
However, a secret trust does not have to obey the separate formalities of the Law of Property Act 1925	1925	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
EUS may be used to obtain biopsy (tissue sample) of suspicious masses. EUS may also replace diagnostic	diagnostic	ADJ	ERCP	PROPN	 ERCP
More recently, Sibelius was also one of the composers championed by Robert Simpson. Malcolm Arnold acknowledged his influence	influence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" He concluded that it is " affecting, fun and deeply enjoyable. " Mania.com reviewed the first three	three	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Only monk seals live in waters that are not typically cool or rich in nutrients. The Caspian seal and	and	CCONJ	Baikal	PROPN	 Baikal
For example, in the Basque phrase ikusi nauzu, or " you saw me ", the past tense	tense	ADJ	auxiliary	ADJ	 auxiliary
She performed the song on Today show concert on October 26, 2010. She was scheduled to give a	a	DET	live	ADJ	 live
Later, the son of a wheelchair bound man, whom Jim spotted earlier, shoves Sara, who scrapes	scrapes	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Structure 5D 28 was built very late in the Early Classic period (around the 6th century). A	A	DET	trio	NOUN	 trio
Rice wine (sake), radishes and " bliss buns " (kangi dan) are offered to the	the	DET	god	PROPN	 god
It would have required elevators to conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act. This plan was abandoned because it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
He had visited the Byzantine court as an official ambassador and probably knew more about Byzantine affairs than any other	other	ADJ	Latin	ADJ	 Latin
In 1926, he was appointed to a Royal Commission considering cross river traffic in London with particular reference to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The episode depicts the aftermath of the third season finale in which Peter Bishop disappears from his timeline. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The set's video screen displayed shots from the song's music video, which were accompanied by the stage	stage	NOUN	's	PART	's
Shankly was awarded the OBE in November 1974, four months after he retired as Liverpool manager. He and	and	CCONJ	Nessie	PROPN	 Nessie
She went to Cape Town for periodic maintenance from 10 October to mid November. In January 1899, she	she	PRON	towed	VERB	 towed
At times, the entire Kitkehahki band abandoned the Republican and moved to the Platte. Generally, this took	took	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
Montalbán and Rhue also appeared in separate episodes of Roddenberry's previous NBC television series, The Lieutenant (1963	1963	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" The next year he returned as Russell's student and abandoned his earth coloured palette for bright Impressionist colours	colours	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The name " Griffin " can be found on the cornice of both buildings. Both were constructed around 1900	1900	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Many of the deciduous trees in central Nova Scotia still had leaves, which magnified the effects of wind damage	damage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
SAS was flying a 90 seat aircraft two to three times per day between Kirkenes and Alta with only ten	ten	NUM	to	PART	 to
On 23 July 1948, the XF 85 flew the first of five captive flights, designed to test whether	whether	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Two thirds of air capability was retained by the government – however, the whole of the Republican Air Force	Force	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
A second project, the full duplication of the Cronulla branch line, was completed in 2010. This increases	increases	VERB	the	DET	 the
The race had become a legitimate rival to New York and continues to vie for top runners. The 1985	1985	NUM	race	NOUN	 race
This transit causes a slight and regular change in the host star's brightness, which can then tested to	to	PART	prove	VERB	 prove
Staged by the company who would later become the Abbey Theatre, The Bending of the Bough was a historically	historically	ADV	important	ADJ	 important
Guru Nanak Dev visited Varanasi for Shivratri in 1507, a trip that played a large role in the founding	founding	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
But this town would not contain various classes of population, but would be built for the express purpose of	of	ADP	meeting	VERB	 meeting
The mastiff was later returned to Legh's home and was the foundation of the Lyme Hall Mastiffs. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In 2004, an 18 " bronze statue of Robertson was sculpted by world renowned sculptor Harry Weber. 77	77	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
Though never materialised, additional proposals for aid included sending special units of the German Bundeswehr to Japan, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was the Football Association who lured Robson away from Portman Road a year later, when he accepted their	their	PRON	offer	NOUN	 offer
Wellington ordered the deputies to espouse King Louis's cause. Louis XVIII entered Paris on 8 July to a	a	DET	boisterous	ADJ	 boisterous
Although he fails a series of physical and psychological examinations, M approves his return to the field. Bond	Bond	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
It was the third straight year that Texas trailed Oklahoma State at halftime and came from behind to win by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Barcarolle No 12 in E♭ major, Op 106bis (1915) Dedicated to Louis Diémer, the twelfth	twelfth	ADJ	barcarolle	NOUN	 barcarolle
Many citizens of Florence feared the impending end of the republic, and a conversion to a monarchy. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
In some areas, the finding of a toad in a house was considered evidence that a witch was present	present	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
It has no formal powers but operates as a forum for discussing matters of common concern between the respective legislatures	legislatures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Armed resistance to the occupation and the NDH initially formed into two loosely cooperating factions, the Partisans who were	were	AUX	led	VERB	 led
The album was critically acclaimed, with Evan C. Gutierrez from Allmusic giving it four stars out of five and	and	CCONJ	commenting	VERB	 commenting
A more compact type replaces the lens / beam splitter configuration with a half silvered or dichroic curved collimating mirror	mirror	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
Later, Harry finds out that the locket is not the real Horcrux, containing only a note from someone	someone	PRON	named	VERB	 named
The thickness of the cylinder walls is directly related to the working pressure, and this affects the buoyancy characteristics	characteristics	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The work ventures into transcendentalism, relying strongly on intuition, a movement and practice he had despised. Though	Though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In the 1970s, a controversial ring road scheme and construction of the multi storey Charter House building destroyed significant	significant	ADJ	parts	NOUN	 parts
Cooke is best known for his death in hand to hand combat with French forces during the Battle of Trafalgar	Trafalgar	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
When the Justice Party weakened in the absence of mass support, E.V. Ramasamy took over the leadership of the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Crucially, martial law as then understood was not a form of substantive law, but instead a suspension of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Unable to drive the German infantry off all of the high ground, the division gained 250 yards (230	230	NUM	m	PROPN	 m
Exposure to oxygen and sunlight are the two main factors in the oxidation of food, so food is preserved	preserved	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" He was chosen by local sportswriters as an all city athlete in all three sports in his senior year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
London and Kendrick were drafted to Raw as the first picks in the WWE Supplemental Draft on June 17,	,	PUNCT	2007	NUM	 2007
Michael Alig, socialite, co founding member of the Club Kids, co murderer of Angel Melendez Elijah Anderson	Anderson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) of Trieste was selected for the contract to build eight vessels, ahead of	of	ADP	one	NUM	 one
They have released eight studio albums, three compilations, two EPs, and 34 singles. They have spent	spent	VERB	a	DET	 a
On 23 November, Harrison's exasperation with the situation saw him raging against Capitol president Bhaskar Menon during a	a	DET	late	ADJ	 late
Christian theology as classically understood – the systematic development of the classical doctrinal topics – is relatively recent and rare	rare	ADJ	among	ADP	 among
Following their Edinburgh Fringe shows, the group enjoyed considerable success in the United Kingdom, making appearances on numerous	numerous	ADJ	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
However, a new terrorist group called " Heaven Smile " appears, targeting the United Nations (UN)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Season five's DVD was released on September 15, 2009, and includes unaired scenes, bloopers, and	and	CCONJ	extended	VERB	 extended
In July 2007, they played a sell out show at Live at the Marquee in Cork, with Noonan	Noonan	PROPN	two	NUM	 two
In addition, like its other vehicles of similar vintage, Toyota designed the Aurion within the realm of its	its	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1814, Mary began a romance with one of her father's political followers, the then married Percy	Percy	PROPN	Bysshe	PROPN	 Bysshe
The motive for the plot was unclear, but was described variously as a response to the acrimonious campaign and	and	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
The gunmen took 26 people hostage — mostly embassy staff, but several visitors and a police officer, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The icon reflects influences from the Gupta period and the Gandhara architectural tradition. While as per one interpretation,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
1335 – 17 May 1395) was the de jure Serbian king from 1371 to 1395, while he was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
This was first tested for Hurricane Rita in 2005. These types of sensors can be placed in locations that	that	PRON	will	AUX	 will
Parts of it were culverted in 1847 to allow the construction of Lincoln Central railway station. From Lincoln,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hitcham's bequest had meanwhile become entangled in the law courts and work did not begin on the poorhouse until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
Under the Act of Parliament that instituted the Regency, the Prince's formal title as Regent was " Regent	Regent	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Spector wanted to add a string section to the track in Los Angeles, but Lennon insisted that the	the	DET	recording	NOUN	 recording
The " Endangered Places " program raises awareness of the state's " historic treasures in need of the advocacy	advocacy	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Young learned that the Joker had been funding her research to create an army of superhuman henchmen; her refusal	refusal	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The relationships of ownership of the industry, the banking sector and rural property after the nationalization and the land	land	NOUN	reform	NOUN	 reform
The group was succeeded by the Sarawak Liberation League (SLL) in 1954 and later by the CCO.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Beginning the second side, " Playground Twist " is a " swirling mass of flanged guitars " with church	church	NOUN	bells	NOUN	 bells
Ultimately, the defenders were defeated and the fortress was occupied by the Ottomans in 1537. After more than	than	ADP	a	PRON	 a
He held his lead to the summit finish at the Peyragudes ski resort. In the group behind Wiggins and	and	CCONJ	Froome	PROPN	 Froome
We sincerely apologize for any offense. " The company then faced further criticism online, this time both from	from	ADP	customers	NOUN	 customers
Wisden opined that " no Australian made a greater personal contribution to the playing success of the 1948 side "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Qualifying consisted of three parts, 18, 15 and 12 minutes in length respectively, with six drivers eliminated	eliminated	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Demographic diversity. Norwegian demographics have undergone significant changes the last few decades, resulting in new religious buildings Norwegian	Norwegian	ADJ	building	NOUN	 building
Days after issuing his caveat laden challenge, Spinks was described by an onlooking journalist as " very uneasy until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
Unlike the Great Lakes and Illinois Country tribes, Ohio Native Americans had no great attachment to the French regime	regime	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Erick soon moved into cooler waters. This quickly weakened the cyclone and was downgraded to a tropical depression on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The development toolkit for the Motorola CPU included a compiler for the C programming language, which the two programmers	programmers	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The club went the whole season without an away victory, and were relegated back to League Two on the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
We call in our diplomatic missions, barely keeping up those to the more important nations. Outlined by Jefferson	Jefferson	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The club plays matches at Central Coast Stadium, a 20,059 seat stadium in Gosford; its purpose built training	training	NOUN	facility	NOUN	 facility
The writer stated that of the few shreds that remained, he himself possessed a fragment. The c.1800 manuscript	manuscript	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
and that Baltimore had the son of a Protestant forcibly baptised as a Catholic. Although Stourton's complaints were	were	AUX	investigated	VERB	 investigated
However, it is possible that homozygous embryos from alleles of missense and splice site mutations might be viable because	because	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Inside the purse and middle piece is a coiled thread of interwoven hyphae called the funicular cord, attached at	at	ADP	one	NUM	 one
He was escorted by von Krempler, who spoke Turkish. The Mufti successfully convinced the Muslims to ignore the	the	DET	declarations	NOUN	 declarations
It gained a Nielsen rating of 4.4, making it the nineteenth most watched program in the week of October	October	PROPN	31	NUM	 31
Cmdr. Walker's first month in the region began poorly, however, when his ship collided with the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
The Chapel is seen in Gawain's eyes as an evil place: foreboding, " the most accursed church	church	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Generally light rainfall was reported across much of southern and eastern Georgia, though up to 5.34 inches (136	136	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
In June 2007 Inter exercised the option and purchased another half for additional €190,000. On 8 November 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He credited his drama teacher, Gerry Speca, as an important artistic influence, though Ben Affleck, his	his	PRON	good	ADJ	 good
One black motorist observed in the early 1940s that while black travelers felt free in the mornings, by the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Judicial terms were changed to six years and the Court's size was set to a minimum of three members	members	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Spruance was replaced on the supporting tour by the band's former roadie Dean Menta. However, Spruance did	did	AUX	play	VERB	 play
The Imperial War Museum originated during the First World War in 1917 as the National War Museum committee, formed	formed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Fearing that what they considered a better story was to be lost if the changes to " Yesterday's Enterprise	Enterprise	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He took office on June 2, 2008 and served until April 16, 2014, when he resigned to	to	PART	run	VERB	 run
Having just completed the tracks for his fourth album in 1996, Walker was playing basketball with a friend,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Players who had pre ordered the game could also get the original Crysis for free. On 4 March 2015	2015	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The two parts were screwed together using levers to facilitate the work. In Europe, one of the earliest	earliest	ADJ	mentions	NOUN	 mentions
Thus, on October 31 the comuneros left the Alcázar of Toledo and new officials were appointed to run the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Thomas was listed as the " keeper " of the hotel, and Weldy (identified as " Welda "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
These tributary embassies that had come to see the now fallen Longwu Emperor of the Southern Ming were forwarded to	to	ADP	Beijing	PROPN	 Beijing
He hoped that coaching the Russian club would help him land an NHL head coaching position in the future.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Instead, players fight in real time, controlling one of four different types of units, Mech, Recon	Recon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In October 1849 a convention to discuss railroads was held in Memphis, in response to a separate convention called	called	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Ball was as much a loner on the ground as in the air, preferring to stay in his hut	hut	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" There were a lot of people on the set. Jim is not one of those guys who has	has	VERB	the	DET	 the
Essentially, this established a wide area in which patents could be granted, on the condition that monopolies lasted	lasted	VERB	no	ADV	 no
It was hypothesized that the bark of these trees had become more acid in recent years because of increasing atmospheric	atmospheric	ADJ	pollution	NOUN	 pollution
The facade of Augustus was no longer maintained, and Tiberius openly displayed the strength of the guard at parades	parades	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Named for Empress Augusta, who died in January 1890, she was laid down in 1890, launched in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
" Kissing You " was covered by Taylor Dayne, whose version appears as the eighth track on her fifth	fifth	ADJ	studio	NOUN	 studio
During this period, Anatoly Bogatyrev, creator of the opera In Polesye Virgin Forest, served as the "	"	PUNCT	tutor	NOUN	 tutor
He was a scholar in high school who maintained a 3.7 average and was a member of the National Honor	Honor	PROPN	Society	PROPN	 Society
The Lusitano takes its name from Lusitania, an ancient Roman name for the region that today is Portugal.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
He then captained the SS Edenvale, which was bombed on 17 October 1941. Thomas Donohue (Second Mate	Mate	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Fifty seven years later, Tolkien remembered his regret at leaving the view of the eternal snows of Jungfrau and	and	CCONJ	Silberhorn	PROPN	 Silberhorn
L Dubba E demands that JTRO defeat Triple Decka 1 K before he will accept JTRO's challenge. JTRO	JTRO	PROPN	begins	VERB	 begins
Dantzler completed 15 of 32 passes for one touchdown and 180 yards, while Simmons completed six of 12 passes	passes	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Development of Wild Guns lasted approximately five months and was led by Taniguchi. Wild Guns was heavily influenced by	by	ADP	Dynamite	PROPN	 Dynamite
Retro president Michael Kelbaugh said that the delays for the game's release gave them more time to tune the	the	DET	controller	NOUN	 controller
Soon after the Norman conquest, Poulton was granted to Lancaster Priory. In the 15th century, the church	church	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As argued by notable environmental sociologist John Bellamy Foster, the predecessor to modern environmental sociology is Marx's analysis	analysis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Parizeau bitterly attacked business leaders for intervening in the referendum, calling it a betrayal of their Quebec customers and	and	CCONJ	workers	NOUN	 workers
Skye is the largest and most populous of all with an area of 1,656 km2 (639 sq mi)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The bizarre and unclassifiable Marcia funebre, sulla morte d'un Pappagallo (Funeral march on the death of a parrot	parrot	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Return of the Jedi costume designer Nilo Rodis Jamero commented, My vision of Jabba was literally Orson Welles	Welles	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
The conservation outlook is brighter than for many other whales. Commercial whaling has ceased, and the species is	is	AUX	protected	VERB	 protected
" He also raised the possibility of engaging other former basketball players to promote the work of the agriculture department	department	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Buoyed by the success, Broussard announced a follow up, Duke Nukem Forever. Duke Nukem Forever was officially	officially	ADV	announced	VERB	 announced
Intended to be carryed by the Boeing B 29 Superfortress bomber, the Tarzon bomb used the combination of AN	AN	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
For the sessions, Gilmour played bass. Talking to Barrett wasn't easy, said Jones: " It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Following the deadline of June 5, the final number of signatures was never determined because the petitions were sent	sent	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Its assets and claims were finally acquired by a rival concern. During his lifetime Bruce received many awards:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
According to Richard Snow in his guide book to Flying Eagle and Indian Head cents, this was not due	due	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Hutton then hit a square drive past point and Washbrook pulled a ball along the ground past Harvey, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Pillai called her the " new pin up girl of Telugu cinema ". Talking about being typecast after her	her	PRON	success	NOUN	 success
When, in 1845, Carl Schmidt first announced the presence in the test of some ascidians of a substance	substance	NOUN	very	ADV	 very
The Tigers won the 13th District Title, setting up a matchup with Pulaski County High School in the first	first	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
Bulleid considered that attitudes towards the labour intensity of steam operation had changed during the post war period, favouring	favouring	VERB	dieselisation	NOUN	 dieselisation
At the start of the game, the player is given the option of how many RAF squadrons they wish	wish	VERB	to	PART	 to
" During a Chicago concert, Paul Schrodt of Slant Magazine wrote that " a song about the freedom to	to	PART	dance	VERB	 dance
In late 2007, all buildings on the site excluding the elementary school were demolished. RAF Blenheim Crescent was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
The suit claimed infringement on Knievel's trademarked name and likeness. Knievel also claimed that the " vulgar and	and	CCONJ	offensive	ADJ	 offensive
On 9 June 2016, it was revealed that Sheeran was being sued by songwriters Martin Harrington and Thomas Leonard	Leonard	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In accordance with the Constitution's preamble, from 1790 it met " in dual number " when 171 newly	newly	ADV	elected	VERB	 elected
Reitz, F.W., ' Opvoeding en onderwijs: een toespraak... in het Victoria College, Stellenbosch op 15	15	NUM	Junie	PROPN	 Junie
At the 1926 imperial conference in London, some degree of control over the railway was granted to Southern Rhodesia	Rhodesia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The most significant additions made during the 1895 remodelling are located at the rear (north) of the house	house	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Later restrictions established a one year waiting period between nominating and granting of freeman status, and also placed religious	religious	ADJ	restrictions	NOUN	 restrictions
His season totals included a 2.47 ERA and a 7 5 win loss record, both career bests, and	and	CCONJ	added	VERB	 added
Since the 19th century, the only rule changes have been technical in nature, for example establishing the correct	correct	ADJ	procedure	NOUN	 procedure
Several sensational accounts of his offenses and trial were published after his death, and he was mentioned in Herman	Herman	PROPN	Melville	PROPN	 Melville
Visitors drank the waters in the Grand Pump Room, a neo classical salon which remains in use, both	both	PRON	for	ADP	 for
The region is only accessible via a small cleft in the mountains to the north, leading to a massive	massive	ADJ	stone	NOUN	 stone
However, she noted that because " the new episodes doesn't have the specific connection ' Oubliette ' drew	drew	VERB	between	ADP	 between
Despite suffering from an inferiority complex due to his scarred and deformed body, Nalla performs community service and social	social	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
Crystal Waters of Home Office Computing praised the PowerBook 100's " unique, effective design " but was disappointed	disappointed	ADJ	because	SCONJ	 because
In Umberto Eco's novel Foucault's Pendulum, the protagonists work for a pair of related publishing companies,	,	PUNCT	Garamond	PROPN	 Garamond
This resulted in another 30 people turning up. Static X front man Wayne Static, Stone Sour drummer Roy	Roy	PROPN	Mayorga	PROPN	 Mayorga
Double salts are often less soluble, and the low solubility of caesium aluminium sulfate is exploited in the purification	purification	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Minh ordered Nhung to execute the Diệm loyalist. Tung had failed to convince the president to surrender and still	still	ADV	commanded	VERB	 commanded
Historically home to the Kumeyaay people, San Diego was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now	now	ADV	the	DET	 the
While Foreman's return means only two slots are open, House tricks Cuddy into allowing him to hire three	three	NUM	new	ADJ	 new
They meet each other at 1,647 feet (502.0 m), creating the main stem itself. Little Butte	Butte	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
Starting in 2011, he served as the Roy E. Disney Professor in Creative Writing at Pomona College, a	a	DET	position	NOUN	 position
The collection of Selfe's own papers and drawings have since been donated to the same library that his former	former	ADJ	employee	NOUN	 employee
The 1,338 acre (541.5 ha) main academic and residential campus is located 15 miles (24 km)	)	PUNCT	south	ADV	 south
Throughout the state, more than 150 houses sustained flood damage in several counties. In addition, numerous major	major	ADJ	highways	NOUN	 highways
The French government had an exhibit with its own take on technological progress. Finally, a Washington state tourist	tourist	NOUN	center	NOUN	 center
Co creator J.J. Abrams, having worked with Nimoy on the 2009 film Star Trek, begged the actor to	to	PART	join	VERB	 join
The play is also credited with keeping a Major League Baseball team in the city of Seattle, as it	it	PRON	helped	VERB	 helped
In the playoffs, he played in six games recording two assists. 2005 – 2007 To begin the 2005	2005	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Other 2010s synthpop acts include Chvrches, M83 and The C.I.P. Synthpop has received considerable criticism and even prompted hostility	hostility	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
The Commission renovated the property and gave the farm to the Commonwealth of Kentucky for use as a state park	park	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Mississippi based Grapico Bottling Company troubles did not end with its union problems. In September 1924, John Henry	Henry	PROPN	Ennis	PROPN	 Ennis
Financing? Logistics? Specialized tech skills? Brainpower? Strategy?... Show me where I needed a dark	dark	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Ray Davies (lead vocals, rhythm guitar) and Dave Davies (lead guitar, vocals) remained members	members	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
The Guardian claimed the song's lyrics tackle environmental issues with a " sharp wit " while Drowned in Sound	Sound	PROPN	saw	VERB	 saw
Rivals.com rated Kipnis the number one outfielder in the nation. Over two seasons, Kipnis batted.378 with 30 home	home	NOUN	runs	NOUN	 runs
The game had been organised to stimulate interest in the sport in Bradford and attracted 8,000 fans. The new	new	ADJ	football	NOUN	 football
They are also used in paints, varnishes, and inks as " drying agents " through the oxidation of	of	ADP	drying	VERB	 drying
As the news chopper catches all of this on film, the woman's head explodes, sending a spray	spray	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The film went on to gross over $106 million in the United States and over $329 million worldwide	worldwide	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Previously it was thought that during fetal development, the original squamous epithelium of the cervix is derived from the	the	DET	urogenital	ADJ	 urogenital
During the 19th century, there was an explosion of new lemur descriptions and names, which later took decades	decades	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The railroad was to have been constructed from the West Virginia – Virginia state line in either Frederick or Shenandoah	Shenandoah	PROPN	counties	NOUN	 counties
The rational nexus test, also known as the doctrine of reasonable classification, is a three stage test formulated	formulated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In Greg Rucka's Detective Comics No. 862, Barbara Gordon is approached by Huntress and Renee Montoya (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
In Game 3, Malkin scored two goals and Crosby scored one as the Penguins took a 3 – 1	1	NUM	lead	NOUN	 lead
The Sydney Morning Herald's David Hollingworth profiled Frink in his list of " TV's great tech figures "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
It remained a strategic place for Chauhan Empire until Prithviraj was defeated in the Second Battle of Tarain by the	the	DET	invading	ADJ	 invading
" In his review, Wright explained his love of crossover fiction and commended Davies for the direction he took	took	VERB	Doctor	PROPN	 Doctor
Throughout the chord changes progression to give Madonna's vocals dominance in the song, and after a minute the	the	DET	percussion	NOUN	 percussion
These are difficult to achieve on a guitar using standard tuning; Drake used tunings which made cluster chords available	available	ADJ	using	VERB	 using
Nils Melzer graduated summa cum laude from the University of Zürich with a PhD degree in law. Melzer worked	worked	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The daily calendars run from April to March, following the Japanese school year instead of the calendar year.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Millennium Bridge is next to the school buildings. The original building at Milk Street was designed by architect	architect	NOUN	J.B.	PROPN	 J.B.
The science lab set in the first act is a redress of the isolation chamber in sickbay, but with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The last Japanese wolf was a male killed on January 23, 1905 near Washikaguchi (now called Higashi Yoshiro	Yoshiro	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Grain and other dry products were measured in salme, which was equivalent to 275.08 litres in the western part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Both instances required Jackson to testify in court, and each lawsuit found in the favour of the singer and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Hardyman hailed to ask whether Forte had surrendered but the French did not reply and he ordered another broadside.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
" (Russell 1938: 110) Thus, although " the power over opinion " may occur with or	or	CCONJ	without	ADP	 without
The Continental leaders of the church immediately after 1066 justified the Conquest by denigrating the pre Conquest state of the	the	DET	Anglo	PROPN	 Anglo
Zooropa, released in 1993, was a further departure for the band, incorporating additional dance music influences and	and	CCONJ	electronic	ADJ	 electronic
The main entrance gates are decorated with a globe supported by dolphins, while the cast iron gates and gate	gate	NOUN	piers	NOUN	 piers
In all likelihood Tong Yabghu's nephew Böri Shad, and son of Zibil / Ziebel was the commander of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Q called it " raucous modern rock, spiked with infectious guitar motifs and powered with driving bass and	and	CCONJ	drums	NOUN	 drums
It was the first interracial, non denominational church in the United States. While her husband assumed the pastoral	pastoral	ADJ	duties	NOUN	 duties
The defense made pre trial motions arguing that the defendants ' right to trial by a jury of their peers	peers	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
A 2003 – 04 survey of the monument found 55 species of butterflies such as the common sootywing, orange	orange	PROPN	sulphur	PROPN	 sulphur
Beacham initially developed the storyline with del Toro, but dropped out to work on the TV series Hieroglyph.	.	PUNCT	Later	ADV	 Later
Fossils of the extinct genus and species Eoprephasma hichensi have been recovered from Ypresian age sediments in Washington state USA	USA	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Commonly eaten fruits and vegetables included chestnuts, pears, plums, peaches, melons, apricots, strawberries,	,	PUNCT	red	ADJ	 red
Lactarius deterrimus is an edible mushroom, but is much less appreciated than the similar L. deliciosus. The first	first	ADJ	tastes	VERB	 tastes
Hoover was the tallest dam in the world at the time of construction and also had the world's largest	largest	ADJ	hydroelectric	ADJ	 hydroelectric
" Massimilla praised the smooth animations, and felt that " the controls were easy to learn and were responsive	responsive	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The various participants are not considered performers, but rather possessed by the gods and spirits in question. Fortune	Fortune	PROPN	telling	NOUN	 telling
" The crew wrote the finale before the season was officially renewed, but deigned to leave it unchanged once	once	ADV	discovering	VERB	 discovering
Forty tracks were recorded - fifteen of them acoustic - with half of them ending on the final track list	list	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The forward pair of thrusters is fixed, but the aft pair can swivel through 360°, removing the	the	DET	need	NOUN	 need
Employment opportunities are concentrated in the surrounding towns and in a number of small scale industrial parks — notably around	around	ADP	Dunkeswell	PROPN	 Dunkeswell
They expected the government to nationalise the waterway, and pay for the improvements, to which they would contribute	contribute	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Over the years more than twenty steamships were a part of the fleet, including the 1112 ton Merimbula and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After holding out for four days, with their casualties growing and supplies exhausted they were forced to surrender.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Lundgren was criticized for being too wooden as a leading man, and it was dismissed as " a glossy	glossy	ADJ	fantasy	NOUN	 fantasy
In the midst of the Progressive era he remained a " stalwart among the stalwarts ", although during the	the	DET	Populist	ADJ	 Populist
Based on Molyneux's terrestrial globe, it corrected a number of errors in the earlier work by Mercator.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The series ends with the pair sailing away together into the sunset, their relationship apparently rekindled. William Petersen	Petersen	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
" ‍: 88 – 9 To her gift Eleanor Widener attached a number of stipulations,: 43 including	including	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Initial recording sessions for Artpop coincided with the Born This Way Ball. Zedd was not happy with the initial	initial	ADJ	outcome	NOUN	 outcome
In any situation, the High Court can be asked to give a decision on a point of law,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Frederick, a naval officer was involved in a mutiny and he can not return to England without risking his	his	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
In the nineteenth and twentieth century the River Frome became known in East Bristol as the Danny. The derivation	derivation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An ethnic German, he was born in 1821 in Novi Sad as Ignaz Karl Soppron. Upon his arrival	arrival	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Over 400 structures were affected by flooding, including more than 170 mobile homes and nearly 200 single family residences	residences	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Jones was among the crew members of the Space Shuttle Endeavour during an eleven day mission in space, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Boston manager Art Ross predicted that Thompson, now 35, would play for the Red Wings for at least	least	ADJ	another	DET	 another
Dan DeLuca from The Philadelphia Inquirer noted that " her rock moves on songs like ' Freakum Dress, '	'	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Joseph Graham died of wounds five days later. At 7 p.m. the defenders at Hougoumont were still resisting,	,	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
On his doctors ' advice, Gunn formally retired in March 1999. Despite his mixed feelings on joining the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Panavision's first product — the Super Panatar projection lens — debuted in March 1954. Priced at $1,100	1,100	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The ship was completely evacuated in approximately two hours, and the survivors spent the first night camped on a	a	DET	pinnacle	NOUN	 pinnacle
While walking around the property, Tim finds a gun and a bone in the backyard. At first he	he	PRON	wants	VERB	 wants
George Mason University, with its main campus adjacent to the city of Fairfax, was formerly George Mason College	College	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
During this time she was considered for a major reconstruction that would combine her two hangars into a single hangar	hangar	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
However, by letting the stake follow the spine, the impalement procedure would not damage the vital organs,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The list included Haley Joel Osment, David Gallagher, and Hayden Panettiere as the three new characters introduced in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the spring of 2011, Ramirez was informed by MLB of another violation of its drug policy, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Ben Brantley of The New York Times wrote: " Ms. Gyllenhaal provides the essential bridge between the parts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The similarities to Bruckner can be seen in the brass contributions to his orchestral works and the generally slow tempo	tempo	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After two shots, Berkman was tackled to the ground. Still, he managed to pull out the dagger	dagger	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Chartowich argues that the ritual nudity of Wicca was based upon Leland's mistranslation of these lines by incorporating	incorporating	VERB	the	DET	 the
As Lennon had been shot four times at close range with hollow point bullets, Lennon's affected organs (	(	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	particularly
During that lap Michael Schumacher's tyres began to degrade, and he ran off the racing line to cool	cool	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The episode was seen by 7.35 million viewers in the UK and achieved an Appreciation Index of 85. Reviewers	Reviewers	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The term " chocolate " then came to mean solid chocolate, rather than hot chocolate. A distinction is	is	AUX	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
He questions whether they can convincingly portray the roles if they are still virgins. Later, his co director	director	NOUN	Coach	PROPN	 Coach
Plant number 3 still continued operations. It employed 500 people in 1910. Before the start of World War	War	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
The French responded to this move by sending forward General Sorbier, commander of the Imperial Guard artillery. Sorbier	Sorbier	PROPN	brought	VERB	 brought
On July 31, 2014, the Society for American Baseball Research announced that it had chosen Adams as its	its	PRON	2014	NUM	 2014
The company, however, did not sanction it. The prototype featured multi directional scrolling, more detailed graphics	graphics	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
The first recorded organist of Wells Cathedral was Walter Bagele (or Vageler) in 1416, and the post	post	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tim Lucas has argued that the film had a large impact on many Italian horror films that followed. Lucas	Lucas	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
Staughton LJ, with the rest of the Court in agreement, explained that: the judge should give such	such	ADJ	weight	NOUN	 weight
Writer Al Nickerson believes " that Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created the Spider Man that we are familiar with	with	ADP	today	NOUN	 today
Embodying many of the design elements of the wartime Focke Wulf Ta 183, an unrealized fighter project, the	the	DET	FMA	PROPN	 FMA
" As a sign of the perceived political influence she possessed, in 1838 false rumours suggested that Lehzen had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In 2008, over 8000 Japanese lived in the Düsseldorf area, which features a Japanese school, two kindergartens	kindergartens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For a long time, Madonna had desired to play Perón and even wrote a letter to director Alan Parker	Parker	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Poor communication, combined with the difficulty in correlating globally distinct formations, led to a plethora of different names	names	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Diageo attributed the growth in no small part to the positive reception garnered by noitulovE. As one of the most	most	ADV	recognisable	ADJ	 recognisable
" Thus, Hazlitt could declare, " It is we who are Hamlet. " Hazlitt incorporated into this	this	DET	chapter	NOUN	 chapter
Del Potro's height allows him to get a powerful first serve, often clocked in the mid 130s,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The National Lawyers Guild provided some lawyers to the defendants, but in 1953 Attorney General Herbert Brownell, Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	threatened	VERB	 threatened
In 1771, in alliance with Ali Bey al Kabir of Egypt Eyalet and with backing from the Russian Empire	Empire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There are two new naval units: the " Black Boat ", which can repair and resupply any allied	allied	ADJ	unit	NOUN	 unit
Kenny bites the two men and leaves in the middle of the night. The next day Kenny rejoins his	his	PRON	friends	NOUN	 friends
In 2020, construction is expected to begin on completion of the movements between the tollway and I 95,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
It is used in the thermal reactor, and its concentration in natural uranium does not exceed 0.72%.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The influence of the songs on Highway 61 Revisited can be heard in many cover versions. " Like a	a	DET	Rolling	PROPN	 Rolling
He is controversial for his involvement (along with Jerry Krause) in breaking up the championship team by not	not	PART	hiring	VERB	 hiring
It travelled a distance of 409 km in 9.8 seconds during the time it was observed. It was moving	moving	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Other episode ideas come from popular culture. For example, Santa's Little Helper fathering 25 puppies in "	"	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
The council has one annual meeting in July, held in either New York or Geneva. Viewed as separate	separate	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
It was certified gold in June 1990. It reached number six in Canada, three in South Africa,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Raynald became one of the principal supporters of Guy of Lusignan, who married the king's elder sister,	,	PUNCT	Sybilla	PROPN	 Sybilla
When infected by a virus, a host cell is forced to produce many thousands of identical copies of the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
Chamberlain was in his third season in the NBA, having set season scoring records in each of his first	first	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
The episode received generally positive reviews and, according to Nielsen ratings, was seen by 9.8 million households the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
The committee members realised that the resignation of their leading public figure and speaker would mean the end of the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
By the early hours of 24 March units of 21st Army Group had crossed the Rhine against heavy German opposition	opposition	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The same can be said of the US 155 mm howitzer M1 (14,600 meters, 5,800 kilograms) or	or	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The partners go over the hillside and find the dog. They take him to Dr. Banks (Chris McGarry	McGarry	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Without an iron catalyst, the reaction is complete after several hours (~ 7), when no further	further	ADJ	weight	NOUN	 weight
In October 1943, shortly before Scharnhorst's last mission, Hüffmeier was replaced by KzS Fritz Hintze, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On the afternoon of September 13, major British movement started as the warships Roebuck and Phoenix, along with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, I was able to spend some time with Anne, a great technical advisor we had on set	set	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Charles Johnson wrote that Bonnet's visibly disintegrating mind moved many Carolinians to pity, particularly the female population,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Immediately after the goal, Henry was replaced by Seydou Keita, allowing Barcelona to adopt a more defensive stance	stance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The overall form of the structure was of a fortified hall house, much like the Norman era hall keeps	keeps	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
At the end of Game 1, Orlando's Nick Anderson stripped Jordan from behind, leading to the game	game	NOUN	winning	VERB	 winning
Compared to the rest of the house, this wing has lower ceilings, smaller windows, and less exterior	exterior	ADJ	trim	NOUN	 trim
The couple had two sons, D ' Andrea (Danny, born 1954) and Daegal (Dae,	,	PUNCT	born	VERB	 born
The following year, a service through Guildford commenced. The tough conditions of the mail route saw a different	different	ADJ	contractor	NOUN	 contractor
Most puffin colonies are on small islands, and this is no coincidence as it avoids predation by ground based	based	VERB	mammals	NOUN	 mammals
" Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " re entered the United Kingdom charts on July 4, 2009 and	and	CCONJ	peaked	VERB	 peaked
Clinton showed good humor and sent Hartman a signed photo with the text: " You're not the president	president	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The effective range proved to be only 1,530 nmi (2,830 km; 1,760 mi) at 19 knots.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It should not be confused with the identically named The Footy Show based on Australian rules football, which is	is	AUX	targeted	VERB	 targeted
Harrison's original vocal appears to have been acceptable, according to notes written by Spector in August, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Icehouse / Flowers featured on Triple M's 2007 Essential Countdown with 14 songs including: " Great Southern Land	Land	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Monti is buried in section 11, site 38 of the Massachusetts National Cemetery in Bourne, Massachusetts. The	The	DET	Army	PROPN	 Army
According to Bowie, " I got some quite extraordinary things out of Earl Slick. I think it captured	captured	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Meanwhile, in the Terra Prime headquarters on the Moon, John Frederick Paxton and Doctor Mercer discuss the child	child	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This enabled the use of animations depicting a variety of movements and facial expressions. Though it was not the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
As examples of this content were in a milder form for Persona, the restrictions did not apply. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
At the 1927 election, with the abandonment of proportional representation, he won the new seat of Tenterfield unopposed	unopposed	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The spore print is white, and the subglobose to ovoid to subellipsoid, amyloid spores are 9 – 14	14	NUM	x	SYM	 x
The song includes a reference to Stefani's fashion line, with Stefani going, " They like the way	way	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Two short lived tornadoes touched down in North Carolina from Earl. The first, an F0, damaged at	at	ADP	least	ADV	 least
In 1904, finally, Alfred Lyttelton, Chamberlain's successor refused assent, citing Clarke's reports and an	an	DET	ordinance	NOUN	 ordinance
Albania and Italy determined their sea border in 1992 according to the equidistance principle. Following Croatian EU membership,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The trial issues of Science Fiction Stories in 1953 and 1954 were competent but unremarkable, with stories by some	some	DET	popular	ADJ	 popular
They were brought forward from Finschhafen early in December where they had been undertaking garrison duties and on 5 December	December	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Damage in and around Tampico totaled over $10 million, and the storm killed over 184 people. The	The	DET	thousands	NOUN	 thousands
Clifford Backman argues that it is a mistake to see the economic history of Sicily in terms of victimization,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A pick up and drop off point with motorcycle parking and a turning circle is situated between the car park	park	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He finally had two of his paintings accepted for exhibition — Telemachus Rescues Antiope from the Fury of the Wild	Wild	PROPN	Boar	PROPN	 Boar
Kor and Jadzia leave the compound as the Klingon sings a song to his fallen comrades. " Blood Oath	Oath	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Out of the thirty two countries that have participated at least once, two (Belarus and the Netherlands)	)	PUNCT	have	AUX	 have
The album was compiled by Yu Hong Ishikawa and Kushiro Negishi. In 1998, Sunsoft obtained the license for	for	ADP	it	PRON	 it
She was the 248th liberty ship authorized by the United States Maritime Commission and was named in honor of Samuel	Samuel	PROPN	Huntington	PROPN	 Huntington
On 15 June 1994, Holland briefed the new wing commander, Colonel William Brooks, on the proposed flight	flight	NOUN	plan	NOUN	 plan
Following the 11th United Nations Climate Change Convention in Buenos Aires in December 2004, Hareide spoke out against the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The Reformation in England was a less radical movement than its Continental counterparts, but there was a definite breach	breach	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Mafioso Joseph Bonanno later described as a key incident in starting the Castellammarese War in New York City. Masseria	Masseria	PROPN	openly	ADV	 openly
However, the largest strand was a series of bands that emerged from 1966 from the British blues scene,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
She was buried on 15 March in the churchyard of St. Michael's, the local parish church. Members	Members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Southern Accent is a weekly student run newspaper that has been the voice of Southern students since 1926 and	and	CCONJ	gives	VERB	 gives
In a caucus meeting, in response to a request from Aberhart that he " [assure] us that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
During the 1940s and 1950s, television signals were sent between stations via coaxial cable and microwave links which were	were	AUX	owned	VERB	 owned
(Otherwise, Pope Callixtus II calls Eystein " Aistano " in a letter.) The existence of a	a	DET	now	ADV	 now
Arriving in Rome on 6 May 44 BC, Octavian found consul Mark Antony, Caesar's former colleague,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Waxy did not race at the age of two years, and his first turf appearance was at the spring	spring	NOUN	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
By this time Norman was escorting convoys in the Pacific, before deploying to the South Atlantic for anti submarine	submarine	NOUN	duties	NOUN	 duties
Just west of Cato village, NY 370 enters nearby Ira and the town of Cato. The route continues	continues	VERB	along	ADP	 along
The castle was one of four fortifications that William Fitzwilliam, the Lord Admiral, and William Paulet recommended building	building	NOUN	to	PART	 to
A smaller format edition with additional photographs followed two years later. Asakusa Portraits (2008) is a large	large	ADJ	collection	NOUN	 collection
The main battery gun turrets had 18 inch (460 mm) thick faces, and the supporting barbettes had	had	VERB	13	NUM	 13
Cuba is a very diverse country. You walk out into the street, and you not only find diversity	diversity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In between his journeys, Waugh worked intermittently on Helena, a long planned novel about the discoverer of the	the	DET	True	PROPN	 True
Henry joined the faction with Farooq, The Rock, Kama Mustafa, and D ' Lo Brown on January	January	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
In his History of the State of Georgia from 1850 to 1881, the historian I.W. Avery remarks: In	In	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The vervet monkey has a black face with a white fringe of hair, while the overall hair color is	is	AUX	mostly	ADV	 mostly
On the other hand, this mixed technique is already present in the 3rd century AD aqueduct of Aspendos,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In May 1942 the Australian Minister for External Affairs H.V. " Doc " Evatt travelled to the United States and	and	CCONJ	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
Cave 26 This is plain cave located below cave 6, which is a chaitya (chapel) cave.	.	PUNCT	Cave	VERB	 Cave
Later that year he established Boston's Temple Number 11; in March 1954, he expanded Temple Number 12	12	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The United States Navy also converted two battlecruiser hulls into aircraft carriers in the wake of the Washington Treaty:	:	PUNCT	USS	PROPN	 USS
In August 2012, Cecil said that he and Revolution were trying to " find the right partner " to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
The release of the single on 8 January 2001 was coupled with a signing session at London's now defunct	defunct	ADJ	Tower	PROPN	 Tower
Following the normal pattern of alternating assignments afloat and ashore, Kinkaid was posted to a shore billet as the	the	DET	Chief	PROPN	 Chief
The Hogwarts Express soft opened to the public on 1 July 2014 before officially opening seven days later along with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Team Goh also took part in the race with an ex Van Merksteijn Motorsport car. CytoSport announced in February	February	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
This juxtaposition of Christmas with urban homeless alcoholism was revisited by Drummond and Cauty's later arts project, the	the	DET	K	PROPN	 K
By the completion of the Cuban Literacy Campaign, 707,212 adults had been taught to read and write, raising	raising	VERB	the	DET	 the
The turning point came in the second innings of this match, as the West Indies were bowled out for	for	ADP	54	NUM	 54
Additionally, his business partner Nick arrives and fires Mark. In his anger and rush to leave, he	he	PRON	smashes	VERB	 smashes
A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he joined the Power midway in the 2014 – 15 season, a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Telephone service remained working after the storm, due to most lines being underground. Strong waves washed away a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
However, the writers wanted a different kind of believer character to contrast with the sceptical nature of John Doggett	Doggett	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During the war the efforts of Filipino and American defenders during the Battle of Bataan were widely covered by the	the	DET	press	NOUN	 press
She entered port at Guantanamo the next day, and took part in fleet maneuvers until 10 April, after	after	ADP	which	PRON	 which
As work was being finished on Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VII, Nomura voiced his wish to create a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
It was written by Samuel Barnes, Scott La Rock, Makeba Riddick, Jean Claude Oliver, Lawrence Parker	Parker	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A Long Night at Camp Blood was the working title Victor Miller used while he drafted a script, but	but	CCONJ	Cunningham	PROPN	 Cunningham
He also noted the influence of Avril Lavigne on the song. Billboard gave a mixed review, also commenting	commenting	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Peaking at number one the second week on the Finnish Singles Chart and charting for 21 weeks, the single	single	ADJ	sold	VERB	 sold
The only exception was Webster, who remained to finalize what became the 1842 Webster – Ashburton Treaty, and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
The original manuscript for Messiah is now held in the British Library's music collection. At the end of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Shifting south to Charleston, South Carolina, the Matoika embarked 2,200 former German prisoners of war (POWs)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The party was an " annual club feast and dance ", which attracted a large attendance. She met	met	VERB	her	PRON	 her
The first attack on Worcester itself occurred in late 1139, when an Angevin army from Gloucestershire assaulted the city	city	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The average temperature is 10° C (50° F) or lower throughout the year. The coldest	coldest	ADJ	months	NOUN	 months
Lochner was re elected for a second term in the winter of 1450 – 51, but died in office	office	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One urban district, South Hornsey, was an exclave of Middlesex within the County of London until 1900,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
“ As I recall, we got toward the end of the season and we had to write another episode	episode	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Census officials traveled throughout the empire, assessed the value of labor and land for each landowner, and joined	joined	VERB	the	DET	 the
The " Adult Contemporary Easy Listening Version " of the song was supposed to appear on the Illinois album,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
When the writer William Plomer was proof reading the manuscript he saw literary merit, and wrote to Fleming that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Television critics were largely positive towards the episode, particularly Carell's " Prison Mike " sequence as well as	as	ADP	Helms	PROPN	 Helms
In actuality the season exceeded these limits slightly with the formation of Tropical Depression One E on May 13 and	and	CCONJ	ended	VERB	 ended
Wright appeared before magistrates in Ipswich on 22 December 2006 and was remanded in custody. On 2 January 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was founded in 1947 by combining the American Council on Public Relations and the National Association of Public Relations	Relations	PROPN	Councils	PROPN	 Councils
Many of Hay's friends were unenthusiastic about Blaine's candidacy, to Hay's anger, and he wrote	wrote	VERB	to	PART	 to
The latter coveted the post, viewing himself as the rightful heir to the office that had been held by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The Marine Prediction Center issued some marine gale and storm warnings offshore, while the National Weather Service issued gale	gale	NOUN	warnings	NOUN	 warnings
Vegetius writing in the 4th century says that " Venetian blue " (bluish green, the same color as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The group then spent the next 72 hours working non stop on the demo, which copied Super Mario Bros.	Bros.	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
These continuous continental scale ice sheets, 3 km (1.9 mi) or more in thickness, cap much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Scott placed greater emphasis on the former journey than on the latter: " Whilst the object of your third	third	ADJ	journey	NOUN	 journey
Anastasia's supposed escape and possible survival was one of the most popular historical mysteries of the 20th century,	,	PUNCT	provoking	VERB	 provoking
Anet suffered a dislocated finger and was held out of the second game against Washington, which took place the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
After a prolonged absence, during which Crawford was accused of feigning illness, Aldrich was forced to replace her	her	PRON	with	ADP	 with
In addition to retro reflective markings, some services now have the vehicles painted in a bright (sometimes fluorescent	fluorescent	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
" The respective forces of the royal and baronial armies have been estimated to be 10,000 and 5,000 strong.	.	PUNCT	Montfort	NOUN	 Montfort
The player can select from four difficulty levels: Walk on the Beach, Combat Op, Suicide Mission,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Under certain circumstances the disk, which can now be called protoplanetary, may give birth to a planetary system	system	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mrs Rundell has been called " the original domestic goddess " and her book " a publishing sensation " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The work was tedious, and Duckworth immediately abandoned his post when news of attack by Allemand's squadron reached	reached	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He recovered, and later in 1807, made a series of tours of England. In summer 1808,	,	PUNCT	Lambert	PROPN	 Lambert
Nearly all puzzles provide immediate feedback if they have been solved correctly or not through sound effects or visual indication	indication	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The video is presented in 4: 3 aspect ratio, with the widescreen videos windowboxed. Douglas Wolk from	from	ADP	Pitchfork	PROPN	 Pitchfork
The nave and aisles extend eastwards from the tower. Outside, parts of the aisles are highly decorated;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
An important feature of this high rhetorical style of formal oratory was the use of parallelism, whereby the orator	orator	NOUN	structured	VERB	 structured
This technique has also produced the neutral molecule He2, which has a large number of band systems, and	and	CCONJ	HgHe	PROPN	 HgHe
As a result of Dan Brown's best selling 2003 conspiracy fiction novel The Da Vinci Code and the subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	2006	NUM	 2006
Oblivion is set after the events of The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, though it is not a direct	direct	ADJ	sequel	NOUN	 sequel
According to Chinese state officials, the quake caused 69,180 known deaths including 68,636 in Sichuan province; 18,498 people	people	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In the preliminary card's final match, Melvin Guillard faced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt Fabrício Camões. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	being	AUX	 being
Dunnington presumably returned to his naval duties and the Ponchartrain. A " Summary of the Work Done for November	November	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Comoros subsequently became a key location for Rhodesian " sanction busting " operations, providing a convenient end user	user	NOUN	certificate	NOUN	 certificate
A party from the Norwegian Labour Service arrived at the crash site shortly afterwards and helped tend to the injured	injured	VERB	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
The song's main message is offered in its middle eight: All things must pass None of life's	's	PART	strings	NOUN	 strings
Chief Justice Melville Fuller, for a unanimous Court, dismissed the writ of error, relying on the adequate	adequate	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In its late period, the maritime fur trade was largely conducted by the British Hudson's Bay Company and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Of the 31,380 square kilometres (12,120 sq mi) of forest in Britain, around 30% is publicly	publicly	ADV	owned	VERB	 owned
In mid 1891 Lionel Johnson introduced Wilde to Lord Alfred Douglas, an undergraduate at Oxford at the time.	.	PUNCT	Known	VERB	 Known
Intended as a memorial to the assassinated President John F. Kennedy, it was authorized by Congress just over a	a	PRON	month	NOUN	 month
One side always has to lose a final, just as one wins. " Despite their success, Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Similarly, Felson sells his soul and betrays the one person who really knows and loves him in a Faustian	Faustian	ADJ	pact	NOUN	 pact
It is symbolically applied to thy forehead and thy other senses and while thy body is anointed with visible ointment	ointment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 1873 law also prescribed a detailed procedure for taking samples from each delivery by that mint's Coiner,	,	PUNCT	sealing	VERB	 sealing
They eventually partnered with THQ for Evolve, which would serve as the game's publisher and help with funding	funding	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
East Timor, however, remained poor following centuries of Portuguese colonial neglect and Indonesian critic George Aditjondro points out	out	ADP	that	SCONJ	 that
A 2002 juror survey showed that viewers of the popular court show Judge Judy were greatly misinformed about the purpose	purpose	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
See also renewable energy in the United States for US figures. Renewable energy technologies are getting cheaper, through	through	ADP	technological	ADJ	 technological
Dr. Schultze also served in the British Diplomatic Service. Clayton and his wife had one child, Bessie Clayton	Clayton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On the coast the 52nd (Lowland) Division was fought a fierce action after crossing the Wadi el Hesi	Hesi	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Motley finished the year with 444 yards of rushing and 4.3 yards per carry, a career low. The	The	DET	Browns	PROPN	 Browns
Hyun jun and Seung hee took the opportunity to secretly fly off to Akita Japan for a romantic winter escape	escape	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
The next day, he claimed another R 5 and two Mikoyan Gurevich MiG 1 fighters. On 12 July	July	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Amiga Computing stated that " Lemmings is absolutely brilliant. Psygnosis have managed to produce a game that is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
Longfellow spent several years translating Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy. To aid him in perfecting the translation and reviewing	reviewing	VERB	proofs	NOUN	 proofs
Coakley's cross examinations began with an attempt to have the signed statements admitted as evidence. Veltmann objected that	that	SCONJ	each	DET	 each
Peyrou was a visitor from at the École Polytechnique, where he had obtained an accurate value of the muon	muon	NOUN	mass	NOUN	 mass
At another performance in San Francisco that month, the audience began shouting out lyrics when Smith could not remember	remember	VERB	them	PRON	 them
With the German invasion of Poland in September 1939, although still following a policy of neutrality, the Belgian	Belgian	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
Type Ib / c and II L, and possibly most type IIn, supernovae are only thought to be	be	AUX	produced	VERB	 produced
In total, he played in just 44 games for the Red Sox, with only 15 games in the	the	DET	outfield	NOUN	 outfield
There, on one occasion he saw a performance of Giuseppe Verdi's Il Trovatore by Italian tenor, Pietro	Pietro	PROPN	Baccei	PROPN	 Baccei
" The wind is said to have blown the fire back towards the Mercians, deterring them from further attempts	attempts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The 193 by 57 feet (58.8 by 17.4 m) landing deck required the removal of Nos. 5	5	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
In a hard fought contest, Stephen Lee defeated King 5 – 4. The other winners were Carter,	,	PUNCT	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
The scene that best exemplifies this trait is when Mulder attempts to comfort Amy's mother following her daughter's	's	PART	kidnapping	NOUN	 kidnapping
" The Greatest Story Never Told " is a cue used regularly in the second half of the fourth series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the end of series five, Red Dwarf itself is stolen by persons unknown, forcing the crew to	to	PART	travel	VERB	 travel
In February 1984 they were invited to play on popular music show " The Tube ", being introduced by	by	ADP	presenter	NOUN	 presenter
On the accession of George I in 1714, Caroline's husband automatically became Duke of Cornwall and Duke of	of	ADP	Rothesay	PROPN	 Rothesay
Twenty Mustangs owned by the Bureau of Land Management were introduced in 1939. Arabian blood was added in the	the	DET	hopes	NOUN	 hopes
On his return to the side, Cresswell came on as a substitute and scored a header in United's	's	PART	5	NUM	 5
The House of Commons, along with its library and committee rooms, the official residence of the Clerk of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Earth and the Moon are nevertheless still considered a planet – satellite system, rather than a double planet,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Hobbs accepted an invitation to tour South Africa that winter with the MCC. The cricketing conditions were challenging:	:	PUNCT	matches	NOUN	 matches
As a junior at suburban Dormont High School, he was the 200 meter dash state champion. Paul went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
First published in 1993 by Wizards of the Coast, Magic was the first trading card game produced and it	it	PRON	continues	VERB	 continues
He came into the 2010 Australian Open with the injury not healed, and was forced to take a month	month	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
Depot Town's newest restaurant MAIZ Mexican Cantina opened June 2014 serving fresh from scratch Mexican fare complimenting the other	other	ADJ	institutions	NOUN	 institutions
He was promoted to captain on 20 October, major on 13 February 1943, and lieutenant colonel on 27	27	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
The change to singing " Back Home Again in Indiana " at public events continued in the following years,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After seeing a picture of a happy Beth and Puck, Quinn breaks down. She resumes her normal appearance	appearance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Accounts of subsequent events differ, but the magazine doors had been closed and the magazine flooded when the smouldering	smouldering	VERB	fire	NOUN	 fire
When psoriasis involves the oral mucosa (the lining of the mouth), it may be asymptomatic, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Ethylene glycol, often used as an automotive antifreeze, is particularly appealing to cats, and as little as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Natasha Lyonne stars as Megan Bloomfield, a high school cheerleader whose parents send her to a residential inpatient conversion	conversion	NOUN	therapy	NOUN	 therapy
During the 2008 – 09 season, Kesler began adding a more offensive component to his game and was moved	moved	VERB	up	ADV	 up
A weak system, the wave was barely identifiable as it tracked westward. By July 26, the wave	wave	NOUN	entered	VERB	 entered
Dr. Elma Linton Sandford Morgan (22 February 1890 –), author of ABC of Mothercraft, was appointed	appointed	VERB	medical	ADJ	 medical
As such, arbitrage opportunities are fleeting. In order for this equilibrium to hold under differences in interest rates	rates	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Tech's drive covered 80 yards in 12 plays and 4: 56 of game time. The Cornhuskers '	'	PART	offense	NOUN	 offense
We shouldn't have all these campaigns to get the Birmingham Six released if they'd been hanged. They	They	PRON	'd	AUX	'd
This decision pleased the Australians, who regarded Hutton as their most formidable opponent with the bat. On the	the	DET	field	NOUN	 field
The book includes a foreword by his Cloud Nine co producer, Jeff Lynne, and a written contribution from	from	ADP	Elton	PROPN	 Elton
Removal of the iconic Jacobs Field sign on the front of the building began the morning of January 18,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The castle is accessed via a high bridge, which replaced an earlier drawbridge. Roslin was renovated in the	the	DET	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
In addition to the loudness of the band's crew, the Dublin City Council decided to withhold the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
It is less vigorous than the parent plant. It was initially promoted as ' Light Shade of Pale '	'	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 2012, Elizabeth II, as Queen of the United Kingdom, opened the London Summer Olympics with the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
A five yard false start penalty pushed the Tech offense back five yards, but a long run by quarterback	quarterback	NOUN	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
Similarly, MOFA said that 58 maps from the British Library and the University of Cambridge showed 86 percent used	used	VERB	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
Her twin six inch gun turrets were removed and replaced by half a dozen eight inch guns on pedestal mounts	mounts	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The Del Mar Conservancy suit continued, and the plaintiffs requested a court order to stop construction. This lawsuit	lawsuit	NOUN	claimed	VERB	 claimed
He discovered the music of Christian rock singer songwriter Larry Norman at 13 when Norman played at a religious summer	summer	NOUN	camp	NOUN	 camp
Retreating columns of the Yildirim Army Group were attacked during the battle for the Jisr ed Damieh bridge, and	and	CCONJ	several	ADJ	 several
Poor performances in the big games, however, blighted Arsenal's title credentials; a 5 – 1 defeat	defeat	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Japan is the largest foreign holder of U.S. public debt. The largest holder of the U.S. debt are American	American	ADJ	entities	NOUN	 entities
This shows that they pre date the Irish Water Spaniel which was not developed as a breed until the 1830s	1830s	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
O'Neal, the last reserve called during the player introduction, came out with a white mask and began dancing	dancing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
At 5° C the solubility increases to 9.0 mL (50% more than at 25° C)	)	PUNCT	per	ADP	 per
, after weeks of vignettes hyping his return. He attacked The Undertaker after a World Heavyweight Championship steel cage	cage	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
In this sense, it can be argued that all observation is theory laden. Should science aim to determine	determine	VERB	ultimate	ADJ	 ultimate
Still, playoff failures and Butch Carter's media altercations surrounding Camby led Grunwald to replace Carter prior to the	the	DET	2000	NUM	 2000
The School for Love (1951) is the tale of an orphaned boy's journey of disillusionment in a	a	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Oleander is not found in the UK every year, and the larva have never been recorded in the Britain	Britain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is in an isolated location, five miles (8 km) south of Wooler in the Cheviot Hills	Hills	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The hospital was the favorite charity of those on the Social Register. The ballroom filled with many of New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
It was only after the French annexation of 1795 that the territory became a single entity. In the 1830s	1830s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Erin Martell of AOL's TV Squad called " Something Nice Back Home " " a break after last	last	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
On the August 17 episode of Raw, Triple H and Michaels officially reunited as DX, but as they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Author and sportsman Richard Alden Knight praised the novel, stating that it " surpasses any writing I have ever	ever	ADV	encountered	VERB	 encountered
The same authors released a software package called PRANK in 2008. PRANK improves alignments when insertions are present.	.	PUNCT	Nevertheless	ADV	 Nevertheless
The series was conceived when Nesbitt was working on Playing the Field; he and producer Greg Brenman approached author	author	NOUN	Colin	PROPN	 Colin
" Some territories " clearly refers to his rule over Dvin, known from other sources, meaning that he	he	PRON	became	VERB	 became
In 1816 – 17, after an ill fated business venture and three years of crop failures, the Smith	Smith	PROPN	family	NOUN	 family
When Vidhyadhari realises she has been cheated and is married to a farmhand, she prays to the goddess Kali	Kali	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Former Atomic Kitten member Heidi Range was announced as Donaghy's replacement, and the Sugababes subsequently signed to Island	Island	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
Shapers rely on their creations for protection. Every character class is referred to as " Shaper " in game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Anthony Davidson missed out on the second session of qualifying, putting his Super Aguri in 17th position, 3	3	NUM	places	NOUN	 places
Top 10 professional prospects list Athlon Sports second team All Big 12 Texas ’ 2007 recruiting class was rated by	by	ADP	Scout.com	PROPN	 Scout.com
Du Bois played a leading role, drafting a letter (" Address to the Nations of the World "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
In the House of Commons on 8 May 1940, the day following Lansbury's death, Chamberlain said of	of	ADP	him	PRON	 him
This means that wasps are paraphyletic with respect to bees and ants, and that all three groups are descended	descended	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Catherine's mother was Jelena, daughter of Zeta's lord Balša III and the first of Stjepan's three	three	NUM	wives	NOUN	 wives
Pauline Fowler is one of the original twenty three characters invented by the creators of EastEnders, Tony Holland (	(	PUNCT	1940	NUM	1940
Crackdown was critically acclaimed by game critics who praised the open world approach. Reviewers commented highly on the graphics	graphics	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Third Way reviewer Roland Howard described it as " haunting and melodic ", believing it to be about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
The remainder of 5th Light Horse Regiment arrived at Duidar at 13: 30 and took up the pursuit.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Scat collected and analyzed from both Andohahela and Andringitra contained lemur matter and rodents. Eastern populations in Andringitra incorporate	incorporate	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some of the engineers fired on the E Company men before the latter identified themselves. The E Company platoon	platoon	NOUN	went	VERB	 went
The family lived in Phillip Street in central Sydney. Garran's mother " had a deep distrust, well	well	ADV	justified	VERB	 justified
With seven goals and seven assists over the final seven games of the season, Kariya was named NHL Player	Player	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Each of his friends has a different problem of his / her own, so he sets out to help	help	VERB	them	PRON	 them
After the 2001 season, the team owners voted in favor of contraction. Several MLB teams had been considered	considered	VERB	for	ADP	 for
RSA contacted the advertising agency Droga5, under whom Under Armour is a client. Droga5 ultimately collaborated with WME	WME	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, this may also be disadvantageous to the Javan rhino population, because any catastrophic diseases or tsunamis could	could	AUX	wipe	VERB	 wipe
The album was released again in 2016 by Ship to Shore as a set of two vinyl LP records,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Reversing matter, also described as " retro metabolism ", allows the Mysterons to re create the likeness of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
See also: Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium, Mountaineer Field (1924) Since 1891, the Mountaineers	Mountaineers	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
We finished our two song set, and the crowd... didn't cheer or boo. They just stood	stood	VERB	there	ADV	 there
The work concludes with the closing seventh stanza of Adam Reusner's hymn " In dich hab ich gehoffet,	,	PUNCT	Herr	PROPN	 Herr
The Lord Mayor opened the first part of the new works on 28 October 1909, and Sheffield Council increased	increased	VERB	the	DET	 the
Seacole made a point of wearing brightly coloured, and highly conspicuous, clothing — often bright blue, or	or	CCONJ	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
Charters dating from Coenwulf's reign have survived; these were documents granting land to followers or to churchmen and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
A drafted player, either an international draftee or a college draftee who isn't signed by the team that	that	PRON	drafted	VERB	 drafted
The 15th Sustainment Brigade was the first element of the 1st Cavalry Division to return to Iraq and assumed control	control	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
After defeating the Veientes, the Romans had effectively completed the conquest of their immediate Etruscan neighbours, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Custom and tradition are the most frequently cited reasons for FGM, with some cultures believing that not performing it	it	PRON	has	VERB	 has
There were difficulties in casting initially, and the character changed from one who was intended to be " spooky	spooky	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The feet were missing, and the skull was found in an unusual propped up position, consistent with the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
The ships carried between 170 to 205 t (167 to 202 long tons; 187 to 226 short tons	tons	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Instead of using conferences or player nationalities as in the past, teams were selected by captains in a fantasy	fantasy	NOUN	draft	NOUN	 draft
The system was fully absorbed by the front later that day. The newly absorbed system would separate from the	the	DET	dissolving	VERB	 dissolving
Beyoncé said that the video did not turn out the way she wanted it to be and she had to	to	PART	reshoot	VERB	 reshoot
The game was released by Sunsoft in Japan as Chô Wakusei Senki Metafight (also simply called Metafight or Meta	Meta	PROPN	Fight	PROPN	 Fight
Thus, it is illegal for a decision maker to abdicate its responsibility of exercising power by taking orders from	from	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
It took over a 16,000 yards (15,000 m) front on the Naktong River without its 3rd Battalion which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The structure was made a Scheduled Ancient Monument in 1997, giving Maiden Castle protection against unauthorised change; it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
However, they discover that the conversations are just old propaganda recordings of the deceased Albanian communist dictator Enver Hoxha	Hoxha	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The group of taken to Ovčara consisted of 261 people. Sources disagree as to whether the group included one	one	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The German ships would meanwhile be obscured against the Chilean coast, making the task of the British gunners more	more	ADV	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
They created a separate ecosystem generator over the course of two man years of work. The alien names were	were	AUX	created	VERB	 created
Shortly after this episode was broadcast, NBC announced their decision to cancel Awake, due to declining ratings.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Several million Eastern Nigerians died from the pogroms against them, such as the 1966 anti Igbo pogrom where between	between	ADP	10,000	NUM	 10,000
If a breakthrough did occur the briefest delay in bringing up the panzer divisions would give the Red Army time	time	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Both the Strokes and the White Stripes obtained their initial commercial success in the UK, before achieving recognition in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 24 July 2013, it was reported that Bayern had become the first German club with over 200,000 members	members	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The period post 9 / 11 had sent the business into a downturn. Passenger numbers were drying up due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Bardas Skleros and his men were consequently withdrawn to Asia Minor, whilst Sviatoslav restricted his forces to the north	north	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Queen stated that " It is surely appropriate that this should be positioned in The Mall - an area	area	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He generated headlines by proposing that 15% of Canadian spending on US imports instead be spent on imports from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Home " has continued to receive positive reviews. In a 2011 review, Todd VanDerWerff from The A.V.	A.V.	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
According to Kristó, the legends refer to a plot in which Vazul participated and his mutilation was a punishment	punishment	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Likewise, this species has a toxic bite, a unique feature found only in slow lorises among primates.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Robert Florey and Slavko Vorkapić, who met after Florey attended one of Vorkapić's American Society of Cinematographers lectures	lectures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Original Sound Version named the concert as the best of the year for 2011 in their year end awards.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
A native of Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire, he began his political career in 1780, eventually becoming the	the	DET	independent	ADJ	 independent
Tidal distortions of the mass donor and the mass gainer are both clearly visible. The wave character of matter	matter	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
In December 2006 the band released a Christmas charity song, " A Great Big Sled ", which benefited	benefited	VERB	Product	PROPN	 Product
" The 14th National Congress, in 1992, strengthened CCDI and local CDI investigative powers. According to the	the	DET	amended	VERB	 amended
Along the way, 352.39 miles (567.12 km) of the route lies within the state of Oklahoma.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Batavia became home to the largest Chinese community in the archipelago and remains so in the 21st century. Coen	Coen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In October that year, during Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Powderfinger performed another concert on the steps of the	the	DET	Sydney	PROPN	 Sydney
These formations are all primarily made of sandstone, but also contain conglomerate, shale, and siltstone. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The song stayed on the chart for total of 19 weeks. In Europe, the single entered on six	six	NUM	national	ADJ	 national
The Canadian government has often been described as the instigator of multicultural ideology because of its public emphasis on the	the	DET	social	ADJ	 social
Thirty four stations offer reserved parking, with customers purchasing permits to park in specified spaces. Three Metrorail stations	stations	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Cartman gets depressed, as he does not have the money. In the meantime, Kyle, Stan and	and	CCONJ	Kenny	PROPN	 Kenny
" Fatigue from the South African tour affected Hobbs in 1910. He scored 1,982 runs at an average of	of	ADP	33.03	NUM	 33.03
The supercharged version continued until it was discontinued after 2007 for a more economical turbocharged 2.0 L engine producing 260	260	NUM	hp	PROPN	 hp
At 1200 UTC on 28 March, the JTWC classified Glenda with peak winds of 260 km / h (	(	PUNCT	160	NUM	160
More recently, the polarization properties of weather radar returns have been analyzed to differentiate between hail and heavy rain	rain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He therefore ordered a change of course, almost due west towards Godthaab (now Nuuk), a shorter	shorter	ADJ	journey	NOUN	 journey
However, by the early 1990s and the popularity of 16 bit consoles, the scrolling shooter genre was overcrowded	overcrowded	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The next season began badly for Kippax. Playing in a minor match at Parkes (in rural NSW)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
It was released on December 15, 1999 as the final single from... Baby One More Time. "	"	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Hodgson was reportedly uninjured, as Vigneault told media he was kept out of the contest for precautionary measures.	.	PUNCT	Ranking	VERB	 Ranking
The signalling system ATC 2 is built for 200 km / h, and could not be adopted for much	much	ADV	more	ADJ	 more
He liked stories about " Red Indians " (Native Americans) and the fantasy works by George MacDonald.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Later, Fletcher was assigned to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and was selected as chairman of the Policy	Policy	PROPN	Subcommittee	PROPN	 Subcommittee
The lowermost contains red ash such as that exposed in the Painted Hills Unit. The layer above it is	is	AUX	mainly	ADV	 mainly
Although the song was originally included on the re release of B ' Day, it was additionally included on	on	ADP	compilation	NOUN	 compilation
The Emmy board also nominated House for Outstanding Drama Series in 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
During the 15th century the economy of Southampton improved as a result of the Italian wool trade and the presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Leaving the pub, Charlie witnesses a woman being accosted by two drunks. He intervenes and is knocked unconscious	unconscious	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Meteorologists predicted that if Hazel merged with the cold front, the storm would not lose intensity, but would	would	AUX	instead	ADV	 instead
At that point, the prequels were only still a series of basic ideas partially pulled from his original drafts	drafts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
ASI maintain an archaeological museum at the Deogarh site, which is noted for its treasured archaeological sculptures. "	"	PUNCT	Deogarh	PROPN	 Deogarh
It achieved the number one spot in its first week, earning £2.5 million ($4.6 million)	)	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
October 2012 saw Hudema in Victoria where he helped craft another mass action this time against tar sands pipelines namely	namely	ADV	Enbridge	PROPN	 Enbridge
A majority of the Privy Council moved out of the Tower before switching their allegiance. Becoming aware of his	his	PRON	colleagues	NOUN	 colleagues
Cooper attended Central Grade School in Helena. In the summer of 1909, Alice, wanting her sons to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
About four hours later, the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Danielle. However, the storm did not	not	PART	dissipate	VERB	 dissipate
Philadelphia's season record was worse than the previous season's franchise low record, and finished in last place	place	NOUN	again	ADV	 again
March 2, 2014 - During the 86th Academy Awards, Ellen DeGeneres posted a selfie of herself and other	other	ADJ	celebrities	NOUN	 celebrities
They were one of the few tribes that actively used the practice of gelding inferior male horses and trading away	away	ADP	poorer	ADJ	 poorer
The story begins in Africa where a dentist bribes miners to smuggle diamonds in their mouths; he extracts the	the	DET	gems	NOUN	 gems
IGN on the other hand noted that " the pacing can be somewhat off ", and " some things	things	NOUN	feel	VERB	 feel
The foundations of a textile industry in Neilston were laid by the monks of Paisley Abbey who mastered the local	local	ADJ	woollen	ADJ	 woollen
For instance, using a binary heap as a priority queue in selection sort leads to the heap sort algorithm	algorithm	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Hence rubber collection was a labour intensive process which made it unpopular with the villagers. Indeed, they preferred	preferred	VERB	the	DET	 the
On January 14, 1780, the regiment participated in a " commando " raid of Staten Island planned in	in	ADP	secrecy	NOUN	 secrecy
The second season garnered more favorable feedback, with Virginia Heffnernan of The New York Times opining that Conrad "	"	PUNCT	now	ADV	 now
The site's historic and cultural significance was recognized in 2001 when UNESCO declared it a World Heritage Site,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Despite this lethargy she managed to publish a second edition of Percy Shelley's prose and began working on another	another	DET	edition	NOUN	 edition
Following her rendition of " I Wanna Be Where You Are ", Beyoncé begins a medley of past Destiny	Destiny	PROPN	's	PART	's
Dukakis, who disowned any knowledge of the Kinnock video, fired John Sasso, his campaign manager and long	long	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Otherwise, he says, " I shall remain with thee in the company of death ". He departs	departs	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Republicans quickly discovered the court packing provision and targeted the bill. Democrats had overwhelming super majorities in Congress,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Under McClellan, Ewing commanded a regiment and then a brigade in the Kanawha Division in the IX Corps.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In his later political career, he became known for wearing a bright red vest and tie. He adopted	adopted	VERB	this	DET	 this
The fur is short, dense and soft in Transandinomys talamancae; in T. bolivaris, it is longer and	and	CCONJ	even	ADV	 even
As a result, more than 1,400 assets (included churches, schools, residential buildings, hospitals, summer	summer	NOUN	camps	NOUN	 camps
Its origins date to 1908, when Sleaford Council School opened at Church Lane to meet the growing demand for	for	ADP	elementary	ADJ	 elementary
The next day, Julie professes her love for Karina by wishing that she was actually a boy, causing	causing	VERB	Stewie	PROPN	 Stewie
He is best known for his association with the period performance orchestra The English Concert which he helped found and	and	CCONJ	directed	VERB	 directed
Aja Romano of The Daily Dot hailed the song as Hercules ' highlight that " satisfies us every time "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In The New Yorker, Penelope Gilliatt said it was " some kind of great film, and an unforgettable	unforgettable	ADJ	endeavor	NOUN	 endeavor
" He praised the visuals and Liam Neeson's performance, and said the duel between Darth Maul and the	the	DET	Jedi	PROPN	 Jedi
His only consolation in this period was the birth of his daughter Galina in 1936; his son Maxim was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
These included exhibitions titled Passage, at Kyoto Seika University in Japan in 1994, and Fragile Objects at the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Furthermore, the absence of the legal discussion and the binding quality of words from the moralitas suggests to Farber	Farber	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
At the age of nine, his football career was put on hold after he received over 50 stitches in	in	ADP	one	NUM	 one
It peaked at number one on the United States Billboard Hot 100 on July 2, 1988, after nine	nine	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Tony leaves with them, and Jim puts on Tony's prop crown, imagining himself in the leading role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Scanlan aimed to represent the creature's genetic lineage, beginning with Shaw and Holloway who produce the Trilobite which	which	PRON	impregnates	VERB	 impregnates
In 2008, USA Today named the island one of the " 10 great places to get your feet back	back	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Smith explained that the 3D technology allowed the team to " [choose] a path for [Bart]	]	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Texas has a large commercial fishing industry. With mineral resources, Texas leads in creating cement, crushed stone	stone	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The A.V. Club critic Hayden Childs wrote that the " best thing about the 500th Simpsons episode is the opening	opening	NOUN	couch	NOUN	 couch
It is estimated that a tropical depression developed at 1200 UTC on that day. The depression headed north northwestward	northwestward	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
He led the Brewers in batting average and slugging percentage, and was second behind Fielder in home runs,	,	PUNCT	runs	NOUN	 runs
As a result, the Heimatflotte was renamed the Hochseeflotte (High Seas Fleet). In 1908, Kaiser	Kaiser	PROPN	Friedrich	PROPN	 Friedrich
Quartermaster John Howard recalled that Steuart performed " seventeen double somersaults " all the while whistling Maryland, My Maryland	Maryland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1911, the partnership of Coghlan, Welsh and Tancred ended when Tancred died. Around the same time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ibuprofen can negate the antiplatelet effect of aspirin used for cardioprotection and stroke prevention. The pharmacological activity of spironolactone	spironolactone	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
" For Ecstasy, he commended her " hard working ethic " in many songs, highlighting the song and	and	CCONJ	concluded	VERB	 concluded
Pierce heard a dog barking outside and looked up to see a small band of Native Americans creeping along the	the	DET	river	NOUN	 river
2: 1952 – 1958; and The Definitive Collection. Marshall Chess arranged for Waters to remake the song	song	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
Production I.G created the anime cutscenes, while Shirogumi Ltd created CGI cutscenes for a separate edition of the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She begins to say something but Jim kisses her, and after hesitating, she returns the kiss. The	The	DET	two	NUM	 two
In 1350 Algirdas contracted a second marriage with Uliana of Tver; he chose their son Jogaila as the next	next	ADJ	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
Under maritime law, ships fall under the jurisdiction of the admiralty courts of their flag country. As Fitzgerald	Fitzgerald	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Mac loses her virginity to Bronson in the episode. However, the writers had initially planned a storyline in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
In 1935 American designer Claire McCardell cut out the side panels of a maillot style bathing suit, the bikini	bikini	NOUN	's	PART	's
The Calverts intended the colony as a haven for Catholics fleeing England and as a source of income for themselves	themselves	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
This was also perhaps the first feature film anywhere to significantly explore the artistic possibilities of joining the motion picture	picture	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Winters in the area are temperate with typical January highs above 60° F (16° C) and	and	CCONJ	lows	NOUN	 lows
In fact, if two nonnegative numbers a and b are of different orders of magnitude, then their sum	sum	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In September 1941, as the strategic situation in the Pacific worsened, the battalion was " called up "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Although the exact nature of his business with the pope is unknown, it was likely connected with the issue	issue	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
This surpassed industry expectations of a $45 million opening, following the disappointing response to the 2003 film.	.	PUNCT	Universal	PROPN	 Universal
A spur route, located completely in Mukilteo, was added to SR 525 in 2001 along the route of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The weight of soil on the remainder of the lid snapped the wood, enabling the robbers to hoist the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
One British major wrote that " [t] he report circulated by those in power is that it was	was	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
Spacey was able to acquire the film rights from Warner Bros. in early 2000. With the help of Dodd	Dodd	PROPN	Darin	PROPN	 Darin
For Final Fantasy XI from 2002, he was joined by Naoshi Mizuta, who composed the majority of the	the	DET	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
Most of the names were based on " Southern puns ", and it took Chun a while to think	think	VERB	of	ADP	 of
JCRs and MCRs each have a committee, with a president and other elected students representing their peers to college	college	NOUN	authorities	NOUN	 authorities
For 15 years, the Brigade served as the principal construction brigade for the United States Army, Europe and	and	CCONJ	7th	PROPN	 7th
The regiment, whose personnel are commonly known as " paras ", specialises in parachute and other types of	of	ADP	airborne	ADJ	 airborne
During the Second Five Year Plan industry grew just 0.1 percent. The 6th Plenum of the Central Committee criticised	criticised	VERB	the	DET	 the
Italy's Idem, who was competing in her 20th world championships, stated that she was just as "	"	PUNCT	...	PUNCT	...
Smith hit one ball past Barnes, narrowly missing his head, but the Australian vowed to continue standing in	in	ADP	close	ADJ	 close
The strong rotating winds of a tropical cyclone are a result of the conservation of angular momentum imparted by the	the	DET	Earth	PROPN	 Earth
Josephine frequently griped about Wyatt ’ s lack of work and financial success and even his character and personality.	.	PUNCT	Wyatt	PROPN	 Wyatt
The middle was much higher than the rest, and the wall of the front was adorned with beams,	,	PUNCT	resting	VERB	 resting
" In 2007, a scene from the episode was highlighted in the scientific journal Nature. On the last	last	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Thus, the term " Lakeshore East " refers only to the components of the new master plan, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Development began in September 2014, when Kasbekar signed Madhvani and Kapoor for a film to be made by Bling	Bling	PROPN	Unplugged	PROPN	 Unplugged
Standardized procedures have been developed which provide an acceptable level of risk in the circumstances for which they are appropriate	appropriate	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
British press for the film was positive; Kim Newman of Monthly Film Bulletin, Richard Cook of NME,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Throughout her run on Charmed, Billie Jenkins received primarily negative critical feedback. A writer for the DVD review	review	NOUN	website	NOUN	 website
The TV Critic gave the episode a rating of 63 / 100, saying that its " good intrigue from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song was certified sextuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Despite not being	being	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Acting as Norwegian president in the Nordic press partnership, he attended the press meetings in Kristiania in 1899 and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The film was shot over 30 days in Baltimore, Maryland and Trenton, New Jersey. Rocket Science premiered	premiered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Once a piñata species has successfully romanced, the player can use a candy shortcut to bypass their original romance	romance	NOUN	requirements	NOUN	 requirements
The remake earned even more critical praise than the original. Bill Janovitz of Allmusic said of the 1976 recording	recording	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The merger was finalised on 3 October 1977 and the New LM was absorbed into the Democrats. Meanwhile,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After this, the road passes to the north of Nanuet, crossing under New Jersey Transit / Metro North	North	PROPN	Railroad	PROPN	 Railroad
Edward Newton noted that he had expected the male would be adorned with a red patch on the wing,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Martin did not appear in the 1944 World Series, playing his final major league game on October 1,	,	PUNCT	1944	NUM	 1944
" In 1781, the astronomer William Herschel was searching the sky for elusive stellar parallaxes, when he observed	observed	VERB	what	PRON	 what
Johansson began dating Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds in 2007, and in May 2008, it was reported that they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The house used as Baskerville Hall for a version of The Hound of the Baskervilles filmed in 2000 for Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	television	NOUN	 television
" In mid October, the Nixon campaign unveiled an advertisement which foreshadowed his run for Senate four years later	later	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
First, it might be justified directly, with reference to the interests of animals. This relies upon the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
As an adult she was adopted into the Saigō clan, so she was permitted to use the surname.	.	PUNCT	Later	ADV	 Later
A report was produced, which formed the basis for the Deeping Fen Act of 1801. The channel of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2015, Bush had several speaking arrangements on issues relating to her husband's presidency. In April 2015	2015	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Scelidosaurus was quadrupedal, with the hindlimbs longer than the forelimbs. It may have reared up on its hind	hind	NOUN	legs	NOUN	 legs
Traditionally, the writing of the gospels has been attributed to four evangelists with close ties to Jesus: Mark	Mark	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
All of them ranked as only F0 on the Fujita scale. The worst twister occurred in Indian River County	County	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is common for Cincinnatians to describe it starting with, " Well, it's not really chili...	...	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Although Fanny and William now had two children, Fanny refused to conform to the socially accepted role of a	a	DET	wife	NOUN	 wife
The frustration of my own muscles by things, and the alarming superiority of machinery started the notion of a	a	DET	man	NOUN	 man
Further attempts by the British to advance were easily stopped by the Germans and at 4: 10 p.m. a	a	DET	German	ADJ	 German
In one action on 4 December, Little and Goble " fought like mad " against a large formation of	of	ADP	German	ADJ	 German
However, the Americans suffered significant casualties during their ' invasion ' – 313 men died as a result of	of	ADP	accidents	NOUN	 accidents
After beginning a dive bombing run and getting hit, he entered into a controlled dive and destroyed a Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	gun	NOUN	 gun
The group went on a subsequent tour with labelmates Guns N ' Roses (who have cited Aerosmith as a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Cracker Barrel has also formed a partnership with the Wounded Warrior Project, a charity for injured veterans. In	In	ADP	attempts	NOUN	 attempts
According to Billboard magazine, Jive's mother company Sony BMG offered 71 distinct products to tie in with FutureSex	FutureSex	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Only the aisless choir and tall square tower survive. Its detailing derives from work on a church at Wharram	Wharram	PROPN	le	X	 le
The neuter suffix -ium is used in Latin placenames, particularly those representing Common Brittonic -ion (a genitive suffix	suffix	NOUN	denoting	VERB	 denoting
The ground breaking was held on December 19, 2008. ONEOK bought the naming rights for 10 million for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mills Library houses the humanities and social sciences collections, with a wide range of print and digital resources.	.	PUNCT	Innis	PROPN	 Innis
Bulgaria is home to the highest point of the Balkan peninsula, Musala, at 2,925 metres (9,596 ft	ft	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Sentenced to 11 years in prison after pleading no contest to one count of murder in 2000, Hurwitz was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Al Kooper recalled that both the album title, Blonde on Blonde, and song titles arrived during the mixing	mixing	VERB	sessions	NOUN	 sessions
Further evidence of this comes from a British explorer, Thomas Forrest, who in the 1770s wrote Filipinos were	were	AUX	“	PUNCT	 “
The Keates brothers suggested Yagan remain with them to avoid arrest. While he was staying with them during the	the	DET	morning	NOUN	 morning
After a " fierce bidding war ", on April 5, 2005, it was announced that Spears had	had	AUX	signed	VERB	 signed
Shooting took nine months, which included three months for the chariot race scene alone. Principal photography ended on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
In the epilogue, Akane becomes the de facto leader of Unit One; she is seen briefing a newly	newly	ADV	recruited	VERB	 recruited
It is also the largest tributary of the Danube by discharge. The river course is sometimes used to describe	describe	VERB	the	DET	 the
Gandhi therefore withdrew her support, forcing Singh to resign. His government lasted 24 days and he never faced	faced	VERB	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
The extension is slightly narrower than the rest of the building, and also has a projecting portico. The	The	DET	building	NOUN	 building
Frost pitched his smaller design both as a prototype of a vehicle suitable for the Army's needs, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
In a series of withdrawals made necessary by the lightning advance of German forces, it was pushed back all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Aldrin stated that he did so with the objective of facilitating re docking with the CM should an abort become	become	VERB	necessary	ADJ	 necessary
He then cited eight instances of the Government's alleged non compliance with the rule of law, including detention	detention	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
Following the campaign in France, Kesselring's Luftflotte 2 was committed to the Battle of Britain. Luftflotte 2	2	NUM	was	AUX	 was
A third of the two hundred and fifty two Eastern Han government officials who had biographies in the Book of	of	ADP	Later	PROPN	 Later
Early observers noted that the animal was typically shy and secretive, with awareness of the presence of humans and	and	CCONJ	generally	ADV	 generally
Upon returning, Mario encounters Mallow, a " tadpole " who has lost a frog coin to Croco,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Since it ensures that each statement is expressed from seven different conditional and relative viewpoints or propositions, syādvāda is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Dogs may develop less serious effects such as gastrointestinal problems and central nervous system depression. Most Fritillaria (e.g.	e.g.	ADV	Fritillaria	PROPN	 Fritillaria
It surpassed Spielberg's own E.T. the Extraterrestrial as the highest grossing film ever worldwide, and became second to	to	ADP	E.T.	PROPN	 E.T.
The general nesting habitat of long billed thrashers is amongst dense vegetation with spiny shrubs and trees in order to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
This release replaced the two track release and remained in the Columbia catalog for a few years. Some tracks	tracks	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
John Wesley preached in the building, before his break with the Anglican Church. Upon his return in 1747	1747	NUM	however	ADV	 however
They killed many, destroyed a number of American armored units and vehicles, and took several dozen prisoners,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Game Players magazine applauded the game's " large, colorful graphics and easy to learn controls ". Reviewers	Reviewers	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
After making love in their flat, Stevie's boyfriend Olly Manthrope Hall (Joshua McGuire) ends his relationship	relationship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead recommended the game, giving high praise to the detail of the open world and the	the	DET	characterization	NOUN	 characterization
Walters considered a meeting with head coach Dick Vermeil before the 1976 season as the critical moment in his playing	playing	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
The show pitted one hit wonders who generally had their moments of fame in the 1980s against each other to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
In February 2011, the manuscript of a previously unknown Blyton novel, Mr Tumpy's Caravan, was discovered	discovered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The film grossed more than ₹ 550 million globally in its lifetime, and the United States box office figures	figures	NOUN	stood	VERB	 stood
Pascu, who is fluent in the Hungarian language, prefers the hypocoristic Gyuri. Pascu began to study piano	piano	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
Meanwhile, the growth of the indigenous England merchant class in the major cities, especially London, gradually crowded	crowded	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Bradley was shot and killed in the line of duty, after confronting a man and his two sons who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The village of Hoey is located at km 529.6. St. Louis was recently the site of the discovery of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Other prominent Denver higher education institutions include Johnson & Wales University, Catholic (Jesuit) Regis University and the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
His only representative cricket came in end of season festival matches, including a Gentlemen v Players match. Yorkshire	Yorkshire	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
The album peaked at number one on Australia's ARIA Albums Chart and number 11 on New Zealand's RIANZ	RIANZ	PROPN	Albums	PROPN	 Albums
In 70 BC, the generals Pompey the Great and Marcus Licinius Crassus were both elected consul and quickly dismantled	dismantled	VERB	Sulla	PROPN	 Sulla
In April 1968, signage was installed in Kane pointing the way to the Kinzua Dam via US 6;	;	PUNCT	PA	PROPN	 PA
His wife, Matilda, played a major role in running their vast English estates, which contributed to the	the	DET	couple	NOUN	 couple
In the January 1977 issue of Starlog, Roddenberry said he was not sure when the novel would be complete	complete	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
This heartbeat is most prominent as the intro and the outro to the album, but it can also be	be	AUX	heard	VERB	 heard
In 2000, The Museum of Television & Radio in Beverly Hills, California held a three month horror festival	festival	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
Both highways were combined to form SR 27 during the 1964 highway renumbering and the designation was extended south to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coming under the control of Air Mobility Group, it is headquartered at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland. The	The	DET	wing	NOUN	 wing
A. O. Scott criticised Farrell's work: " When he's not on screen, you don't miss	miss	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The original name — or perhaps description — of the script is said to have been kohau motu mo rongorongo	rongorongo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The film became Lopez's best opening weekend for a January release, beating her romantic comedy The Wedding Planner	Planner	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A. noctua has an extremely large range. It has been estimated that there are between 560 thousand and 1.3	1.3	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The Vrtlinovec Tunnel southbound tube is 628 metres (2,060 ft) long and its northbound tube is 522 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
After racing airplanes competitively during the 1950s, Cummings and her husband, Howard Critchell, helped found the Bates	Bates	PROPN	Aeronautics	PROPN	 Aeronautics
In the Cedillo case, her family claimed that Michelle was normal until receiving her vaccines, as evidenced by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The station took its name from the surrounding jagged mountains, which resemble trolls of Norse mythology. The first	first	ADJ	overwintering	NOUN	 overwintering
Morris was asked to join and soon after, Hornibrook departed and was replaced by Matthews. The Crocodiles were	were	AUX	managed	VERB	 managed
On the south, the basin borders on the headwaters of the San Joaquin River itself. The Merced River	River	PROPN	watershed	NOUN	 watershed
Critical reaction to? was favourable. Indah Setiawati of The Jakarta Post wrote that the film was a "	"	PUNCT	gallant	ADJ	 gallant
The Free Districts had been forcibly recatholized after the Reformation in Switzerland, and the Catholic cantons, especially Lucerne	Lucerne	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From 1911 to 1917, money was collected for interior furnishings, which were relatively sparse apart from the impressive	impressive	ADJ	main	ADJ	 main
The King's Sedgemoor Drain empties into the River Parrett next to the wharf at Dunball; it enters via	via	ADP	a	DET	 a
On 13 August, Bahrain Mirror and activists said security forces have installed barbed wire around a number of residential	residential	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
A.V. Club named Kang / Bob Dole's line, " Abortions for some, miniature American flags for others	others	NOUN	!	PUNCT	!
The Blue Jays activated Barrett from the disabled list on July 6, 2009, and designated to Triple A	A	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
In its original American broadcast, " Doomsday " was viewed by an estimated 6.15 million viewers and received a	a	DET	3.2	NUM	 3.2
Jubilee Hall houses the W. Paul Stillman School of Business in addition to the largest auditorium at the University.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Principal photography of Blade Runner began on March 9, 1981 and ended four months later. In 1992,	,	PUNCT	Ford	PROPN	 Ford
The precise requirements of most species are still poorly known, as the newts are much more difficult to detect	detect	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Furthermore, Justinian restored cities damaged by earthquake or war and built a new city near his place of birth	birth	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
Violence sometimes took the form of wife beating. Several southern Illinois miners lost their lives at the hands of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Statistics include all caps gained in their international career, including those before or after their Thistle careers. Scottish	Scottish	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
One proposed origin for the scientific name is that medieval knights — who revered Tricholoma equestre — considered this mushroom	mushroom	NOUN	fit	ADJ	 fit
One bird remains still while the other loops and dives repeatedly before the roles are reversed; both sing all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
The male displays brightly colored plumage during the breeding season to attract a mate. Nest building and incubation are	are	AUX	done	VERB	 done
He said: This seat of Sir John Smyth is a stately edifice... It has of late been much	much	ADV	enlarged	VERB	 enlarged
During the administration of President George W. Bush she said of the attacks: " I've researched it for	for	ADP	three	NUM	 three
In 2011, Edinburgh Zoo leased two giant pandas, a male named Yáng Guāng (陽光, meaning "	"	PUNCT	sunshine	NOUN	 sunshine
The ship was under repair at Greenock from 29 March to 22 April, after which she sailed to Freetown	Freetown	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
There are some controversies about some of the exact details of a few of the uniforms, since some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Proponents of externalism maintain that the surrounding world is in some sense constitutive of the mind. Externalism differentiates into	into	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
" Dan Forcella of TV Fanatic awarded the episode four out of five stars, summarizing that " An otherwise	otherwise	ADV	funny	ADJ	 funny
RPGamer, in their review of the game, said that the arrangements by Ito were " quite pleasing to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
1 is a Latin pop album. The introductory track, " En Tus Pupilas " (" In Your	Your	PRON	Pupils	PROPN	 Pupils
He coined it for the partial skull USNM 12031, from the Lance Formation of Niobrara County, Wyoming.	.	PUNCT	Gilmore	PROPN	 Gilmore
Covering 295 square degrees, it ranks 48th of the 88 constellations in size. The recommended three letter abbreviation	abbreviation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Also around this time, DE 896 was rerouted to bypass the University of Delaware to the west. A	A	DET	bypass	NOUN	 bypass
Additionally, females in friendships with males exhibit a smaller rise in stress hormones than do females without male friends	friends	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It has been used as a pharmaceutical agent since antiquity, including for the treatment of syphilis before the development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
New Musical Express journalist Nick Kent jammed occasionally with the band, but left upon Lydon's recruitment. "	"	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
" Anno described Shinji and Misato as " afraid of being hurt " and " unsuitable — lacking the positive	positive	ADJ	attitude	NOUN	 attitude
Whitney runs away and Bianca's ex husband Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) finds her drunk. Todd returns	returns	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lord Griffiths, on the other hand, was not swayed by the use of Sheldon's statement; he	he	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The New Haven Colony had earlier struck a deal with the Lenape to buy much of New Jersey south of	of	ADP	present	ADJ	 present
The PSP 2000 (also known as the Slim & Lite in PAL territories) was the first major hardware	hardware	NOUN	revision	NOUN	 revision
A poster of Farrah Fawcett, a cast member of Charlie's Angels, hangs on the wall in Barney	Barney	PROPN	's	PART	's
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the Caribbean reef shark as Near Threatened;	;	PUNCT	its	PRON	 its
His mother Anja's memories are conspicuously absent from the narrative, given her suicide and Vladek's destruction of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Parachute competitions are held at club, regional, national and international levels, and include the disciplines of accuracy	accuracy	NOUN	landings	NOUN	 landings
He became a regular contributor to the Bucharest nationalist review Sămănătorul, which gave De la țară a sonorous welcome	welcome	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The volcano ’ s subsequent collapse formed the caldera of Crater Lake. Older and more deeply eroded, the	the	DET	Western	PROPN	 Western
Sportsmen alumni include professional rugby player Martin Purdy and David Fulton, former captain of the Kent County Cricket Club	Club	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The abdomen terminates in a pair of, or three, slender thread like projections. The final moult of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kiprusoff recorded his third shutout of the season in a 3 – 0 win against the Minnesota Wild while Iginla	Iginla	PROPN	scored	VERB	 scored
The third predominant feud prior to the event was between Chris Benoit and Orlando Jordan for the WWE United States	States	PROPN	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
Meanwhile, to the north of Aylesbury the Buckinghamshire Railway was being built by Sir Harry Verney. The scheme	scheme	NOUN	consisted	VERB	 consisted
This was done by an on screen digital clock which appears before and after commercial breaks, and a smaller	smaller	ADJ	clock	NOUN	 clock
1784 – January 23, 1813), often Nathaniel G. S. Hart, was a Lexington, Kentucky lawyer	lawyer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Liliaceae fossils have been dated to the Paleogene and Cretaceous eras in the Antarctic. The Liliaceae probably arose as	as	ADP	shade	NOUN	 shade
Fractal like patterns occur widely in nature, in phenomena as diverse as clouds, river networks, geologic fault	fault	NOUN	lines	NOUN	 lines
In August 1940, Strutt was replaced with Lieutenant Colonel Ragnar Garrett as commanding officer. In October 1940,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Boyfriend " has received mixed reviews. Andrew Hampp of Billboard rated it 82 out of 100, stating	stating	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The song plummeted to number 39 the next week as the promotional effects of the Super Bowl wore off.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
Jones agreed to do business with Cartoon Network on the condition that Alfe be a character on The Problem Solverz	Solverz	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The church was replaced by a fountain dedicated to the memory of Jules Anspach. The facade of the church	church	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Millwall began life on the Isle of Dogs and inhabited four different grounds in the club's first 25 years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Rettenmund complimented the cover artwork, saying that " a dozen years into her career, it was one of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
While it did not have the commercial success of the original, it emerged on the Hot 100, the	the	DET	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
The lake was first surveyed on July 14, 1939 by the Forest Service. Kennecott Copper Corporation, as	as	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Train service in Coimbatore started in 1861, upon the construction of the Podanur – Madras line connecting Kerala and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This tour lasted until early summer 1890, at which point Scheer returned to Germany, where he was made	made	VERB	an	DET	 an
Count Zrinski found himself besieged by a hostile army of at least 150,000 soldiers with powerful artillery. Zrinski had	had	AUX	assembled	VERB	 assembled
Sir Robert de Crull was the last to fill this position during Edward III's reign and would have the	the	DET	longest	ADJ	 longest
The Pennsylvania militia got off the first volley, but were soon routed by the British. While attempting to	to	PART	rally	VERB	 rally
The tower stands to the north of the west bay of the body of the church, and is joined	joined	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Excavations in the northwestern portion of the Acropolis have revealed a series of stucco floors and large amounts of ceramic	ceramic	ADJ	remains	NOUN	 remains
The pair defends the chosen nest site against other peregrines, and often against ravens, herons, and gulls	gulls	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After practicing the complex greeting the Jaradan require to open negotiations, Captain Jean Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart)	)	PUNCT	decides	VERB	 decides
Critics noted " Diva " as a variation on Lil Wayne's " A Milli " and coined it as	as	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" Online game critic for the Escapist Magazine Ben " Yahtzee " Croshaw lists this game as among his top	top	ADJ	5	NUM	 5
The swing bridges at Crossways, Boat and Anchor, and Fordgate were rebuilt, and by 1987, 4.5	4.5	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
The previously planned route of the bypass, prior to 2012, followed Lord Street, east of Whiteman Park	Park	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Eaker and George transformed Hughes Aircraft into a very profitable military contractor, reaching $100 M in sales in	in	ADP	1948	NUM	 1948
In contrast, when Sultan Mehmet II laid siege to Constantinople in April 1453, he used 68 Hungarian made	made	VERB	cannon	NOUN	 cannon
The Courbet class ships were the largest possible ships that could fit in existing dockyards and refitting basins. The	The	DET	Conseil	PROPN	 Conseil
The labor tax took the form of conscripted labor for one month per year, which was imposed upon male	male	ADJ	commoners	NOUN	 commoners
At weddings the parents of the bride offer the couple a glass of water and a comb. The comb	comb	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Frank McGee came from a prominent Canadian family. His late uncle, Thomas D ' Arcy McGee, had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The lack of medical information provided on players in the expansion draft contributed heavily to the team ’ s problems	problems	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He instead busied himself with the album's sound effects. A Momentary Lapse of Reason was released in September	September	PROPN	1987	NUM	 1987
The storm caused $8 million in damage in Tobago. Total damage from the storm amounted to $9.2	9.2	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Vainio had to go to the bathroom during the flight, and soon there was a call for a doctor	doctor	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Since in astronomical applications this measurement can not be done directly, because that would require travelling to the distant	distant	ADJ	star	NOUN	 star
In addition, he collected, translated and wrote thousands of Sufi tales, making these available to a Western	Western	ADJ	audience	NOUN	 audience
Eries also thanked Del Rey's translation notes for clearing up some misconceptions for her, although she later concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Osbert's lands were chiefly in Norfolk and Suffolk, but he also had some lands in Essex and some	some	PRON	from	ADP	 from
The tour was extended in 1979, after the New York run, still starring Brynner and Towers. The	The	DET	production	NOUN	 production
Noonan later spoke of the artistic freedom which had resulted from this move — " We have found owning our	our	PRON	music	NOUN	 music
The Organic Laws required the legislature to meet in June and December of each year. The first meeting of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Corps of Engineers also installed an elevator to take visitors from the base to the top of the pedestal	pedestal	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the Amazon.com " Best Books of 2007 ", it placed # 4 overall in the United States and	and	CCONJ	#	SYM	 #
His squadrons were employed in escort, maritime reconnaissance, and coastal patrol duties, the overworked aircraft having to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Bennett resigned from the RAM at this overbearing behaviour, and was not to return until 1866. Towards the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
It is now highly acclaimed by film critics, particularly for its cinematography and screenplay. In 1993, the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Matters had not improved when Bache settled in London in 1865. The War of the Romantics between musically conservative	conservative	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The storm did not receive advisories from the JTWC. In late August, the monsoon trough spawned a series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It adopted its current title in 1939, after John Carnell became editor. First published professionally in 1946,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Kennywood refused the Premier offer and others on grounds that the new owners would make too many changes to the	the	DET	existing	VERB	 existing
writer Kristin Dos Santos said that it " might go down as one of the most shocking ever on television	television	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
David Browne of Entertainment Weekly declared that Erotica may be the most joyless dance music of all time, while	while	SCONJ	criticizing	VERB	 criticizing
The film took about three years to make, from early organisation, planning, and scripting to completion of	of	ADP	filming	VERB	 filming
Early on August 5, a strengthening period began as deep convection ignited over and near the low level center	center	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the outbreak of the First World War, construction of the two ships was suspended. As Almirante Latorre	Latorre	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He accepted the rhythm method as a moral form of family planning, although only in limited circumstances, within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
Private universities include Austin College, Baylor University, University of Mary Hardin – Baylor, and Southwestern University.	.	PUNCT	Universities	NOUN	 Universities
About 10: 00, Lieutenant Colonel Chong Pong Uk, commanding the artillery regiment supporting the NK 13th Division	Division	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Water comes to Manhattan through New York City Water Tunnel No. 1, Tunnel No. 2, and	and	CCONJ	Tunnel	PROPN	 Tunnel
In Brislington House Perceval experienced, in spite of the expense, a regime of deprivation, brutality and degradation	degradation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Three of the starting pitchers from the previous season — Clemens, Pettitte, and Wells — left the team	team	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
A corrupt peacekeeper tips off the traffickers, and Raya is recaptured and tortured. Although Kathryn rescues Irka from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the 6 mile (9.66 km) section between Whatlington and St Leonards, 750,000 cubic yards (570,000	570,000	NUM	m3	PROPN	 m3
He later stated that his main concern was that connective tissue is not " meat ", and that ground	ground	NOUN	beef	NOUN	 beef
During his set at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, West performed " Power " during the start	start	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He's righter than a trivet! " Like with an't, han't and ain't were found together late	late	ADV	into	ADP	 into
According to City Councilmember Scott Perkins, " Other cities have stand alone [aquatic] facilities that cost $	$	SYM	35	NUM	35
Soon after Jagiello's accession to the Polish throne, Jagiello granted Vilnius a city charter like that of Kraków	Kraków	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 26 August, he was granted a five year short service commission as a pilot officer, and assigned	assigned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Boone began to have financial troubles while living in Maysville. According to the later folk image, Boone the	the	DET	trailblazer	NOUN	 trailblazer
During the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 1939, the ship enforced the arms blockade imposed by Britain and	and	CCONJ	France	PROPN	 France
Saban initially dismissed this characterization, but came to accept it later in life. He held 21 coaching jobs	jobs	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
On 20 July 2011, Gallagher released a 47 second trailer of his first single " The Death of You	You	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
In September, the film was screened at The Rome International Film Festival in Rome, Georgia, the Midwest	Midwest	PROPN	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
Hata would expand his research into the 1999 book Ianfu to senjō no sei (" Comfort women and sex	sex	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Perry was created by the series ' co founders, Dan Povenmire and Jeff " Swampy " Marsh. He	He	PRON	first	ADV	 first
Buenos Aires Province was helped with a fund that gave the governor a million pesos daily. Although the Convertibility	Convertibility	PROPN	plan	NOUN	 plan
The surface of HDE 226868 is being tidally distorted by the gravity of the massive companion, forming a tear	tear	ADJ	drop	NOUN	 drop
The bassline also has some similarity with Michael Jackson's " Billie Jean " especially during the second verse.	.	PUNCT	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
Early in the next year, a Fatimid army under Manjutakin advanced on Aleppo. Manjutakin sent a messenger to	to	ADP	Bourtzes	PROPN	 Bourtzes
Ewell, the team trainer said, Umbricht " had the most wonderful attitude of anyone you'll ever meet	meet	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In November 2013, the game was released for the iOS & Android mobile platforms in Japan. This release	release	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
I remember where I was when I heard it and called my manager, Ann, and I was like	like	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
It therefore had to be aerodynamically stable, but also cheap and easy to construct as it would only be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
It appears to be common within its restricted range, despite being caught in large numbers by the local population	population	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This period includes the Sermon on the Mount, one of Jesus ' major discourses, as well as the	the	DET	calming	NOUN	 calming
Route 33 is being widened from Route 35 to Route 71 in Neptune to provide a center turning lane as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Space Invaders is a two dimensional fixed shooter game in which the player controls a laser cannon by moving it	it	PRON	horizontally	ADV	 horizontally
The common firecrest feeds in trees, exploiting mainly the upper surface of branches in coniferous habitat and of leaves	leaves	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Westwood Moravian Church congregation has recently relocated to Royton. In addition to the established church, a variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Other directorial attempts included You and Me (1975), and two unreleased productions: Mata Hari, an	an	DET	epic	NOUN	 epic
Narrative poetry is a genre of poetry that tells a story. Broadly it subsumes epic poetry, but the	the	DET	term	NOUN	 term
[1] The mignons were frivolous and fashionable young men, to whom public malignity attributed heterodox sexuality,	,	PUNCT	rumors	VERB	 rumors
" Other songs were written with a more personal message. " Long Long Way to Go " is often	often	ADV	considered	VERB	 considered
Chief Justice Fred Vinson's opinion stated that the First Amendment does not require that the government must wait "	"	PUNCT	until	SCONJ	 until
Once this process was completed the rubber tax was abolished. The Abir company merged with the Société Anversoise in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
For a scene taking place at Starfleet Academy, a forced perspective was created by placing scenery close to the	the	DET	camera	NOUN	 camera
It also introduced April Ludgate's family. According to Nielsen Media Research, " 94 Meetings " was seen	seen	VERB	by	ADP	 by
However this formation may have been a later conception; Barbara's portrait seems to have been executed some time	time	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
He also served for a number of years as the superintendent of the congregation's Sunday school program. Zimmerman	Zimmerman	PROPN	represented	VERB	 represented
Once Jenner and Norris had finalised the subject matter and music genre, lyrics were commissioned from the writing team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They measure up to 300 by 10 – 25 μm, but are shorter in the upper regions of the	the	DET	stem	NOUN	 stem
Dead or Alive 5 Last Round pre order bonuses included Ayane's special " Ninja 2015 " masked outfit at	at	ADP	Amazon	PROPN	 Amazon
Celtic law made specific provision with regards to cabbages and leeks, stating that they should be enclosed by fences	fences	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Perhaps Brodie ’ s book was most influential in stimulating Oliver Stone to create his controversial 1995 movie Nixon.	.	PUNCT	Brodie	PROPN	 Brodie
A new type of sensory organ has been analyzed on the head of Proteus, utilizing light and electron microscopy	microscopy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Harold, the most powerful English noble, took the initiative and was crowned king on 6 January. William	William	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Ironside began on 23 May 1944 with the aim of having the threat established by 29 May and continued until	until	ADP	28	NUM	 28
By the late 1990s the population of the metropolitan area had reached 1.4 million, and - while the city	city	NOUN	itself	PRON	 itself
By 1946, Tim Mara had given over complete control of the team to his sons. Jack, the	the	DET	older	ADJ	 older
Meat could be up to four times as expensive as bread. Fish was up to 16 times as costly	costly	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
A legend told by Pickett's widow stated that when the Union Army marched into Richmond, she received a	a	DET	surprise	NOUN	 surprise
As reported, HM Revenue and Customs are in the process of an inquiry at Hull City AFC, as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
They were joined in " Divergence " by Wayne Grace as Krell. Grace had previously appeared across the franchise	franchise	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide,	,	PUNCT	Warren	PROPN	 Warren
The instrument as it now stands has 63 speaking stops over four manuals and pedals, and is built largely	largely	ADV	on	ADP	 on
On Uplift, Slovak experimented with genres outside of traditional funk music including reggae and speed metal. His guitar	guitar	NOUN	riffs	NOUN	 riffs
Reviews however indicate that the show's cryptic mythology and inaccessibility to the casual viewer were major factors. Nevertheless	Nevertheless	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On July 12, it was announced that the deadline for a permit decision by the DEQ has been extended	extended	VERB	until	ADP	 until
However, the failure of the plot led to the attainder of the Ruthven family, and the castle was	was	AUX	forfeited	VERB	 forfeited
Despite being granted a mansion to live in my the king of Na, Gustave is still resentful of his	his	PRON	rejection	NOUN	 rejection
During a match against her former team in the WPS, the Chicago Red Stars, Rapinoe played a direct	direct	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
As of April 2016, it has sold 4,100,000 digital downloads in the US. " Born This Way "	"	PUNCT	debuted	VERB	 debuted
In the evening, after the ceremony, the royal family decided to leave their palace in Athens for Tatoi	Tatoi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
That was the first case in history that a real person had been described as a vampire. During the	the	DET	18th	ADJ	 18th
The official " No " brochure, written by the Quebec Liberals, stated that Quebec was a distinct society	society	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other common names for this species are the itar shark and the blind shark (also used for Brachaelurus waddi	waddi	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Instead, Raimi's Felicia was expected to become a new superpowered figure called the Vulturess. However, several	several	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
So I was 100 percent behind it. " Streep said Wintour was " probably more upset by the book	book	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
Turning to the north, Zeb brushed the east coast of Taiwan at a reduced intensity, and after accelerating	accelerating	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The airline's president Brad Tilden officially became the new CEO on May 15, 2012. On March 9	9	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The new school was initially characterized in form by drum machine led minimalism, often tinged with elements of rock	rock	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pairs of coins are sometimes found in burials, including cremation urns; among the collections of the British Museum	Museum	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The party did not have the required super majority in the Congress to call for it. The PJ was	was	AUX	divided	VERB	 divided
The Raid on Yarmouth, which took place in November 1914, was an attack by the German Navy on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Because of his status, Clolarion was chosen to take part in the purifier program. His mind was scanned	scanned	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Totor suddenly has an idea to use the treasure he found as a ransom for his aunt. The two	two	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Whilst at Skinners ' he published words he had written for the school song, set to music by Cuthbert	Cuthbert	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
Production Bob Ludwig – mastering Chab (Antoine Chabert) - mastering Paul Hahn – management Cédric Hervet – creative	creative	ADJ	director	NOUN	 director
He was nicknamed " Black Jack " in tribute to his dark looks, but a " shaky reputation "	"	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
The dictator also has an element of mystery about him — it seems that no one knows where he is	is	AUX	because	SCONJ	 because
The Choir are notable for attracting well known, often international singers to their annual Spring concert as guests.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the fall of 1851, Tubman returned to Dorchester County for the first time since her escape, this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
It took some time for the British squadron to effect repairs on their ships and prizes in preparation for the	the	DET	journey	NOUN	 journey
Long epic poetry was not a popular genre in North Korea before Mt. Paektu, but it was in the	the	DET	Soviet	PROPN	 Soviet
Russia denied using cluster bombs. HRW reported that during the war, ethnic Georgian villages in South Ossetia were	were	AUX	burned	VERB	 burned
One day, a spaceship crashes near the inn. The dying pilot, Billy Bones, gives Jim a	a	DET	sphere	NOUN	 sphere
" Stephanie Benson of Rhapsody comments that his lyrics are " full of stifling dissatisfaction and boozy philosophy ".	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" At her insistence, Strindberg began divorce proceedings. The relationship of Strindberg and Bosse was highly dramatic.	.	PUNCT	Strindberg	PROPN	 Strindberg
Shortly before the end of the 1988 – 89 regular season, Flames general manager Cliff Fletcher announced that he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Both Buczynski biographer Michael Lloyd and researcher Philip Heselton have expressed doubt that Jana was ever a real figure operating	operating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, Beyoncé performed " No Angel " live during a medley of songs	songs	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
So I gave her the talk and I wrote a song. " She later revealed that the song was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Many classrooms were added in the lower auditorium, and the building was dedicated as the " Talmud Torah of	of	ADP	Williamsburg	PROPN	 Williamsburg
However, to compensate for the flaw, Orochimaru devised the Cursed Seals by infusing his Senjutsu Chakra into the	the	DET	enzymes	NOUN	 enzymes
Bumgarner has been a Baptist since his childhood. Andrew Baggarly, a reporter who covers the Giants, wrote	wrote	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Headley arrived in Australia as a primarily off side player which accounted for his difficulty against the Australian bowlers '	'	PART	tactics	NOUN	 tactics
At one point owned by Sir Andrew Judd, the site consisted of 8 acres (3.2 ha) of	of	ADP	land	NOUN	 land
In order to stall for time during the telethon, Leslie starts talking about her favorite episodes of Friends,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
France drew up a plan to partition Austria between Prussia, Bavaria, Saxony and Spain. Marshall Belle Isle	Isle	PROPN	joined	VERB	 joined
The unworkable command and control structure of separate U.S. military special operations forces (SOF), which led to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He saw less than a dozen towels while players were going through pre game warm ups. Cope recalls,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Timber yields were poorer than had been projected. Great Southern's baseline projection had been 250 tonnes of woodchips	woodchips	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
In reviews, Yahoo! Music said that, through the video, " [Farmer] invites us into	into	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Kadena Air Base moved various aircraft to other undisclosed locations in the Pacific. Sasebo Naval Base declared TCCOR 1	1	NUM	E	NOUN	 E
Kerr compared the effect to that created by the patterns on a series of land animals, the giraffe,	,	PUNCT	zebra	NOUN	 zebra
It also supported the idea that the Earth's climate had changed over time as Brogniart concluded that plant fossils	fossils	NOUN	showed	VERB	 showed
It is spoken by over 10 million people and is the official language of the Czech Republic. Czech's	's	PART	closest	ADJ	 closest
It has been argued that younger Norwegian players are used to artificial turf and that in the future they will	will	AUX	need	VERB	 need
Pistorius had both his legs amputated below the knee and races with two carbon fibre blades manufactured by Ossur.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The film won several awards on release including Best Film award at Maharashtra State Film Awards, MICTA, and	and	CCONJ	11th	ADJ	 11th
The only exceptions to this were the Apollo 13 LM which burned up in the Earth's atmosphere, and	and	CCONJ	Apollo	PROPN	 Apollo
The blockade of Peiraeus by the French and British fleets also led to the imposition of Kallergis as Minister of	of	ADP	War	PROPN	 War
Yet he was troubled, struggling to come to terms with his sexuality, which was predominantly gay. His	His	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
There is also a flour mill, milk depot, marketing and advertising agency and an industrial clothing shop as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
He currently resides in Miami, Florida and enjoys working out, eating healthily, and playing golf; his	his	PRON	favorite	ADJ	 favorite
The former's inclusion was also done due to the character's popularity in Japan. Nomura has stated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The additional possibility of the capital being bombarded forced the National Congress of Brazil to give in to the rebels	rebels	NOUN	'	PART	 '
The Ravenna Cosmography utilises a 3rd- or 4th century Roman map and identifies four loci (meeting places, possibly	possibly	ADV	markets	NOUN	 markets
Moyler felt that the combination of " I Can't Go for That " and " You Make My Dreams	Dreams	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Australia went through the remaining tour matches unbeaten to end the summer without a defeat. After the tour,	,	PUNCT	Bradman	PROPN	 Bradman
The engineers considered lack of sufficient training such a safety risk that it would not be secure to operate on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
These winds damaged the food supply on two islands. Later, Higos moved across Japan with wind gusts as	as	ADV	strong	ADJ	 strong
The likewise very common Lactarius deliciosus is similar in appearance. Lactarius deterrimus differs basically from the first because its	its	PRON	flesh	NOUN	 flesh
July 3 – 6, 1986, was designated " Liberty Weekend ", marking the centennial of the statue	statue	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The column was to storm the Fort 74. The right column was commanded by Col. Roth and was	was	AUX	composed	VERB	 composed
Previously, Fellheimer had been influential in the design of Grand Central Terminal in New York City, and both	both	DET	architects	NOUN	 architects
Doctors, for instance, can increase skills related to healing much higher than a Soldier because of these additional	additional	ADJ	resources	NOUN	 resources
It is a reboot of the Syndicate series of real time tactical shooter games developed by Bullfrog Productions. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
In 1999, IGN described the graphics of the PlayStation re release as " beautiful and stunning ", reflecting	reflecting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Madrox's wardrobe invoked the symbols worn in his comics costume. Other actors who portrayed mutants were: Meiling	Meiling	PROPN	Melançon	PROPN	 Melançon
TV Guide also found the animation somewhat flat, but considered the sound effects and backgrounds to be state of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1994, Milford Prewitt praised the " crafty and well timed repositioning " in Nation's Restaurant News.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
" While " The Fight " aired in the show's regular 9: 30 p.m. timeslot, " Road	Road	PROPN	Trip	PROPN	 Trip
Television Without Pity's Cindy McLennan wished they had not killed Graham, but gave credit to the writers for	for	ADP	making	VERB	 making
The fences represent exclusion and barriers, while the windows are opportunities for expressing alternative ideas. The book garnered	garnered	VERB	both	CCONJ	 both
That's what it's about... winning. Mitzeee crossed her - she is dispensable but Riley... well	well	INTJ	,	PUNCT	,
He assisted 50 Scientologists in filing separate lawsuits against the organization Cult Awareness Network (CAN), which led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
When hunting sea turtles, they appear to simply bite through the carapace around a flipper, immobilizing the turtle	turtle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The activists carried banners reading " Boycott occupation and its products. " Al Tamimi was arrested during the protest	protest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wordsworth's voice slowly disappears from the poems as they progress, and his voice is entirely absent from the	the	DET	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
Writers such as Sarmiento used the power of the written word in order to criticize government, using literature as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Luckman was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Jewish immigrants from Germany. His father sparked his interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Accounts submitted by the Rome organizers showed they lost money on the Olympics; the IOC would have received a	a	DET	portion	NOUN	 portion
Every minute seemed an age. Then on the starboard side of the enemy by the forward turret, and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Its initial flight tests, conducted by the manufacturer between 1 July and 5 October, were a disappointment as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Collecting three of these masks in a row grants Crash temporary invulnerability from all minor dangers. Arrow boxes (	(	PUNCT	marked	VERB	marked
Anna asks for Elsa's blessing to marry Hans, but she refuses and criticizes her for engaging with someone	someone	PRON	she	PRON	 she
The U.S. Geological Survey's study of the environmental impact of the jetport started, " Development of the proposed	proposed	VERB	jetport	NOUN	 jetport
The mountain is said to have the shape of a reclining elephant. The monastery includes Buddha halls, palace	palace	NOUN	residences	NOUN	 residences
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to twenty four trains	trains	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
This system has an unplanned benefit for snow removal; if the streets were in a normal N – S	S	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
The park then reopens only on weekends until the end of October or early November for a Halloween themed event	event	NOUN	known	VERB	 known
Thirteen distinct rings are presently known, the brightest being the ε ring. All except two rings of Uranus	Uranus	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
He compared the site's aggregate scores, based on critical and audience consensus, for films released in January	January	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
White markings are rare and generally limited to small areas on the face and lower legs. Equestrian author Marguerite	Marguerite	PROPN	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
A prospectus was issued on 23 June 1753, and with a class of approximately 20 students, the first	first	ADJ	set	NOUN	 set
Weisz responded: I completely understand. It would be just too harrowing for people to watch. What actually	actually	ADV	happened	VERB	 happened
The 3,360.3 km (2,088 mi) -long race started in Utrecht, the Netherlands, on 4 July 2015	2015	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
While the BS & WR raised money, it continued to develop the plans for its route. The November	November	PROPN	1895	NUM	 1895
The exposure curling, freestyle skiing and short track speed skating gained in Calgary influenced the growth in their popularity	popularity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On November 1, 1776 he transferred to the 8th Massachusetts Regiment, where he was promoted to lieutenant colonel	colonel	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite this, scholar Lynn Z. Bloom asserted that Angelou's autobiographies and lectures, which he called " ranging	ranging	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Hazlitt's enthusiastic explanation of how Falstaff's fatness contributes to our amused sympathy with him was later especially	especially	ADV	admired	VERB	 admired
Alonso's father particularly felt the move to the smaller club improved him as a player. A quick turnover	turnover	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There he crossed the East River again and then hovered over Greenpoint. The reporter flew the sky cycle until	until	ADP	almost	ADV	 almost
He was also delegated, along with General Artemas Ward, to meet George Washington in Springfield and escort him	him	PRON	to	ADP	 to
It focuses on a dinner party between four people with very different backgrounds. As discussion turns to politics and	and	CCONJ	religion	NOUN	 religion
Clifton James as Sheriff J.W. Pepper: An uncouth Louisiana sheriff. Geoffrey Holder as Baron Samedi: Kananga's	's	PART	henchman	NOUN	 henchman
" AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that unlike their previous two albums, " there is no grappling with	with	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
Members of this camp allege that this action forced a shift in the previously neutral U.S. forces by convincing local	local	ADJ	Lebanese	ADJ	 Lebanese
Despite these additional funds the women of the Hospice were still forced to do odd jobs outside the hospice to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
She asked him not to do so in her lifetime, and Seidler halted the project. The Queen Mother	Mother	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
Revenue from retail operations at Melbourne Airport broke the $100 million mark for the first time in 2004,	,	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
Melinda Newman of HitFix called the video " undeniably steamy ". Emily Hewett of the Metro wrote that the	the	DET	video	NOUN	 video
Ganteaume ordered his ships to pursue, and the strange ship was discovered to be the British ship of the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
Operation Nordlicht had come to an end at the beginning of January 1945, with only a few miles of	of	ADP	Finnish	ADJ	 Finnish
A study of the Southwestern Ojibwe (Chippewa) dialect spoken in Minnesota describes the status of the analogous vowels	vowels	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Specht however did not survive, dying five months before the war in Europe came to an end. After	After	ADP	taking	VERB	 taking
Under the award's old format, he would have placed just outside the top three, owing his win	win	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A week later on 2 May, Irving asserted that many of the diary documents appear to be genuine;	;	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
By 1980, Cagney was contributing financially to the Republican Party, supporting his friend Ronald Reagan's bid for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It works by making people sleepy, decreasing anxiety, and causing a loss of ability to create new memories	memories	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each clan has a specified area of land that all members contribute to foraging from and defending. Frequently,	,	PUNCT	territory	NOUN	 territory
Jeff Tamarkin of AllMusic said that the album ignited the punk rock era, writing: " rock's mainstream	mainstream	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
She had two auxiliary boilers to provide steam for the steam engines that powered her pumps, ventilation fans and	and	CCONJ	rotated	VERB	 rotated
... I have never purchased such a magazine, and [on only] two or three occasions have I	I	PRON	ever	ADV	 ever
Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Baron Badlesmere was responsible for the upkeep of Brougham Castle and some other Clifford properties	properties	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
Hence, the Freikorps were in opposition to the new Weimar Republic, which was born as a result of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sheppard handed " a paper to someone as he mounted the scaffold ", perhaps as a symbolic endorsement of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Dudley was a typical Tudor Crown servant, self interested but absolutely loyal to the incumbent sovereign: The	The	DET	monarch	NOUN	 monarch
At the strip club, Leslie mistakenly refers to a stripper named Sierra by the name Seabiscuit, a champion	champion	NOUN	thoroughbred	ADJ	 thoroughbred
The Parthian Empire was enriched by taxing the Eurasian caravan trade in silk, the most highly priced luxury good	good	ADJ	imported	VERB	 imported
Paula Pell, a producer and writer on the show, made her third appearance as the character Paula Hornberger	Hornberger	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Portland was seriously considered for a franchise, but investors failed to emerge. The expansion announcement prompted numerous applications	applications	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In addition, a limited edition Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games Commemorative Pack, which depicted the journey taken by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
While the Tao Te Ching is most famous, there are many other important texts in traditional Taoism. Taishang	Taishang	PROPN	Ganying	VERB	 Ganying
After learning of his ability to summon a Persona, he joins SEES, which is composed of students at	at	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was directed by Kim Manners and written by series creator Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz. The installment explores	explores	VERB	the	DET	 the
The fathers mentioned the " Indians ' crops " were being damaged by the San Jose settlers ' livestock and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
By early September, without Soviet aid, the uprising was doomed. While capitulation talks were already in progress	progress	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Second in command Albert Armitage, a merchant officer, was offered the chance to go home on compassionate grounds	grounds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
But in the end it sounded bloody marvellous. There was a unification of sound on [Led] Zeppelin	Zeppelin	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Some of these expeditions have had their idiosyncrasies. After Gurudial Singh led a successful climb of Trisul, he	he	PRON	performed	VERB	 performed
Another notable tomb from this dynasty is KV19, the tomb of Mentuherkhepshef (son of Ramesses IX).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Eight dummy operations, involving around 450 sorties, were made from 22 January to 10 February to train for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
A video was shown on MTV combining the music videos for " Rain ", " You'll See "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Proponents of the purchase described how ownership of Joppenbergh would allow Rosendale to connect the Wallkill Valley Rail Trail with	with	ADP	Main	PROPN	 Main
This need, plus a desire to complete the ongoing Circle Three and Four construction programs, delayed initiation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, international versions produced by NTSC and PAL feature " My Hands " as the official theme song.	.	PUNCT	Gabriel	PROPN	 Gabriel
Mukerji's performance was received favourably and she earned her second Filmfare nomination that year, this time for Best	Best	PROPN	Supporting	VERB	 Supporting
Molybdenum dusts and fumes, generated by mining or metalworking, can be toxic, especially if ingested (including	including	VERB	dust	NOUN	 dust
One way to interpret the clause is by the intentionalist view. As stated by University of North Carolina School	School	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Tests in stronger gravitational fields are provided by the observation of binary pulsars. All results are in agreement with	with	ADP	general	ADJ	 general
According to the record label this became one of the reasons that the Pixies never achieved major coverage on MTV	MTV	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Many other deaths occurred when they were crushed to death under collapsed houses or killed by flying debris. For	For	ADP	instance	NOUN	 instance
R. J. Buck has suggested that Thrasybulus suffered from an " anti democratic tradition of ancient historiography, " which	which	PRON	led	VERB	 led
Species of Transandinomys live on the ground, are active during the night, eat both plant and animal matter	matter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Serah and Noel move on, while Hope and Alyssa work on finding a way to prevent the pillar's	's	PART	collapse	NOUN	 collapse
The example is that of someone who makes the demand " either you accept my offer of a handful of	of	ADP	beans	NOUN	 beans
Chakrapani promoted Missamma as a " film for kids which should also be watched by adults. " He never	never	ADV	encouraged	VERB	 encouraged
Mammals throughout the time of the dinosaurs had been restricted to a narrow range of taxa, sizes and shapes	shapes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Cooper returned to Harvard after his father's death, but soon discovered that he could not simultaneously pursue a	a	DET	law	NOUN	 law
Steve Lech, president of the Riverside Historical Society, was employed as a consultant and accompanied the crew on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The wind farm, which was built for Peel Wind Power Ltd, produces electricity from 26 Nordex N80 wind	wind	NOUN	turbines	NOUN	 turbines
A professional pianist, Eguchi often utilizes the piano in his compositions. He has stated that most of the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Irving had developed a Hungarian accent for a film role prior to his involvement with Holby City, and decided	decided	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
After his service in the Navy, Clarey served as vice president for the Bank of Hawaii. He died	died	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Before shooting the film, the artists drew sketches that emphasized Hong Kong's chaotic, confusing and overwhelming aspects	aspects	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the following game against the Green Bay Packers, he completed eleven of sixteen passes for 166 yards for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Included in the cascade of events unleashed in the brain by concussion is impaired neurotransmission, loss of regulation of	of	ADP	ions	NOUN	 ions
Jon Stone was responsible for writing, casting, and format; Dave Connell took over animation; and Sam	Sam	PROPN	Gibbon	PROPN	 Gibbon
The battle resulted in a major victory for Licario: John de la Roche was unhorsed and captured, while	while	SCONJ	Giberto	PROPN	 Giberto
Jordania kept true to his agreement with Lee, and on 15 July 1995, Kinkladze signed for Manchester City	City	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
MacArthur spent his graduation furlough with his parents at Fort Mason, California, where his father, now a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
By 1871, around 5,000 residents were housed in a 12 acres (4.9 ha) area. The estate	estate	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
The marina too was wrecked and closed. The golf course did not reopen. The hotel subsequently underwent demolition	demolition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On opening night, the audience reacted intensely toward Orbison's ballads, as he finished with " In Dreams	Dreams	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
They were seen as ideal hunting companions for the elderly who could follow on horseback without exerting themselves, for	for	ADP	young	ADJ	 young
On 11 December, Cranmer was taken out of Bocardo and placed in the house of the Dean of Christ	Christ	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
Afterwards, Don returns home early to an empty house and collapses on his bed in a weakened state.	.	PUNCT	Don	PROPN	 Don
The members of the Cabildo tried to convince him to give his support, but he left. Belgrano's	's	PART	departure	NOUN	 departure
Publicly, Kalinske defended the Saturn's design: " Our people feel that they need the multiprocessing to be	be	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
When the guns at Fort Nassau were heard by the attackers, they realized their surprise was lost and aborted	aborted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some key achievements made since the plan's initial passing in 2003 were the establishment of the Reef Quality Partnership	Partnership	PROPN	to	PART	 to
During the shelling of Tinian on 24 July she was damaged, 43 men were killed, and 198 wounded	wounded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Under the law of the time, martial law was declared by the local military commander, at which point	point	NOUN	a	DET	 a
According to biographer John Maki, the Japanese and English versions of Clark ’ s contract differed on this point	point	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kusek liked the plot, but felt it was predictable; however, he noted that the main element and	and	CCONJ	focus	NOUN	 focus
On 26 March, the Nationalists started a general offensive, on 28 March the Nationalists occupied Madrid and,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Therefore, the 25th Infantry Division also moved to protect the Komam ni road intersection where the Chindong ni –	–	PUNCT	Haman	PROPN	 Haman
County Route 626 continues through the residential districts in Lower Township, paralleling U.S. Route 9 and a local railroad	railroad	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The city's water and electrical systems were cut off. Only eight homes remained intact along a stretch of	of	ADP	road	NOUN	 road
Each wagon held about a ton, and once all twelve had been manoeuvred over the turntable back onto the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
she also had an older half sister, Ingrid Pedersen. Her younger sister was Jacqueline ' Jackie ' Dykins	Dykins	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The game's music was composed by Akito Nakatsuka (credited as " Tsukasan "). The Adventure of	of	ADP	Link	PROPN	 Link
Built largely on permafrost during 1975 – 77 between Prudhoe Bay and Valdez, Alaska, the $8 billion	billion	NUM	effort	NOUN	 effort
The large islands within the game were created using Paradigm's own 3D development tool Vega UltraVision. Navigation of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
His overall season totals at Memphis included a 2.65 ERA in 15 starts, 73 SO and 85 IP.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ten " Urie Arthurs " were transferred to the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) in October 1942	1942	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Elsewhere, rough waves from the hurricane killed a surfer in North Carolina and three fishermen off Newfoundland. A	A	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
In Aubrey's relation of the interview, the aircraft stalled after take off, throwing Coandă clear, and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
" His second letter, in German, was addressed to " Herr Stammer " at German naval intelligence in	in	ADP	Courbierestrasse	PROPN	 Courbierestrasse
" Eminem continues describing a near sexual encounter with the singer, threatening to release voice mails and pictures he	he	PRON	still	ADV	 still
The system was largely able to cope with the general level of poverty and minor crises, helping the old	old	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The first primary feather to be shed is the central one, number 6, and it has regrown completely	completely	ADV	by	ADP	 by
The tyrants themselves faced a difficult task; they had to deflect the worst of their fellow citizens ' hatred	hatred	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Around this time of these elections Bishop Bourget also gave the Sisters permission to baptise children at the Hospice,	,	PUNCT	rather	ADV	 rather
As a Greenbacker with Democratic support, Weaver won election to the House in 1878. The Greenbackers nominated Weaver	Weaver	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
During the WWE Championship Elimination Chamber match at the Elimination Chamber pay per view, in which both Orton and	and	CCONJ	DiBiase	PROPN	 DiBiase
Eaves considered the Vulcan ship a " fun " vessel to design. Only two major Vulcan ships had been	been	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
Critics noted references and similarities to 1980s pop music throughout the album. Adrien Begrand from PopMatters found the hook	hook	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Studying there Garrow " knew the English language well; had a moderate acquaintance with the Latin and, as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
Two touring companies took his plays all round the country. The revival in his popularity did not tempt Shaw	Shaw	PROPN	to	PART	 to
It was a critical and commercial success, grossing $129 million worldwide and, according to Brandon Gray,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Since the priory was one of the religious houses founded by the meic Somairle, his possible retirement there may	may	AUX	partly	ADV	 partly
She was completed in January 1897 at a cost of £751,206, but then underwent lengthy sea trials that	that	PRON	included	VERB	 included
" Carry knew Clemenson from the time they worked together on the Western television pilot Independence. He had no	no	DET	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
Less than five laps later, Kevin Harvick complained to his crew about his car handling problems. Allmendinger,	,	PUNCT	after	SCONJ	 after
During a no lift shift, the driver shifts normally by depressing the clutch, but the accelerator pedal is	is	AUX	held	VERB	 held
IGN gaming website criticised the game for offering a gaming experience too passive and unrewarding and a plot too muddy	muddy	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Odubade's first 15 appearances of the 2006 – 07 season were made as a substitute, and he started	started	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The test train for the subway line was not set to run until October 2016, despite the line being	being	AUX	projected	VERB	 projected
Jo's ghost instead testifies that Dean was not responsible for her fate. Osiris declares him guilty anyway and	and	CCONJ	forces	VERB	 forces
Her speed continued to decrease, further exposing her to Japanese fire, and her steering jammed to port around	around	ADP	06	NUM	 06
Others blamed an ineffective firefighting system for the high death toll, and were dissatisfied that they were not given	given	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
The highway is approximately 11.4 miles (18.3 km) in length, and travels through mainly rural portions of	of	ADP	Delta	PROPN	 Delta
Subsequent amendments to the treaty reduced the actual acreage to approximately 2,000,000 acres (810,000 ha) and is known	known	VERB	today	NOUN	 today
Sarah Silverman as Vanellope von Schweetz, a racer / glitch in Sugar Rush. Jack McBrayer as Fix It	It	PRON	Felix	PROPN	 Felix
Meanwhile, Pinafore continued to play strongly. On 20 February 1880, Pinafore completed its initial run of 571	571	NUM	performances	NOUN	 performances
Two policemen were also injured during the match. The chaotic scenes at the match prompted discussion in the House	House	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The same analysis applied to the general campaign, as commentators noted that Nixon would stand to the right of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The playwright William Congreve mentioned Shrewsbury cakes in his play The Way of the World in 1700 as a simile	simile	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
The lack of longitudinal studies has been remedied in the last few decades by recurring national surveys such as the	the	DET	General	PROPN	 General
The common birds are regularly accompanied by scarcer species like greenish warblers, great grey shrikes or Richard's pipits	pipits	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These flows, some of which reached the Pacific Ocean, occurred between 16.5 and 15.6 million years ago and	and	CCONJ	covered	VERB	 covered
In 902 the Norse suffered a serious reverse in Ireland losing control of Dublin and this seems to have intensified	intensified	VERB	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
At the start of the war, the population of Belgium was overwhelmingly Catholic. Jews made up the largest	largest	ADJ	non	ADJ	 non
Savage hoisted the first American flag in Havana Province on December 10. He was in command of the battalion	battalion	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
African Christians were still recovering lost property as late as 312. Outside Rome, there are fewer sure details	details	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mustafa Kemal had resigned as commander of the Seventh Army in 1917 but was back by early September 1918.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
At the 2015 Winter Chill Out, Cedar Point announced that the traditional over the shoulder restraints would be replaced	replaced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Extinction marked the first appearance of herbs, a healing item in the video game series, as seen in	in	ADP	Dr.	PROPN	 Dr.
Practice mode is a new addition to the game, allowing a player to practice certain sections of a song	song	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
It does not support the " original " text against the Byzantine. It has 11 independent or distinctive readings	readings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The pictures, when viewed from afar, blend to form the No Code triangle / eyeball logo that is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
" In addition, Nolan chose to edit some of the IMAX sequences using the original camera negative, which	which	PRON	by	ADP	 by
Although he did not feel that the album was a poor one, saying that if he said nothing no	no	DET	one	NOUN	 one
The classical Adams spectral sequence has E2 term given by the Ext groups ExtA (p) ∗, ∗	∗	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Edward Potts was a renowned architect who moved to Oldham from Bury. He was the architect for fourteen mills	mills	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A contrary view was presented in 2003, when Jan Bergström and Xian Guang Hou argued that, if arthropods	arthropods	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Incubation lasts for 21 to 24 days. When the infants hatch, they hatch about a day apart.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The West Indies enjoyed tremendous success during the tour, while England endured a " disastrous summer " of continuous	continuous	ADJ	change	NOUN	 change
The highway is approximately 6.6 miles (10.6 km), and begins at U.S. Route 290 (US 290	290	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The southbound direction of the Connector begins at the Route 87 crossing, which is followed by Ramp E,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
In natural populations, genetic drift and natural selection do not act in isolation; both forces are always at	at	ADP	play	NOUN	 play
Strong winds downed palm trees, which littered the streets of Lummus Park. The road to the Haulover Bridge	Bridge	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Romanian religious vocabulary is also divided, with a small number of basic terms preserved from Latin and a	a	DET	significant	ADJ	 significant
We were back and forth with Afeni Shakur all day until we got the clearance. And then it's	's	AUX	a	DET	 a
Alfred B. Meacham, an Indian Agent, was severely wounded. The murders shocked the nation, and Sherman	Sherman	PROPN	wired	VERB	 wired
Batman and Joker are also inadvertently transported during the process, and the two are separated after an encounter with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
These rituals, it was believed, sustained the god and allowed it to continue to play its proper role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Defensively, he spent 752 games at shortstop, 147 games at third base, 139 games at second base	base	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The (AAIB) concluded that repair materials had leaked into the structure of the rudder during a recent repair	repair	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While offensive coordinator at Georgia Tech, he had been described as an " offensive genius ", and Friedgen	Friedgen	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
" has been cited as an example. " If We Are the Body ", an acoustic rock song	song	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
McLeod was able to address issues that she had with herself and others, which she attributed to helping re	re	PART	build	VERB	 build
The scheduled tests for the line consisted of four phases: Factory testing of components of the line, completed	completed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Late on October 17, Ivan attained its peak intensity with winds of 295 km / h (185 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
After Charles G. Dawes declined the Treasury position, Harding asked Pittsburgh banker Andrew W. Mellon, one of the	the	DET	richest	ADJ	 richest
In addition to the aerodynamic design of the blades, the design of a complete wind power system must also	also	ADV	address	VERB	 address
It was held at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor on September 1, 2007, and was the first game	game	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At some point before September 1939, her stem was lengthened, which increased her overall length to 120 meters	meters	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Warrior's Husband proved to be Hepburn's breakout performance. Biographer Charles Higham states that the role was	was	AUX	ideal	ADJ	 ideal
Established by ethnic Chinese businessman Tjo Seng Han in 1940, it completed four black and white films before it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Other mammals in the forest include the coyote, moose, bobcat, beaver, yellow bellied marmot, pika	pika	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Greece: 30 Rock originally airs on Universal Channel Greece. The first season of the series finished airing on	on	ADP	Alter	PROPN	 Alter
Rihanna enters, grabbing his attention. She smiles at him and walks towards a fridge and grabs a milk	milk	NOUN	package	NOUN	 package
Scott served under George Washington in the Braddock Expedition, a failed attempt to capture Fort Duquesne from the French	French	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The album was released on July 9, 2002 on Warner Bros. Records. It sold over 286,000 copies in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since then, it has spread at least as far as Saldanha Bay in the north and Camps Bay in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The circumstances of the battalion's establishment overseas resulted in the situation of the battalion's personnel being issued two	two	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
Prior to the official announcement of his departure, there was speculation that the role of O'Malley would be recast	recast	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Toward music more adventurous than Wagner's, especially that of Richard Strauss and later Claude Debussy, Rimsky Korsakov	Korsakov	PROPN	's	PART	's
Despite this, the JMA only increased the intensity slightly to 170 km / h (105 mph).	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Some games feature overwhelming numbers of enemy projectiles and the player has to memorise their patterns to survive. These	These	DET	games	NOUN	 games
A similar act was introduced into the Barebones Parliament, but it too failed to be enacted before that parliament	parliament	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Fefa passed over the Big Island and rapidly weakened back to a tropical depression later that day. It finally	finally	ADV	dissipated	VERB	 dissipated
His force formed one of the four detachments, and Mihailović ordered that all four detachments be placed under the	the	DET	overall	ADJ	 overall
The next night, Abby admits to Owen that she is a vampire and that Thomas was not her father	father	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She also said that Fuller's history of the Roman Republic would have been her greatest work: " The	The	DET	work	NOUN	 work
The Dark Blues ' lead was down to half a length by the time the crews passed Harrods Furniture Depository	Depository	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1934, two years after his wife Margaret's death from cancer, Davies married Sephora Davies, a	a	DET	schoolteacher	NOUN	 schoolteacher
During a state of war, the president may promulgate regulations with the force of law on the basis of	of	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Its design combines the surviving elements of the medieval castle with 19th century additions to produce a building which the	the	DET	historian	NOUN	 historian
The unknown librettist retained the words of stanzas 1, 2 and 18 as movements 1, 2 and 6	6	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Encountering even colder waters and continued shear, the storm weakened further while turning to the east southeast. On	On	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Each gun was provided with 90 shells per gun. They had a powerful secondary battery, being the only	only	ADJ	British	ADJ	 British
I also wonder how it fits in with the alternate universe. " The A.V. Club's Zack Handlen graded	graded	VERB	the	DET	 the
Later in May, he gained 57 delegates from Florida, as favorite son candidate Senator George Smathers defeated McCarthy	McCarthy	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
After returning to Basel, Servetus published Two Books of Dialogues on the Trinity (Latin: Dialogorum de Trinitate	Trinitate	PROPN	libri	NOUN	 libri
Leslie (Amy Poehler) initially supports the deal as well, until Ann (Rashida Jones) informs her	her	PRON	they	PRON	 they
Metacritic gave the movie a Metascore of 80, signifying " generally favorable reviews ". Entertainment Weekly named the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, US 9W was truncated to Albany while US 9	9	NUM	was	AUX	 was
". Cosima's journal entry for 12 February 1883 — the last she was to make — records Wagner	Wagner	PROPN	reading	VERB	 reading
Wagner made immediate arrangements to rent the house, at the king's expense, and by 15 April was	was	AUX	installed	VERB	 installed
According to writer Ryan Jones, James left high school as " the most hyped basketball player ever ".	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
She and her family are Catholic and reside in a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Evancho began her education	education	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
From mid 1779 until late 1780, however, the Maryland and Virginia Rifle Regiment was primarily deployed in detachments	detachments	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Cheilocystidia (cystidia on the gill edge) are broadly club shaped to cylindrical, hyaline (translucent),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Parts of Dalmatia were annexed by Italy and the northern Croatian regions of Baranja and Međimurje were annexed by Hungary	Hungary	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike modern linescan units that use infrared imaging, the TSR 2's linescan would use daylight imaging or an	an	DET	artificial	ADJ	 artificial
After claiming 3 / 92 in the first innings, he took 9 / 50 in the second innings.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Emissions from these units are released through the station's second, smaller chimney, to the south of the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
They are currently thought to play an important role by transmitting HIV to T cells when the virus is captured	captured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
That stopped tackling and slugging. We tried out the game with those [new] rules (fouls)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Copyright Promotions Licensing Group handled lincensing in the United Kingdom. Turner ensured that the license agreements forbade retailers from	from	ADP	discounting	VERB	 discounting
In 1932, he joined the Van Beuren Studios as an animator and storyboard artist. He worked on cartoon	cartoon	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
There are many possible reasons for the delay, including self doubt, his third symphony and an unhappy period	period	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On rare occasions, this species has been seen at the surface. The frilled shark is usually found close	close	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Imperatritsa Mariya proved to be very bow heavy in service and tended to ship large amounts of water through her	her	PRON	forward	ADJ	 forward
In the 1975 book The Evolution and Ecology of the Dinosaurs, L. B. Halstead depicts the animal as an	an	DET	amphibious	ADJ	 amphibious
Another example of tectonic features on Enceladus are the linear grooves first found by Voyager 2 and seen at a	a	DET	much	ADV	 much
Both formed part of the national collection at the National Railway Museum but in 2016 ownership of the New L	L	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
Carry remains with her family for the rest of her life, but although she has returned to decency,	,	PUNCT	her	PRON	 her
" Walters opined that the film's " menacing " use of British seaside locations was similar to that in	in	ADP	Brighton	PROPN	 Brighton
Most recently, Lupe Fiasco claimed to believe Islam will one day take over the world. Fiasco is noted	noted	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Currently storming the charts a la ' Yellow ', ' In My Place ' is another surprisingly simple song	song	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While the Laplacian nebular model dominated in the 19th century, it encountered a number of difficulties. The main	main	ADJ	problem	NOUN	 problem
It shimmers like Siouxsie's ' Christine '. It's a credit to the band's producing skills that	that	PRON	such	DET	 such
Filmmaker Subhash Ghai was quoted in 2010 as saying that a film like this could never be repeated: "	"	PUNCT	Mughal	ADJ	 Mughal
Put simply, using observed mass loss rates in the best models of stellar evolution do not reproduce the observed	observed	ADJ	distribution	NOUN	 distribution
Others build their equipment from scratch (called homebrewing) using both modern and vintage era components. In the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
On the following day, Josephine weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane before becoming nearly stationary. It later	later	ADV	headed	VERB	 headed
Austen, at a lecture by Herbert Gladstone in 1892 commented that " we only know of antimony at the	the	DET	present	ADJ	 present
It was the longest running South Indian film, until its record was overtaken the Telugu film Magadheera (2009	2009	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Zeus could, for instance, be used to protect SAC bases, thereby requiring the Soviets to expend more	more	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Preceded by the release of two singles and music videos for the songs " I Love American Music " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
SSH 5D served as a connector between Federal Way and Puyallup and SSH 5 G served as a connector between	between	ADP	Puyallup	PROPN	 Puyallup
Then, in 1977, Taylor and his party of entomologists from Canberra serendipitously discovered a solitary worker ant at	at	ADP	Poochera	PROPN	 Poochera
The Half Life port possesses many of the Source engine's graphical strengths as well as control weaknesses that have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Menzies dropped Kent Hughes from cabinet in 1956, ostensibly because Menzies opposed some of his housing plans for Canberra	Canberra	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
, " well, that means something else. Since Madonna had to rush release the first six songs from	from	ADP	Rebel	PROPN	 Rebel
In North Carolina, Charley produced an estimated storm surge of 2 – 3 ft (0.5 – 1 m	m	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Grateful for the improvement at the box office, Robison signed Bresnahan to a five year contract to manage the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Balzac's other problem was financial: despite his illness, he could not afford to relax his work schedule	schedule	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There was no clear difference in the sounds made by the different species measured: Crotalus horridus, Crotalus adamanteus	adamanteus	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A bet on the game between the governors of Kansas and Virginia was resolved when Virginia Governor Tim Kaine sent	sent	VERB	a	DET	 a
Khrushchev was invited to visit the United States, and did so that September, spending thirteen days. Khrushchev	Khrushchev	PROPN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
The Atlantic Monthly described the book as " a crushing indictment of the Japanese army's behavior ". The	The	DET	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
Armoured and mechanized forces were tasked with the capture of eastern Slavonia and advances west towards Zagreb and Varaždin.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The puzzles had mixed reactions. Kristan Reed of Eurogamer expressed disappointment with the degree to which the game had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The use of innovative one handed forms though, even in environments which favored them, did not exceed 50	50	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
He planned to move the remnants of Oklahoma Row out of the path of the rising lake waters. In	In	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
However, combined opposition from both the vicar of the local All Saints Church, Wraxall and the church's	's	PART	patron	NOUN	 patron
Perry debuted the first televised performance of song on at the 54th Grammy Awards and has also performed the song	song	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
It was most likely Braose who commissioned a condensed copy of Domesday Book, now Public Record Office manuscript E164	E164	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Following most present day damaging earthquakes, teams of investigators from institutions such as the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute are	are	AUX	sent	VERB	 sent
His last words were: Long live Germany. Long live Argentina. Long live Austria. These are the	the	DET	three	NUM	 three
The Bodleian Library, Cambridge University Library, and the National Libraries of Scotland and Wales are also entitled to	to	ADP	copies	NOUN	 copies
Protesters resorted to Salmaniya Hospital's car parks where thousands of them protested against the government. All 18 Members	Members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It first entered service with the Royal Navy in April 1980 as the Sea Harrier FRS1 and became informally known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Five of the bells were cast in 1741 by Abel Rudhall of Gloucester. They were rehung in 1908.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The 1993 study, which also researched the impact on household expenditures, formed a completely different conclusion: that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The HD DVD release came in July 2006, while the film was released on Blu ray Disc two years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Thanks to this extended aircraft park the ZNDH could now form new units: in January the 1st Group,	,	PUNCT	comprising	VERB	 comprising
The franchise also includes illustrated short stories about Ariel's life as a human, such as Ariel and the	the	DET	Aquamarine	PROPN	 Aquamarine
So it was a very personal choice for that book. " Eragon's dragon, Saphira, was imagined	imagined	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The starting pitchers Lee and CC Sabathia continued to pitch until the top of the eighth when Sabathia was replaced	replaced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Earlier in the day, Logan's wife, Valencia Flood, fearing for her safety and the safety of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This treaty was contingent on the tribe examining the land proposed for them and accepting it as suitable. In	In	ADP	1850	NUM	 1850
In fact, four different species of Shigella are nested among E. coli strains (vide supra), while	while	SCONJ	E.	PROPN	 E.
Cornell University professor L. Pearce Williams observes: The result of the Curies ' work was epoch making. Radium	Radium	PROPN	's	PART	's
Clips of Carey singing in desperation in the rain are intercut with footage of her recording her vocals in the	the	DET	recording	NOUN	 recording
The discovery of main belt comets and active centaurs has blurred the distinction between asteroids and comets. As of	of	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
He agrees and becomes distraught when he realizes what he has done. David consoles him and before he dies	dies	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The trustees of these temples have reportedly disputed the Guinness World Record. The Meenakshi temple in Madurai has the	the	DET	length	NOUN	 length
Viewers around the world witnessed his heartbreak as he fell and crashed into the outer wall in the first quarter	quarter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Further notable decisions by Denning in this area were Heseltine v Heseltine [1971] 1 WLR 342 in 1971	1971	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Statistical Self Similarity and Fractional Dimension, crystallising mathematical thought into the concept of the fractal. Living things like	like	ADP	orchids	NOUN	 orchids
Matterhorn S (for stellarator, another name coined by Wheeler), under Lyman Spitzer, investigated nuclear fusion	fusion	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
A further 7 children and 23 adults lost their lives outside the school, in the streets or adjoining houses	houses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At roughly 8: 45 am, she collided at low speed – approximately one knot (1 to 1.5	1.5	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Near the head of Ithan creek, in Radnor, a grist mill and saw mill, head and fall	fall	VERB	about	ADP	 about
" New York's David Denbey dismissed Nala's athleticism as nothing more than Disney's attempt to " disguise	disguise	VERB	[	X	 [
American Idiot opened in the Berkeley Repertory Theatre during the end of 2009. The show features an expanded story	story	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His firing caused a rift in segments of the black community, leading some to believe that Sawyer was also	also	ADV	involved	VERB	 involved
Meanwhile, at the power plant Homer's very mean spirited boss, Mr. Burns, announces that there will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Powell left Canada immediately upon his release, but not before being paid $4,000 by the Alberta government as	as	ADP	thanks	NOUN	 thanks
Rəfael Hüseynov, the Director of the Nizami Museum of Azerbaijani Literature, in his written question to the Committee	Committee	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
A fresh invasion of Livonia by the Swedes recalled him thither once more, and in 1609 he relieved Riga	Riga	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1806, he was prevented from selling West Wycombe by the trustees of his son, to whom the	the	DET	estate	NOUN	 estate
Chad Hermansen, who played for the Sounds from 1998 to 2002, holds three career franchise records: runs	runs	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He had cleared the streets with " a whiff of grapeshot ", according to 19th century historian Thomas Carlyle	Carlyle	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
To Inglis, the characters in " Let It Down " are engaged in an adulterous affair, with the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
They were sacrificing her to propitiate the god of Spring. Such was the theme of the Sacre du Printemps	Printemps	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The central figure of the mandalas is Vairocana, one of the Five Great Buddhas, whose incarnation the Vinayakas	Vinayakas	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
Each crew saw the return of five former Blues, including the Light Blue number six Robert Kinglake who was	was	AUX	rowing	VERB	 rowing
Its lyrics deal with boasting, sex, social commentary, and club themes, featuring Big Boi's clever	clever	ADJ	wordplay	NOUN	 wordplay
Writing for Time magazine, David Browne said Dreaming of You's release was " one of the quickest posthumous	posthumous	ADJ	albums	NOUN	 albums
She was named after the Lictor (" Littorio " in Italian), in ancient times the bearer of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Blu ray and Video CD versions were released at the same time. 7 Khoon Maaf was critically praised	praised	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" In 1870, he opposed the pig iron tariff as too high, against the wishes of fellow Pennsylvanian	Pennsylvanian	PROPN	William	PROPN	 William
In name of their Namibian born daughter, they have funded large animal conservation projects as well as a free	free	ADJ	health	NOUN	 health
Under cross examination, both admitted that it had rained heavily between the time the footprints were made and the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
' It's immune to punk criticism. " In July 2008, he refocused his efforts on a solo	solo	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
Although Tuđman was displeased with the proposal, the RSK authorities — influenced by Serbian President Slobodan Milošević — refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
Between 1914 – 15, some of Turgut Reis's guns were removed and employed as coastal guns to shore	shore	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In 1960, after meeting civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. and hearing him speak, she and	and	CCONJ	Killens	PROPN	 Killens
The highly unpopular Truman was handily defeated by Kefauver; 18 days later the president announced he would not seek	seek	VERB	a	DET	 a
Their promotion via the Conference Premier play offs in 2011 – 12 meant they played in League Two, after	after	ADP	an	DET	 an
The film earned US $603 million at the international box office. Schwimmer took part in directing in studio	studio	NOUN	segments	NOUN	 segments
More than 100 metres (330 ft) long, the walls of the canal are decorated with tiled panels	panels	NOUN	depicting	VERB	 depicting
According to graphic designers Storm Thorgerson and Aubrey Powell, Yokoo depicted groups of jellyfish, coral reefs, and	and	CCONJ	brightly	ADV	 brightly
The effect was devastating, as communication lines were breached, ammunition dumps destroyed and forward observation points shattered.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
The Greek states of Athens and Eretria allowed themselves to be drawn into this conflict by Aristagoras, and during	during	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The episode has generally received positive reviews from television critics. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book	book	NOUN	Wanting	VERB	 Wanting
During this period of time Lambesis was also working on music and found time to release the third full length	length	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
These patterns will be " queered " by their head form, generating three point axes, which are then	then	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
With Nelson already dying below decks on Victory, Captain of the Fleet Thomas Hardy ordered Agamemnon and several other	other	ADJ	ships	NOUN	 ships
Baker was born in Ferndale and starred in films such as the The Cruel Sea (1953) and Richard	Richard	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
In the fourth stanza, the narrator emphasizes the internal when he describes how he is inspired by Psyche:	:	PUNCT	O	INTJ	 O
In 2002, the show itself was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's Program. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the ensuing skirmish, Private William B. Mecomson was fatally wounded. The militia men put the wounded man	man	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Most houses are in the lowest rated Council Tax bands A and B. In April 2012, 1493 people were	were	AUX	claiming	VERB	 claiming
It is susceptible to bud rot caused by the oomycete Phytophthora palmivora and by the fungus Thielaviopsis paradoxa. The	The	DET	species	NOUN	 species
The following week, LayCool revealed that they had cut the championship belt into two, turning it into a	a	DET	friendship	NOUN	 friendship
By 1876 these problems had been resolved, providing a solution for servicing the early skyscrapers. New environmental technologies	technologies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Initial reviews of the book were mixed. Some reviewers accused Balzac of plagiarism or of overwhelming the reader	reader	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The Caelifera includes some 2,400 valid genera and about 11,000 species. Many undescribed species probably exist, especially in	in	ADP	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The ball in Ziff's manor points back to a scene in the season 2 episode " The Way We	We	PRON	Was	AUX	 Was
Their eggs produce ciliated swimming larvae, and the life cycle has one or two hosts. These parasites attach	attach	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
" Leroy Douresseaux of Coolstreak Cartoons wrote: " By turns bizarre and unsettling, Godchild is actually quite engaging	engaging	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
On June 16, 2001, the Thai government under Thaksin Shinawatra agreed to open the sluice gates of the	the	DET	Pak	PROPN	 Pak
As a result of the agreement, the suspicion against the clergy and the Christians was removed. During Hyder	Hyder	PROPN	's	PART	's
Reith asked him if he wished to take on the chief conductorship, and if so whether he would resign	resign	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Cisse then scored his penalty to put Liverpool 2 – 0 up. Tomasson scored Milan's next penalty to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Gore ’ s terse explanation of course does not mention such complexities, but the crux of his point –	–	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Drowned World Tour became the highest grossing concert tour of 2001 by a solo artist, as well as the	the	DET	fourth	ADV	 fourth
He later sold it to Ibiza Rocks in 2008. At the time of sale, The Mail on Sunday	Sunday	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The two main cities are Sabang and Balohan. Balohan is a ferry port that serves as a hub between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reger thought the Hebbel Requiem was " among the most beautiful things " he ever wrote. It has been	been	AUX	described	VERB	 described
" The competition was canceled due to lack of funds. The development of women's football in Africa faces	faces	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
In the early days of August 1856, a girl by the name of McGraff was injured by an oncoming	oncoming	ADJ	train	NOUN	 train
Labonte chose sixth place, while Bowyer chose seventh, ahead of Newman and Derrike Cope in eighth and ninth	ninth	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In Genoa and Venice he was impressed by the local shipyards, and in Pisa he witnessed a specially organized	organized	VERB	mock	ADJ	 mock
It was written and produced by Madonna, Avicii, DJ Dahi, and Michael Diamonds, with additional writing	writing	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The most common underwater flow is pillow lava, a circular lava flow named after its unusual shape. Less	Less	ADV	common	ADJ	 common
In charge of the game's fifty sound effects, Yamaoka wanted to surprise the player with different sounds and	and	CCONJ	create	VERB	 create
The venue is located at Fornebu, a peninsula in Bærum, located 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
She displaced 17,600 metric tons (17,300 long tons) at standard load and 20,570 metric tons (20,250 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
The role of Isabella is portrayed by Indian actress Freida Pinto, who after an introduction by Guzmán, the	the	DET	zoo	NOUN	 zoo
The fourth limb proscribes the imposition of religious tests to qualify for any Commonwealth office or public trust. Only	Only	ADV	the	DET	 the
The proposed category of disordered attachment is parallel to RAD in its inhibited and disinhibited forms, as defined in	in	ADP	DSM	PROPN	 DSM
Music was originally created by Brian Johnston (Scott's younger brother), who sampled bits of copyrighted music	music	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While Leonard Harrison and Colton Point State Parks and parts of the surrounding Tioga State Forest are now the Pine	Pine	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
This location made the vessel an easy target for German bombing (at that time, one vessel out of	of	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Upon the death of Lord Lurgan in 1937, Carnavon was told that he had to begin paying for his	his	PRON	staying	VERB	 staying
Originally only two dates were announced, however due to huge demand from fans two further dates were added at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is added to borscht shortly before the soup is done, as prolonged boiling would cause the tart flavor	flavor	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Because eruptive activity ceased 250,000 years ago, glaciers have heavily eroded the volcano's structure, creating precipitous slopes	slopes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Nine years later, in a similar fashion, Red Sox manager Terry Francona managed the American League team at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
For the first time, Grove finished a full season with an ERA above 4.00. He ended the season	season	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The single release was originally announced on January 23, 2013. It was released in Britain on March 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
By 1830, the road network in Istria had expanded to a degree that would not change for a century	century	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She goes even further in the next episode, " I Kissed a Girl ", when she stuffs an	an	DET	election	NOUN	 election
In the late 17th century, a number of physical astronomy theories drawing from Kepler's work — notably those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The Spanish city of Almería was also used as a location. Largo's Palmyran fortress was actually historic Fort	Fort	PROPN	Carré	PROPN	 Carré
" Other reactions were unfavorable. Artist Kenyon Cox, one of the invited artists to the 1891 competition,	,	PUNCT	stated	VERB	 stated
It is based neither on a clear electoral mandate like ordinary MPs, nor on expertise or specialization (as	as	ADP	in	ADP	 in
Tilghman Street and Union Boulevard became a major long distance traffic route, and as of 1999 had eight diners	diners	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
For production, the process was changed to use magnesium instead of calcium; magnesium was cheaper, more readily	readily	ADV	available	ADJ	 available
Hundreds of slow lorises are sold domestically each year in Indonesian at open air animal markets (or " bird	bird	NOUN	markets	NOUN	 markets
He plans to use the Dark Sword of Chaos to use Irene's life force to open the Gate of	of	ADP	Darkness	PROPN	 Darkness
In the past it included the Philippine crocodile, C. n. mindorensis, as a subspecies, but today they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
After reviewing various other critics of Shakespeare, Hazlitt focuses on two of the most important, including the influential	influential	ADJ	Dr.	PROPN	 Dr.
Although the villa was small, the couple used its 2 hectares (4.9 acres) of land to open	open	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Television Without Pity gave the third season finale an " A ". The Sydney Morning Herald wrote that	that	SCONJ	Lost	PROPN	 Lost
He was commissioned as a lieutenant in September. He landed at Anzac on 25 April 1915, and his	his	PRON	battalion	NOUN	 battalion
After failing to regain his fitness for the final, he announced his retirement. Madeley played in his place	place	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
On August 6 it had appeared Hector had strengthened, but steadily weakened afterwards and finally dissipated on August 9	9	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At this time, Generalfeldmarschall (General Field Marshal) Paul von Hindenburg, the commander in chief of German	German	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
Vasu reworked the script he wrote for Apthamitra to suit Rajinikanth's style of acting. The film dealt mainly	mainly	ADV	with	ADP	 with
One hundred edits were added before the security protection was added. " The Negotiation " first aired on April	April	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
The following year, artificial turf was installed at Memorial Stadium. The Garden City Public Schools Foundation was founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In an interview, Brown described the work as " a blast. " He said " I came up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
However, Dety quickly fell to tropical disturbance status the next day while undergoing a counterclockwise loop. After turning	turning	VERB	back	ADV	 back
The state's first governor's mansion was constructed during the gubernatorial tenure of James Garrard. According to tradition	tradition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Factors taken into account by this analysis included increased benefits particularly for the individual market, more healthy policyholders due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Clash started working at Sesame Street for ten episodes in 1983, mostly performing nondescript, stand in puppets known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" Billboard's Gary Trust felt that on the album, Carey was in " pristine form ", stating	stating	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The company was expected to take the opposite approach to Marvel, releasing individual films for the characters after they	they	PRON	have	AUX	 have
She is voiced by Olivia Olson in most appearances, by Ava Acres as a child and by Cloris Leachman	Leachman	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
ASU ’ s Rudy Carpenter fumbled the ball as ASU was close to scoring a touchdown. Chris Jessee,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The song was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association, denoting sales of 35,000 copies. On the	the	DET	Slovakian	PROPN	 Slovakian
The Forbidden City, as the residence of the terrestrial emperor, was its earthly counterpart. Jin, or	or	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
As he became more frail, O'Reily would ask certain priests to accompany him when he travelled, among whom	whom	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The calf remains with its mother until her next calf is born a year later. The black wildebeest inhabits	inhabits	VERB	open	ADJ	 open
Bell was impressed by the way the characters ' relationship " inspires gay youth in a way that we have	have	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The dealership became successful and Easley was named president of the African American Dealers Association. In 1999, Easley	Easley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The gas leak resulted in an explosion and an ensuing fire that killed six people. Firefighters were unable to	to	PART	render	VERB	 render
The garrison on Ösel numbered some 14,000 men. The operation began on 12 October, when Bayern, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
It is still considered one of the greatest music videos of all time, ranking number 40 on Stylus Magazine	Magazine	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Associated Press reported that Piane was " drawn to the musicality of Bale's rage filled voice ".	.	PUNCT	Piane	PROPN	 Piane
It had been proposed to expand it to a larger Islamic centre on a 70000 m² site. It was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
Abi receives her exam results and discovers she has not gained the grades to go to university to become a	a	DET	vet	NOUN	 vet
Analogously, as uranium decays (eventually) into lead, their relative amounts change; this allows for uranium	uranium	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
For long distance travel, Re di Portogallo was fitted with three masts and was barque rigged. Re di	di	X	Portogallo	PROPN	 Portogallo
She has participated in fashion shows displaying red dresses worn on celebrities as well. Bush's mother, Jenna	Jenna	PROPN	Welch	PROPN	 Welch
Coon is an easily angered Maine Coon who specializes in swimming. Minky is a Tonkinese who befriends Cyan and	and	CCONJ	Scottie	PROPN	 Scottie
Hearing sounds of digging, they dismounted, continuing on foot until they located a group of Turks digging trenches	trenches	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Derek Staples of Consequence of Sound commented on the album's wide range of genres, including glitch, chillwave	chillwave	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Clinton's primary rival, Paul Tsongas (the New Hampshire Democratic primary winner), later withdrew, citing	citing	VERB	a	DET	 a
From Chindong ni some ROK Marine Corps units continued the line to the southern coast. Kean's 25th Division	Division	PROPN	command	NOUN	 command
Lord Nelson regarded her as his favourite ship, and to her crew she was known by the affectionate nickname	nickname	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
In May 1941, Representative Edith Nourse Rogers of Massachusetts introduced the bill in the U.S. Congress to establish a	a	DET	Women	PROPN	 Women
East Sussex County Council has responsibility for education, libraries, social services, civil registration, trading standards and	and	CCONJ	transport	NOUN	 transport
South of the Tuscola County line, the trunkline passes the Greenbriar Golf Club and crosses the Pere Marquette Railroad	Railroad	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
5 June 2013 — Villars les Dombes to Parc des Oiseaux, 32.5 km (20.2 mi), individual	individual	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
In the closing months of 1992, and also the opening months of 1993, dozens of articles mentioning misdeeds	misdeeds	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Early on July 23, the storm briefly became disorganized, with the low level circulation becoming ill defined.	.	PUNCT	Around	ADP	 Around
Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) meets a successful and attractive CNBC host (Banks). Elsewhere	Elsewhere	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In all but 1936 (he scored 993 runs that year), he scored around 1,500 runs and in	in	ADP	all	PRON	 all
Eddy allowed exceptions from Christian Science prayer, including for dentistry, optometry and broken limbs; she said she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
In 1988 Sonic Youth recorded " Within You Without You " for the NME's multi artist tribute Sgt.	.	PUNCT	Pepper	PROPN	 Pepper
Over 90% of this pollution comes from farm runoff. 80% of the land adjacent to the Great	Great	PROPN	Barrier	PROPN	 Barrier
The result of this election were declared on 16 May, before the 15th Lok Sabha completed its constitutional mandate	mandate	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In 1976 she was awarded an OBE. In 1986 she was awarded a CBE. David has appeared in	in	ADP	fictional	ADJ	 fictional
This is reflected by the locution " Disgusted of Tunbridge Wells ", a fictional writer of letters to national	national	ADJ	newspapers	NOUN	 newspapers
Constable's charcoal and wash study of the " ivy mantled tower " in stanza 3 is held by the	the	DET	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
Galileo was one of the first Europeans to observe sunspots, although Kepler had unwittingly observed one in 1607,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
747 AAC – a Boeing study under contract from the USAF for an " airborne aircraft carrier " for up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
The brigade's mission at that time focused on close air support, medevac missions, and other duties involving	involving	VERB	combat	NOUN	 combat
Pentangle reached their highest point of commercial success with the release of their Basket of Light album in 1969.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He felt that with this approach everyone would benefit at the company level and in the national economy. Such	Such	DET	an	DET	 an
Five Omaha based companies: Berkshire Hathaway, ConAgra Foods, Union Pacific Railroad, Mutual of Omaha, and	and	CCONJ	Kiewit	PROPN	 Kiewit
Boniface had Mellitus take two papal letters back to England, one to Æthelbert and his people, and another	another	PRON	to	ADP	 to
The use of motion detecting game controllers – particularly the Wii's – " promised to make FPS controls more	more	ADV	approachable	ADJ	 approachable
During the course of filming, the submarine depot ship HMS Maidstone was used as a mother ship for Tiptoe	Tiptoe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He built a reputation as a " fighting admiral " in the aircraft carrier battles of 1942 and commanded the	the	DET	Allied	ADJ	 Allied
The area is divided into 69 mauzas and 59 villages. Along with neighboring towns such as Hathazari, Fateyabad	Fateyabad	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The badge of the club is one of the most recognizable sport symbols in Slovenia. It is based on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other memes originating on the site have gained media attention of a lesser degree. These include " So I	I	PRON	herd	VERB	 herd
At age 17, Peale began to work for the Delaware cotton factory of William Young, on the Brandywine	Brandywine	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
The script was written by the usual eight person team led by Victoria Pile, and produced and directed by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was released worldwide throughout February 2012. On December 29, 2011, Fallout: New Vegas director Josh	Josh	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The team ended Terry and Dory Funk, Jr. ' s year and a half run with the WWC World	World	PROPN	Tag	PROPN	 Tag
In 2000, Benjamin signed a contract with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and was placed in its	its	PRON	developmental	ADJ	 developmental
Along with wind direction, cloud cover is one of the oldest atmospheric conditions to be coded on a station	station	NOUN	model	NOUN	 model
From the early 1890s to around 1910, farms boomed both in number and in value, with the number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Autobiography was No. 1 on Maclean's list of nonfiction bestsellers in Canada for four weeks and spent	spent	VERB	fifteen	NUM	 fifteen
Did it cause all of my ideas to die as soon as they were born? Was it his heaven	heaven	NOUN	given	VERB	 given
The first chemical for hypertension, sodium thiocyanate, was used in 1900 but had many side effects and was	was	AUX	unpopular	ADJ	 unpopular
Executive producer Cameron Welsh promised viewers that the storyline would play a big part of the serial in 2011.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Large scale support for the Confederacy among Golden Circle members and southern Hoosiers in general declined after Morgan's raiders	raiders	NOUN	ransacked	VERB	 ransacked
After the fair, the Playhouse became the Seattle Repertory Theatre; in the mid 1980s it became the Intiman	Intiman	PROPN	Playhouse	PROPN	 Playhouse
the size and shape of the upper jaw and lower jaw, looking especially for problems such as maxillary hypoplasia	hypoplasia	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He also decided to avoid the conventional good versus evil setting typical for the genre, using the fight between	between	ADP	Achilles	PROPN	 Achilles
To help him with all this work, his wife Paula inked many of his pencil drawings in these years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Congress and the northern white public, however, had lost interest in African American rights, and federal funding	funding	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The event that sparked formal hostilities was the capture of a boat and the murder of its captain John Oldham	Oldham	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Browder regretted after season 10 that he had not worked enough with the cast besides Tapping, and that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Construction of the extension began in June 1928. Due to the station's proximity to the Cranberry Street Tunnel	Tunnel	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
I mean, all the bands say they try to make the strongest album, but this time, I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
[On the I Am disc,] I really wanted people to hear my voice and hear what I	I	PRON	had	VERB	 had
The training exercises which he conducted in the succeeding months with Navy high speed transports (APDs) led to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
After attending Helena High School for two years, he left school in 1918 and returned to the family ranch	ranch	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Not only do their bodies tend to regulate temperatures within the nest, but excrement, food remains and feather	feather	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to the race's rules, the three candidates receiving the most votes on the first ballot would move	move	VERB	on	ADP	 on
During the excavations, large caliber firearms were found – hakebössor, similar to blunderbusses; they were equipped with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Crowley soon progressed through the lower grades of the Golden Dawn, and was ready to enter the group's	's	PART	inner	ADJ	 inner
With hostility towards reform growing, the poor results, and Kosygin's reformist stance, led to a popular	popular	ADJ	backlash	NOUN	 backlash
Henry III restored some protection and Jewish money lending began to recover. Despite this, the Jewish community became	became	VERB	increasingly	ADV	 increasingly
The album features guest vocals from Afrikan Boy, The Wilcannia Mob, and Timbaland, and further collaborations with	with	ADP	Switch	PROPN	 Switch
The revolutionary leader Mirabeau eventually settled the matter by symbolically starting the destruction of the battlements himself, after which	which	PRON	a	DET	 a
By the mid 1980s, both the District line (extended to the East End in 1884 and 1902)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Successful Hezbollah counterintelligence operations include thwarting the CIA's attempted kidnapping of foreign operations chief Hassan Ezzeddine in 1994;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Henry often acted as a purchaser for the king, for example in 1188 Cornhill spent 290 pounds on gold	gold	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Then any possible function other than a matrix is derived from a matrix by means of generalization, that is	is	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Harding vetoed it, and the veto was narrowly sustained. A bonus, not payable in cash, was	was	AUX	voted	VERB	 voted
As a reviewer for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), she refused to authorize thalidomide for	for	ADP	market	NOUN	 market
" " The Stones of Venice " (1919), " A Day Under the Big Top: A	A	DET	Study	NOUN	 Study
From November to April 1944, the ship was based in Freetown to escort convoys between Freetown and Gibraltar.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The Harbour porpoise, spectacled porpoise, Burmeister's porpoise, and Dall's porpoise are all listed on Appendix	Appendix	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
He embarked on numerous storyline feuds with " legendary " wrestlers and gained infamy for his blatant disrespect of many	many	ADJ	older	ADJ	 older
Japan will host the 2019 IRB Rugby World Cup. Baseball is currently the most popular spectator sport in the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
' The lesson is, Every time you do, you get slaughtered. " The Iron Giant received widespread	widespread	ADJ	critical	ADJ	 critical
Lt. Cmdr. Data (Brent Spiner) and Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton) are unable to	to	PART	locate	VERB	 locate
Central Campus was the original location of U M when it moved to Ann Arbor in 1837. It originally	originally	ADV	had	VERB	 had
Very few of them were in condition to follow their leader, who fell, covered with wounds, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He had been invalided out of the Navy after fighting in the Battle of Copenhagen in 1801, but retained	retained	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Some unclear passages in the Coffin Texts suggest that Apep was thought capable of injuring or stealing the Eye of	of	ADP	Ra	PROPN	 Ra
... I could good people rehearse much more... but you know I have another thing to do, whereunto	whereunto	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
However, the review took issue with the characterisation of She and the manner of her demise: " To	To	ADP	the	DET	 the
Danny Smith, Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild served as executive producers, and James Purdum and Domonic Bianchi as	as	ADP	supervising	VERB	 supervising
The city's website was given a " Sunny Award " by Sunshine Review for its transparency efforts. As	As	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bannon witnessed a younger sorority sister's unabashed infatuation with the older sister. She recalls it was an awkward	awkward	ADJ	situation	NOUN	 situation
" Goblet of Fire stands as one of the best reviewed instalments within the series, and is noted for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
A circulation began redeveloping on November 26 and at 0000 UTC the next day, the JTWC reclassified the system	system	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
However, excavations at nearby Midsummer Hill fort, Bredon Hill, and Croft Ambrey all show evidence of violent	violent	ADJ	destruction	NOUN	 destruction
" IGN chose it as the third worst James Bond film, behind only The Man with the Golden Gun	Gun	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was succeeded by opposition candidate Ernesto Pérez Balladares on September 1, 1994. Endara ran for office again	again	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Drake also performed in Dubai, being one of the only artists ever to perform in the city. On	On	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Guevara learned chess from his father and began participating in local tournaments by age 12. During adolescence and throughout	throughout	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was performed at the Tennis Court Theatre at Holyrood Palace before the parliamentary high commissioner John Leslie, Earl	Earl	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Returning to the flour milling business after the war, he was appointed president of the Victorian Flour Millers '	'	PART	Association	PROPN	 Association
Devotion to a particular saint is represented by symbols established in iconography and heraldic tradition. In the Church of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The stall ends have poppyheads and are rich with figurative carving. The stalls include 48 misericords, all but	but	SCONJ	five	NUM	 five
Italy was quiet, and neither Metternich's attempt to lecture the new Prussian king Frederick William IV nor the	the	DET	boredom	NOUN	 boredom
Stellar light is polarized by atmospheric molecules; this could be detected with a polarimeter. HD 189733 b has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
A combination of fatigue from the Australian tour and his need to return to work reduced the amount of cricket	cricket	NOUN	Allen	PROPN	 Allen
For example, in all languages, linguistic expressions can be used not just to transmit information, but to	to	PART	perform	VERB	 perform
When asked where all her compassion and deep caring came from, Hsu replied: I must have got it	it	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Brühl honoured her with an entry in its Golden Book. Müller helped the national team defend their European Championship	Championship	PROPN	title	NOUN	 title
The heightened precautions were due in part to fears that effects from the storm would be similar to that of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The trial lasted almost two months, from November 1862 to January 1863, and by the end of it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
As this was an unofficial competition, any titles during this time are not counted as Irish League Championships.	.	PUNCT	Linfield	PROPN	 Linfield
Instead of relying strictly on fast tempos as on Kill ' Em All, Metallica broadened its approach by employing	employing	VERB	acoustic	ADJ	 acoustic
Billy Budd (1951) was well received at its Covent Garden premiere and was regarded by reviewers as an	an	DET	advance	NOUN	 advance
The Russians had in fact already left Libau, which was seized by the German Army. The minefield laid	laid	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Steaming eastward, she surfaced 10 miles (16 km) off Waikiki on 6 December. The sub was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Picea breweriana exists in a few small locations on the igneous slopes behind the lake. Other deciduous trees at	at	ADP	lower	ADJ	 lower
According to Della Rocca, Thompson then challenged him to a series of gaming debates, claiming that they could	could	AUX	each	ADV	 each
In 1807, the local landowner Alexander Fraser was clearing his estates to make way for sheep, and founded	founded	VERB	Evanton	PROPN	 Evanton
Critical reception for the series was mixed, with one writer calling it " a lot of fun " while	while	SCONJ	another	PRON	 another
Under pressure of the attention from the program, van der Sloot voluntarily checked into a psychiatric clinic before departing	departing	VERB	for	ADP	 for
At the same time, hundreds of state maintained highways that did not yet have a route number were assigned	assigned	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Following the success of The Terminator, Cameron and producing partner Gale Anne Hurd were given approval to direct and	and	CCONJ	produce	VERB	 produce
She published her last work of translation in 1941. Entitled " In Napoleonic Days ", it was the	the	DET	personal	ADJ	 personal
According to Carey, Twist took her own life in the spring of 2000, and was known for her	her	PRON	joy	NOUN	 joy
In September and October, Taurus is visible in the evening along the eastern horizon. The most favorable time	time	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Bradman always denied this, and continued to blame Fingleton; animosity between the pair continued for the rest of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The dialogue in Gwen and Rhys ' big argument was also censored with two instances of the phrase " piss	piss	VERB	off	ADV	 off
In addition to water, mechanical, and candle clocks, incense clocks were used in the Far East,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
3 Count collectively won the WCW Hardcore Championship on WCW Monday Nitro in February 2000. This win made 3	3	NUM	Count	PROPN	 Count
An average of 12 people worked on Mischief Makers, with up to 15 at times. Though the team	team	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Initially, in series one, Ianto is a quiet and more reserved character. Throughout the first series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Adding to the Seminoles ' challenges in the 2001 season was the loss of two starting wide receivers: Robert	Robert	PROPN	Morgan	PROPN	 Morgan
Bormann's wife was placed under surveillance in case he tried to contact her. Jakob Glas, Bormann's	's	PART	long	ADJ	 long
A poor performance against a negative Egyptian side at the Stadio La Favorita meant that neither side scored a goal	goal	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They have an overall length of 108 meters (354 ft) and have a capacity for 208 seated passengers	passengers	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The party was unable to return to home plate because of the rowdy fans, so the Jeep was driven	driven	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The inheritance of these family lands made Stafford the greatest landowner in the county of Dorset. Through his mother	mother	NOUN	Katherine	PROPN	 Katherine
The Commodore was next updated in 1986 as the VL, which had new front and rear styling. Controversially	Controversially	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
By October, the Ottomans had agreed to sign a peace treaty to end the war. After the war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" These defences which were too strong for a daytime attack were extended eastwards by a series of " field	field	NOUN	works	VERB	 works
Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected. T ' ai chi was used for "	"	PUNCT	Waterbending	NOUN	 Waterbending
They then joined a major raid, which included three battleships and three escort carriers, into the estuary of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The liquid soap is then spread in wooden frames to set. After setting, it is cut into the	the	DET	classic	ADJ	 classic
The German ships turned back south, and at 05: 47 encountered for the second time the Harwich Force	Force	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The enhanced A Company group — approximately 130 troops in total — arrived in the country in several groups and	and	CCONJ	joined	VERB	 joined
" Although some applauded this statement, many others continued booing when Madonna mentioned discrimination against gay people. Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	's	PART	's
About $40 million ($77.6 million in 2015 dollars) was spent on the property acquisition. After	After	ADP	weather	NOUN	 weather
The fifth gun was carried on top of the aft superstructure. Her anti aircraft armament consisted of four 3.7	3.7	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
Stringer Bell continues his reform of the organization by cooperating with other drug lords, sharing with one another territory	territory	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Now more secure, the Grimaldi lords of Monaco now began to recognise the need not only to defend their	their	PRON	territory	NOUN	 territory
Of all Serbian epic or historical figures, Marko is considered to have given the most inspiration to visual artists	artists	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
They were the longest single screw warships ever built. Minotaur took nearly four years between her launching and commissioning	commissioning	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
He sent this data to regional foresters, urging them to set aside areas for wilderness; all of them	them	PRON	responded	VERB	 responded
With mass applause from the Arab world, financial donations increased significantly, and Fatah's weaponry and equipment improved	improved	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The 31st named storm of the 2013 Pacific typhoon season, Podul developed as a tropical depression on November 11	11	NUM	between	ADP	 between
Several memorials were planned, including one in a garden she had been designing for a new hospital in Bristol	Bristol	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Critics have repeatedly singled out Irons ' performance, praising it extensively: Cindy White of IGN called Irons	Irons	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Norepinephrine itself can further be converted into epinephrine by the enzyme phenylethanolamine N methyltransferase with S adenosyl L methionine as	as	ADP	cofactor	NOUN	 cofactor
A case of measles prevented him from attending William and Mary College (now College of William & Mary)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" The theatre critics and veterans Richard Eyre and Nicholas Wright believe that Show Boat was revolutionary, not only	only	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
In 1994 Woodman organised and led a land search of the area from Richard Collinson Inlet to (modern)	)	PUNCT	Victory	PROPN	 Victory
According to Orton, transforming into a fan favorite was " tough " because " no one bought it "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Greater London boundary has been aligned to the M25 motorway in places. Outward urban expansion is now prevented	prevented	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The ore was shipped by rail to Duluth and Two Harbors, then loaded onto ships and transported eastward over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
But politics are not the main theme; " Stir it Up ", for example, is a love	love	NOUN	song	NOUN	 song
Six claimed that the statement had originally been made by The Sun newspaper in the United Kingdom. However,	,	PUNCT	Cox	PROPN	 Cox
Arms were assigned to the knights of the Round Table, and then to biblical figures, to Roman and	and	CCONJ	Greek	ADJ	 Greek
" She said that after she freed herself from his grasp, the young man followed her to the cash	cash	NOUN	register	NOUN	 register
The two sections of MD 23 are connected by a short concurrency with MD 165. MD 23 from Hickory	Hickory	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
As the three landfalling storms moved inland, information on their meteorological dissipation was limited. As a result,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Wallenberg was named Australia's first honorary citizen in April 2013, during his centenary year. Frank Vajda AM	AM	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It was awarded gold by the British Phonographic Industry in 2013 for shipping 100,000 copies in the UK. …	…	PUNCT	And	CCONJ	 And
The Jarrow marchers received sustenance and hospitality from local branches of all the main political parties on their way,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Instead, cars from Ruf Automobile, a German car manufacturer which builds their own models from bodies in white	white	ADJ	received	VERB	 received
During an interview Minogue gave to Jetstar Airways magazine, journalist Simon Price stated that the four different Kylies were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
and all [the script] says is, ' Dr. Bishop grabs Astrid from behind and jams the needle	needle	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
It generates sound using keys and hammers in the same manner as an acoustic piano, but instead of strings	strings	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Northern Ireland, high winds left 120,000 people without power and caused one injury. On September 1,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Estrogen also reduces the incidence of irregular breakthrough bleeding. Several combined hormonal contraceptives — the pill, NuvaRing,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These rafts, each containing 5,000 – 30,000 board feet (11.8 – 70.8 m ³) of lumber,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
It has been translated into English, Arabic, French, German, Russian, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese	Japanese	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1928, a second PL 8, and equipped with a Hispano Suiza 12 M, 375 kW (	(	PUNCT	500	NUM	500
The Association of Aviation Ordnancemen presented him with an American flag which had flown on each of the 11 aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	carriers	NOUN	 carriers
The eyes, which were large for a bird of the hookbill's size, were dark brown and the	the	DET	muscular	ADJ	 muscular
The present incumbent is Sheila Tallon, who succeeded Draper in September 2011. Graduates of the college include David	David	PROPN	Blunkett	PROPN	 Blunkett
It hit Mexico on the same day Hurricane Felix hit Nicaragua, only one of two occurrences in which a	a	DET	North	PROPN	 North
No injuries have been reported since. When first entering the queue, guests are taken past a number of	of	ADP	banners	NOUN	 banners
It became their 11th number one single. Their 12th number one single titled " Sakura Girl " was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
To ensure the Opposition leaders could reach Canberra in time for the meeting, Whitlam brought them back in his	his	PRON	VIP	NOUN	 VIP
Tech played coach Clark Shaughnessy's Tulane Olive and Blue for its only road game, winning 48 – 0	0	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The composer and musical scholar Christopher Palmer writes that Bax was unusual among British composers in composing a substantial oeuvre	oeuvre	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Halifax Central Library was a real catalyst of local, public and architectural conversation in Halifax; its program	program	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
George MacDonald Fraser wrote an initial treatment that was extensively revised by Michael G. Wilson and Richard Maibaum. First	First	ADJ	unit	NOUN	 unit
Ashford's first bypass was opened on 19 July 1957 by the then Minister of Transport, Harold Watkinson.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The French were eager to hasten Radama II's succession in the interest of capitalizing on the Lambert Charter,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The episode serves as a crossover with the series Millennium, also developed by the creator of The X Files	Files	PROPN	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
The monsoon trough spawned a tropical low on November 24 in the Australian basin. It moved to the southwest	southwest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Until they have completed initial fleet training, both midshipmen and sub lieutenants at Britannia Royal Naval College do not	not	PART	use	VERB	 use
The surface of the rays often crack to reveal lighter colored areas, especially along the edges. Together with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
And then there's the joke we often used to make in interviews about churning out our records like motorcars	motorcars	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
The Naval Ministry intended to conduct an international design competition with the ships being built abroad as the Baltic shipyards	shipyards	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The Governor is the highest ranking official in the state and has a broad range of appointive powers in both	both	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In Trials HD the player controls a rider on a physics based motorcycle from the start of the level to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Portraying Edward J. Flanagan, a Catholic priest and founder of Boys Town, was a role Tracy took seriously	seriously	ADV	:	PUNCT	:
Fingers crossed McG will follow Cameron's lead and serve up a worthy sequel. " Devin Faraci of Empire	Empire	PROPN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Triple H placed Bryan's injured arm against the ring post and hit it with a steel folding chair.	.	PUNCT	Bryan	PROPN	 Bryan
Since that time, it has been extended, rerouted or shortened several times. These changes resulted in essentially	essentially	ADV	the	DET	 the
Another temporary " TO I 75 " designation was applied along US 10 and US 27 from Bay City to	to	ADP	Grayling	PROPN	 Grayling
And Arjuna in the end says, " Please Krishna, you drive the chariot " because unless we bring	bring	VERB	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
Products based on House that were released included manga, a novelization of the script and a radio drama.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Solidarity's leaders, gathered at Gdańsk, were arrested and isolated in facilities guarded by the Security Service (	(	PUNCT	Służba	PROPN	Służba
After Cooper, other writers developed the Western hero, an iconic figure which began as a variation of Daniel	Daniel	PROPN	Boone	PROPN	 Boone
" It seems likely that the core of the Ganesha Purana appeared around the twelfth and thirteenth centuries ",	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Torque commended Timberlake for " manag [ing] to surprise with an eclectic collection of sounds, and in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Daily News reviewer called the single " very wonderful ". When reviewing My Way, Ian Hyland from	from	ADP	Sunday	PROPN	 Sunday
This resulted in the merger of the sovereign territories of the Hoysala empire with the areas administered by Harihara I	I	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His final game was on August 29, 1928. In total, Aldridge pitched 1,601 innings, won 97	97	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
The next parodies to be recorded were " Theme from Rocky XIII (The Rye or the Kaiser) "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In particular, the effect of El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) was studied in relation to the survival	survival	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A road from US 82 to MS 1 was constructed during 1940, and opened in 1941. The road	road	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In the playable demonstration, Link solved puzzles by using the Rod of the Seasons to manipulate the environment and	and	CCONJ	change	VERB	 change
General prohibitions implemented to ensure wildlife respect include the prohibition of feeding, touching, or holding animals in captivity	captivity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Howe was appointed a brigadier general, and placed as Abercrombie's second in command. The French, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
" Earn this ", spoken by Kenneth as Jenna has poisoned him again, references the 1998 film Saving	Saving	PROPN	Private	PROPN	 Private
The first spiral monohedral tiling was discovered by Heinz Voderberg in 1936; the Voderberg tiling has a unit tile	tile	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Fey wrote the character of naїve NBC page Kenneth Parcell with her friend Jack McBrayer, who has been described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" This ambition became reality when, in early 2015, CLG signed the ex mouseSpaz roster of Tarik "	"	PUNCT	tarik	PROPN	 tarik
Two weeks later at Goodwood, Orme again proved superior, beating the filly by a neck in the Gordon	Gordon	PROPN	Stakes	PROPN	 Stakes
It favors habitats with sandy or muddy bottoms, including beaches, estuaries, and bays, and can also	also	ADV	be	AUX	 be
In addition to carrying more smart bombs, moving them internally from the wings reduces drag and achieves a 15	15	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
Presided over by Metropolitan Neofit, it included Heliade, who was also Minister of Education, as well as	as	ADP	Tell	PROPN	 Tell
Carole flirts with a sleazy businessman and brings him to a hotel room, where Michael beats him to death	death	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Belcher took all steps possible to ensure Dunbar could not exercise any significant powers, refusing to seat him on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
One day, she and her only friend, Vincent Monroe, sneak out of her aunt's house to	to	PART	search	VERB	 search
Despite these irregularities, MDRM won 71 percent of the vote, and none of the PADESM candidates was elected	elected	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Lenin hoped that by allowing foreign corporations to invest in Russia, it would exacerbate rivalries between the capitalist nations	nations	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Another familiar character of the higher elevation forests is the Clark ’ s nutcracker with its distinctive call. Swallows	Swallows	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The reactor was a large aluminum tank, 6 feet (1.8 m) in diameter, which was filled	filled	VERB	with	ADP	 with
After a few minutes, Rheinland and the rest of the German battleships turned away to avoid torpedoes. At	At	ADP	00	NUM	 00
As an adjunct to the court martial, Bligh brought charges against Purcell for misconduct and insubordination; the former	former	ADJ	carpenter	NOUN	 carpenter
The climate change — which resulted in a declining average annual temperature for Europe during the 14th century — was	was	AUX	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
Hong Kong enjoys a high degree of religious freedom, guaranteed by the Basic Law. Hong Kong's main	main	ADJ	religions	NOUN	 religions
The hurricane weakened into a tropical storm on September 14, and degenerated further into a tropical depression the next	next	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
In Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Charizard is now playable, under the command of the Pokémon Trainer. The	The	DET	Trainer	PROPN	 Trainer
Only three dedications for Æthelberht are near where he died - Marden, Hereford Cathedral and Littledean - the other	other	ADJ	eleven	NUM	 eleven
Overall, in his first season with Toronto, he averaged 12.4 ppg, 3.9 rpg, and 2.1 apg	apg	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Unlike the pig faced woman reports in London, the woman's address was given. Large crowds gathered in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although his mother was Methodist, Clark chose a Baptist church after moving to Little Rock and continued attending it	it	PRON	throughout	ADP	 throughout
Clamp connections are absent from the hyphae of B. rubroflammeus. Distinctive field characteristics used to distinguish Boletus rubroflammeus from	from	ADP	similar	ADJ	 similar
Due to its strong advantage among younger women, and baby boomers reaching menopause, Playtex continued to gain market	market	NOUN	share	NOUN	 share
At the same time according to JMA, the storm had weakened to 80 km / h (50 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The head, the artist stated, was designed in accordance with the suggestions of the President. The reverse	reverse	NOUN	bears	VERB	 bears
Extensive sequences also featured London, notably Trafalgar Square and the exterior of 10 Downing Street. Mereworth Castle in	in	ADP	Kent	PROPN	 Kent
In 2009, the Media Council of Hawaii complained to the FCC about Raycom's Hawaii News Now operation,	,	PUNCT	stating	VERB	 stating
He was Director of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, which he helped to found with Ernest O. Lawrence,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The series follows the adventures of four Clans of wild cats — ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan	RiverClan	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
The Academy's benefactress, Catherine I, who had continued the progressive policies of her late husband, died	died	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Greyfield Coal Company did not start until 1833 and expanded after the opening of the Bristol and North Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	Railway	PROPN	 Railway
Ben Walter, of Time Out London, felt Zombie added " surprising realism " to the development of Michael	Michael	PROPN	Myers	PROPN	 Myers
The south transept was endowed as a chantry chapel in 1405. In the late 15th or early 16th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was released on June 18, 1996 via Michael Jackson's record label, MJJ Music, after a	a	DET	demo	NOUN	 demo
Liz is relieved that she has found the root of her problem and Jack convinces her to stay with Carol	Carol	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They dropped to fourth place in the standings. On the following Saturday, Benfica visited Belenenses and lost for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Monroe and Miller were married at the Westchester County Court in White Plains, New York on June 29	29	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Having just been elected to the Senate with Sherman's support, Garfield entered the 1880 campaign season committed to	to	ADP	Sherman	PROPN	 Sherman
A FWD has no blades or knives, it has a grind chamber, the floor of which is a	a	DET	spinning	NOUN	 spinning
Carolina Panthers Charities also offers grants to non profits that support education, athletics, and human services in the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
Two men resembling comical superheroes, one of whom is played by Dan Southworth, appear to her aid and	and	CCONJ	quickly	ADV	 quickly
Detachment A was no longer required after Papua New Guinea achieved independence from Australia and established its own defence force	force	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, unknown to the defenders, the insurrectionists had with them significant supplies of dynamite and foreign experts from	from	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Neutrophils do not return to the blood; they turn into pus cells and die. Mature neutrophils are smaller	smaller	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Bishop John went to meet Harald, apparently to greet him, but the Earl had him seized, tortured	tortured	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
She reveals that a conviction might be difficult as her husband has been dead for five months. While coming	coming	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It is religion, Durkheim writes, that gave rise to most if not all other social constructs, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
His complex and critically acclaimed films are especially noted for their respectful and sympathetic portrayal of people with mental and	and	CCONJ	physical	ADJ	 physical
In 2006 Barker's stage play Mum was adapted and directed by Neil Cargill for BBC Radio 4, and	and	CCONJ	broadcast	VERB	 broadcast
The Iowa State Board of Education created the Institute of Atomic Research (IAR) as a coordinating body for	for	ADP	research	NOUN	 research
It was also number one in the Teens ' Top Ten Vote, sponsored by YALSA. Summit Entertainment bought	bought	VERB	the	DET	 the
Diana Steenbergen of IGN also favored Ellen from the beginning, believing her to be " a great addition to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
was published by Random House. The tale's rhyming verse accompanies illustrations by the author, and follows a	a	DET	disagreeable	ADJ	 disagreeable
Nor was the method first discovered in the field of mechanical filters; the earliest description is in a 1948	1948	NUM	patent	NOUN	 patent
The party viewed social justice primarily as the requirement to give citizens equal political and economic liberty and also as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, some reviews pointed out that the album has the " faint whiff of musical conservatism " with both	both	CCONJ	Uncut	PROPN	 Uncut
South Dakota contains several sites that are protected by the National Park Service. Two national parks have been established	established	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Led by Edward's cousin, the Earl of Lancaster, a group of the barons seized and executed Gaveston	Gaveston	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Over half a century passed before a satisfactory explanation of Fizeau's unexpected measurement was developed with the advent of	of	ADP	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
The Q ' eqchi ' used this trade to supply products demanded by their Spanish overlords under the repartimiento system	system	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Matheran Hill Railway, a heritage railway in Maharashtra, was built between 1901 and 1907 by Abdul Hussein Adamjee	Adamjee	PROPN	Peerbhoy	PROPN	 Peerbhoy
Written during the affair with Yeats, Harwood sees the characters presented " in a precise, bitter intensity unlike	unlike	ADP	anything	PRON	 anything
Amis drew upon a holiday he had taken in the Greek islands to create a realistic Greek setting and characters	characters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
PA 546 begins at an intersection with PA 346 in the community of Duke Center. The highway, known	known	VERB	locally	ADV	 locally
In 1892, another labor congress was held in which it reconfirmed its anarcho syndicalist principles and expressing solidarity with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mrs. Scott and her two daughters, along with Mary Dyer and her friend Hope Clifton, were all compelled	compelled	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Allmusic reviewer Andy Kellman noted the album for making " an ideal introduction " to the group, and	and	CCONJ	said	VERB	 said
According to linguist Loránd Benkő, his name is rooted in the Turkic word for golden (altun) and	and	CCONJ	changed	VERB	 changed
Gambling exploits associated with kelly pool were often depicted in Clare Briggs ' comic strip of the same name,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The truck carrying the water tank had been abandoned because it ran out of fuel. When the truck was	was	AUX	discovered	VERB	 discovered
In the development of the fruit body, the preliminary stipe and cap structures appear at the same time within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
The source continued; " He has only been in a month but he is already making big changes.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
T1 and T2 also will be revitalised, so all the three terminals finally will accommodate 67 million passengers a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
As for my voice, I made a recording. When the record was first played on the set,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
It preserves and displays relics and records related to the Suquamish Tribe, including artifacts from the Old Man House	House	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
So, it's random. It's like everything is happening all at once. " The ending of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Over a period of four days, the Viet Cong 9th Division held its ground and mauled the best units	units	NOUN	the	DET	 the
In the bridge, she commands, " Make your life what you decide / Baby, party till the	the	DET	fire	NOUN	 fire
While this move protects the b4 square and threatens the pawn advance b2 – b4, it encourages Black's	's	PART	rook	NOUN	 rook
Soldiers at Bougainville also complained about having to remain on the island after the war had ended, and Prime	Prime	PROPN	Minister	PROPN	 Minister
Over the next three years, $132,000,000 in gold was withdrawn from the Treasury, and amid another depression	depression	NOUN	President	PROPN	 President
Prior to Mendel's work, the dominant theory of heredity was one of blending inheritance, which suggested that	that	SCONJ	each	DET	 each
Lattermann led three battalions of the Archduke Charles Nr. 3 Infantry Regiment, the Abfaltern and Retz Grenadier Battalions	Battalions	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The horizontal barring seen on adult Eurasian sparrowhawks is typical of woodland dwelling predatory birds, while the adult male	male	NOUN	's	PART	's
The video drew many comparisons to the rumors of Carey's deteriorating marriage at the time. Author Chris Nickson	Nickson	PROPN	felt	VERB	 felt
The two are shown to frequently consume marijuana, emitting a calm demeanor throughout the various escapades caused at their	their	PRON	job	NOUN	 job
The following season, on the way home from a European Cup quarter final victory against Red Star Belgrade,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Since only 30 prisoners had surrendered along with King and since Winder ’ s detachment did not come under fire	fire	NOUN	until	SCONJ	 until
Stephen Tropiano called this episode " the definite highlight of Season One " in PopMatters and, in the 2002	2002	NUM	book	NOUN	 book
The first administrative actions of Rodríguez Saá caused renewed protests, and the PJ did not fully support him.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The institution also operates the Museum of Yugoslav Film Archive, with movie theatre and exhibition hall. The archive	archive	NOUN	's	PART	's
Police services are contracted through Beaufort County Sheriff's Office. The island is equipped with an enhanced 9 1	1	NUM	1	NUM	 1
On May 17, 1895, the Youngstown Daily Vindicator reported that Hogan had been " farmed out " as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He could not express a character's emotions solely with plot, instead using images of appearance and attire —	—	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Unusually for biplanes, all three types possessed retractable landing gear. The evaluation showed that the design from Curtiss	Curtiss	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Operation Totalize began on the night of 7 / 8 August; the leading infantry rode on the Kangaroos,	,	PUNCT	guided	VERB	 guided
Later, in June 1961, a proposal for an underwater tube along SR 75 was formally proposed, and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
Alan Pattillo, a veteran scriptwriter and director for APF, was appointed the company's first official script editor	editor	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The first to be created was its mascot, the Burger King in 1955. The character would become a	a	DET	staple	NOUN	 staple
The Duff family formed a janitorial services company, Windy City Maintenance Inc., one month after Daley's inauguration	inauguration	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Minor fluctuations took place during this period as multiple eyewall replacement cycles occurred. After the first of these cycles	cycles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
FireRed and LeafGreen were first released in Japan on January 29, 2004, and released to North America and	and	CCONJ	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
After the court case he married an American heiress; the couple had five children, but it was an	an	DET	unhappy	ADJ	 unhappy
Originally it consisted of numerous frazioni, isolated villages and hamlets, but from the 1950s it grew rapidly as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Lennon completed the writing of " Instant Karma! " in an hour. He then telephoned bandmate George Harrison	Harrison	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The once popular First Night, celebrating the New Year holiday each December 31, was replaced by the Albany	Albany	PROPN	Winterfest	PROPN	 Winterfest
It was developed in the Ozark Mountains by settlers in the early 19th century, and quickly developed into a	a	DET	gaited	VERB	 gaited
He saves Dean from Azazel, and distracts the demon long enough for Dean to kill him with the Colt	Colt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Because of their high cost, they are only used in high production operations. Similarly, because automation and	and	CCONJ	robots	NOUN	 robots
Meanwhile, hallucinations of FBI consultant and colleague Peter continue to bother Olivia. The Fringe team is alerted to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
Klein and Mortier issued instructions, which were supported by Massena, that the émigrés be assigned Russian names —	—	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
As the branch line into the cemetery was no longer in use, temporary platforms were built on the branch	branch	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
The ruling in California v. Anderson resulted in the dismissal of Aikens v. California as moot; George was to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
It tracked west northwestward under the influence of a ridge to its north, and organized into Tropical Depression One	One	NUM	C	NOUN	 C
Drosophila melanogaster and the Galleria mellonella waxworm have been particularly important for analysis of virulence traits of mammalian pathogens.	.	PUNCT	Waxworms	NOUN	 Waxworms
By remaining in the core, the viral RNA evades innate host immune responses called RNA interference that are triggered	triggered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The single was released in the UK by the Warner Music Group on May 9, 2011, as a	a	DET	CD	NOUN	 CD
A total of 590 higher plant and fern taxa have been recorded. The entire island is owned and managed	managed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The 11th South African Armoured Brigade, one of the 6th Division's two main components, was made up	up	ADP	of	ADP	 of
This was one of the first in a series of catastrophic flooding events in the Northwest known as the Ice	Ice	PROPN	Age	PROPN	 Age
Following Starr's repeated infidelities, the couple divorced in 1975. Maureen died from leukaemia at age 48 in	in	ADP	1994	NUM	 1994
His intercession played a part in the ethnic policies: he is reported to have personally urged the Romanian pastoralists	pastoralists	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Christians responded to these actions of the central government with a fresh wave of fury against the Jews so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
He held Charter until 1946, being re elected in 1933, 1934 (unopposed) and 1939. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
David, an ad man, proposes a campaign centered around the generosity of the casino in his case,	,	PUNCT	replete	ADJ	 replete
Located in an area conducive to further development, Darby attained hurricane status on July 24, subsequent to the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
Some restaurants may add extra ingredients to the " way " system; for example, Dixie Chili offers a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The new wooden buildings constructed by Gros and Laborde transformed the tandrotrano of traditional aristocratic Merina homes into the a	a	DET	decoratively	ADV	 decoratively
James R. Le Huray, Th. L. was the acting rector during the period 2004 – 2005. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
At eighteen, she moved to Kuopio to study at the Sibelius Academy. In December 1996, former classmate	classmate	NOUN	Tuomas	PROPN	 Tuomas
Born in Germany, Dekum emigrated to the north central U.S. with his family and as a young man went	went	VERB	west	ADV	 west
In June 2005, football agent Jacques Lichtenstein took Atlético Mineiro to court over Gilberto's transfer in 2002.	.	PUNCT	Lichtenstein	PROPN	 Lichtenstein
Scarpia tells his deputy Spoletta to arrange a mock execution, both recalling that it will be " as we	we	PRON	did	VERB	 did
The mushroom is a poor bioaccumulator of the toxic heavy metals arsenic, cadmium, lead, mercury, and	and	CCONJ	nickel	NOUN	 nickel
United Kingdom based BAE Systems has a large facility in West Chester producing armored vehicles, armor kits, and	and	CCONJ	ballistic	ADJ	 ballistic
After touring the central monument, president Kalam then gave a speech on where Akshardham fits with society, and	and	CCONJ	finished	VERB	 finished
The Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History is a museum containing over 50,000 square feet (5,000 m2)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
An updated version, Tomb Raider: Definitive Edition, was released in North America on 28 January 2014 and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Tottenham's second choice goalkeeper Michel Vorm had played all of their fixtures on their way to the final,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Iowa State's leading rusher coming into the game was junior running back James White, who amassed 505 rushing	rushing	NOUN	yards	NOUN	 yards
Asserting that he did consult the original sources, Dershowitz said Finkelstein is simply accusing him of good scholarly practice	practice	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
It is recognized that administration of antibiotics may initially worsen the process outlined above, by increasing the amount of	of	ADP	bacterial	ADJ	 bacterial
Wright died barely a year later, aged 70. Graham assumed both clubs would share the trophy, so	so	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
A popular print entitled Beware the pig sty! depicted the supposed attack on Elliot. In April 1861,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
After a final confrontation with Henry, his son Richard succeeded to the throne in 1189. Richard spent his	his	PRON	reign	NOUN	 reign
The director, in his determination to understand the earlier Caligari, experiments on a somnambulist admitted to the asylum	asylum	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hubbard established a " Hubbard College " on the other side of town where he continued to promote Dianetics while	while	SCONJ	fighting	VERB	 fighting
On 17 January, around 8 o ' clock in the morning, the Portuguese attacked the Spanish in their	their	PRON	trenches	NOUN	 trenches
Ditka has a restaurant at 100 East Chestnut and coached the Chicago Bears to a Super Bowl XX victory.	.	PUNCT	Sinatra	PROPN	 Sinatra
Mike Wass from Idolator wrote that the song " sounds like fluffiest Nine Inch Nails song ever recorded ",	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
Though the design studies were complete, the French Navy did not authorize or begin construction of any battlecruisers before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
And they were among the most prominent coins used to pay the hated temple tax, about which Jesus speaks	speaks	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Although some investigators have suggested that this style is pre Olmec, archaeological excavations on the Pacific Coast, including	including	VERB	those	PRON	 those
The woman's hair, jewellery, and clothing are carefully represented, and gilding is used to emphasize many	many	ADJ	details	NOUN	 details
The Machias townspeople rose up, seizing the merchant vessels and then the schooner after a short battle in which	which	PRON	its	PRON	 its
The title was assured in the penultimate game when McCall scored the second goal in a 2 – 0 victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
KRS One considered Run D.M.C. the epitome of rap music in 1984 and had begun to rap following their lead	lead	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song was written and produced by Arjona along with longtime collaborators Dan Warner and Lee Levin under their stage	stage	NOUN	name	NOUN	 name
Nomura used the description to create a sketch to get input from Nojima and other staff members. Nomura was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
In addition it has been variously calculated that 10,000 million tonnes (1.1 × 1010 short tons) of sulfurous	sulfurous	ADJ	acid	NOUN	 acid
Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also of interest to the council.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Although he had attained success as a producer, Kanye West aspired to be a rapper, but had struggled	struggled	VERB	to	PART	 to
The use of German actors who could not speak English required us to use a lot of close ups.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
McCormick had purchased it following the 1948 death of Eleanor Medill " Cissy " Patterson, his first cousin,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
More than twenty years had passed since Dave Guard had left the group, but residual tension surfaced between Guard	Guard	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After the major disappointment of losing the role in The Good Earth, Wong announced plans for a year long	long	ADJ	tour	NOUN	 tour
Although Shockley, Thompson, and Carnes returned to their cells, the other three, Coy, Cretzer and	and	CCONJ	Hubbard	PROPN	 Hubbard
Asexual propagation is frequently achieved through small root cuttings instead of leaf cuttings, which tend to rot before roots	roots	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
BioShock has received universal acclaim. Mainstream press reviews have praised the immersive qualities of the game and its political	political	ADJ	dimension	NOUN	 dimension
He was born into a well connected family. His uncles included Sir Thomas Temple, 1st Baronet, of	of	ADP	Stowe	PROPN	 Stowe
This was followed in 1986 by Jonathan Bate claiming that Keats was " left enriched by the voice of Shakespeare	Shakespeare	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Warelwast was a native of Normandy, but little is known about his background before 1087, when he appears	appears	VERB	as	ADP	 as
I didn't get any of that. I was in a skintight rubber suit. Had I been 23	23	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Clinical exam is often used means to diagnose CSF leaks. Improved patient response to conservative treatment may further define	define	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1975, Percy L. Julian High School was opened on the south side of Chicago, Illinois as a	a	DET	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
This marked a slight drop in the ratings after one week off due to Thanksgiving. The episode became the	the	DET	highest	ADV	 highest
However, during the 1000 m time trial, Ohno came in second to J. R. Celski despite skating a	a	DET	personal	ADJ	 personal
Boats up to 70 metres (230 ft) participated in the flotilla. Small boats led the flotilla,	,	PUNCT	followed	VERB	 followed
There are numerous other lifeboat services operating in the same area. Founded in 1824 as the National Institution for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1839 the RAC HBC Agreement was signed, giving the Hudson's Bay Company a lease of the southeastern	southeastern	ADJ	sector	NOUN	 sector
In Britain, Frisch and Rudolf Peierls at the University of Birmingham had made a breakthrough investigating the critical mass	mass	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Slightly more viscous eruptions of basalt (e.g., Strombolian) form a variety of pyroclasts from irregular sideromelane droplets	droplets	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They include: Dunham Massey Lodge, on Dunham Road; Willow Cottage; numbers 1 and 2 Barns Lane	Lane	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Other leaders and analysts in the labor field thought her performance as secretary was underwhelming, with minimal public visibility	visibility	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Quagmire's profanity laced tirade during the golf game was bleeped out on TV, but uncensored on DVD.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Over the following decades formal naming schemes were introduced for several tropical cyclone basins, including the North and South	South	PROPN	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
The producers chose to film in South Africa because of the lowered cost of employing cast and crew compared to	to	ADP	locations	NOUN	 locations
Sonically, " All About That Bass " comprises an earworm hook, early 1960s soul pop groove, scatting	scatting	VERB	tempo	NOUN	 tempo
In total, local communist defensive strength was believed to include 1,000 men. In response, a large American	American	ADJ	'	PUNCT	 '
Natolin consisted largely of communist officials from the army and state security, including Mieczysław Moczar, Zenon Kliszko and	and	CCONJ	Zenon	PROPN	 Zenon
The MBTA purchased the abandoned right of way from Penn Central on January 27, 1973. The Midland Branch	Branch	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Following the war, Flournoy entered Hampden – Sydney College in Hampden Sydney, Virginia, to pursue an education	education	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Each squad member specializes in weapons, reconnaissance, repairs, demolitions or electronics. Those in the latter four	four	NUM	categories	NOUN	 categories
At age 17, Yvon took Romeo to Calgary, Alberta to train under Stu Hart. Cormier made his	his	PRON	professional	ADJ	 professional
Whitaker later expressed his regret for participating in the film. In 2001, Whitaker had a small, uncredited	uncredited	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
Antonio de Silva ordered Avendaño to return to Mérida, and he arrived there on 17 September 1695. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
After graduation, he worked as an overseas correspondent for the New York Mirror. He eventually moved to New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Floatovoltaics are an emerging form of PV systems that float on the surface of irrigation canals, water reservoirs,	,	PUNCT	quarry	NOUN	 quarry
Several musicians were contacted by the pair, before Jackson and Richie were assigned the task of writing the song	song	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After his breakup with Betty Brant, Parker eventually falls in love with his college girlfriend Gwen Stacy, daughter	daughter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In effect, the Spanish Constitution of 1812 adopted by the Cortes de Cadiz served as the basis for independence	independence	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Ron and Harry subsequently reconcile, Ron now understanding the full danger of the tournament. When Harry opens the	the	DET	egg	NOUN	 egg
These were resolved, but the Federal Government declined to fund MURP's activities, and Walden returned to Notre	Notre	PROPN	Dame	PROPN	 Dame
More than two thirds of the world was undernourished in 1949 and Bruce felt it imperative for the Council to	to	PART	bring	VERB	 bring
The novel won the Dutton Animal Book Award in 1967, which resulted in its publication on September 11 that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
There is no single governing body for the Jewish community, nor a single authority with responsibility for religious doctrine	doctrine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The album continued to receive praise after the release of Dopesmoker. Eduardo Rivadavia of online music database AllMusic gave	gave	VERB	the	DET	 the
" As the daughter of two folksingers, Lillebjørn and Shari Nilsen, she grew up surrounded by music.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
One famous maroon, François Mackandal, escaped into the mountains in the middle of the 18th century and went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He also tried to use leitmotifs of the Chrono Trigger main theme to create a sense of consistency in the	the	DET	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
Whether positive or negative, Mega Man has been commonly received as very difficult. IGN's Casamassina found the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Attempting to relieve God of responsibility for the occurrence of evil, Aquinas insisted that God merely permits evil to	to	PART	happen	VERB	 happen
In 1998, he was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the fourth round of the 1998 Major League Baseball	Baseball	PROPN	draft	NOUN	 draft
In the 18th century, this was home to the college stables. A fire in 1904 led to the	the	DET	demolition	NOUN	 demolition
By the next morning, they had shifted their focus to the recovery of bodies, with several vehicles known	known	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 2007 six of the national parks were declared a joint World Heritage Site under the name Rainforests of the	the	DET	Atsinanana	PROPN	 Atsinanana
In 1855, two English scientists, Joseph Dalton Hooker and Edward William Binney, made the first scientific description	description	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2008, The Lion King was ranked as the 319th greatest film ever made by Empire magazine, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Rose du Lac, cattle capital of Manitoba, the NWWR continues west on MB PTH 68 and this connector	connector	NOUN	highway	NOUN	 highway
If a game's automatic bid team is selected for the BCS National Championship Game, it is allowed to	to	PART	select	VERB	 select
The bodies were made by Duncan and Fraser, who had built horse tram cars for the AS & T	T	PROPN	as	ADV	 as
The soundtrack album was released under the label of Saregama. Initially Sridhar decided not to have any songs in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On November 2, 2002, Jay Z and Beyoncé performed the song together at Saturday Night Live (SNL	SNL	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The unusually low felt intensities, along with the short period body wave magnitudes, were components of the event	event	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Purkiss gave York the lead away to Histon before Bradley Hudson Odoi scored to equalise as the match finished a	a	DET	1	NUM	 1
Nasser also had his reputation as an anti colonial force, setting his sights on ridding South Yemen, and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The number and size of serrations on the leading margin of the tooth cusp increase relative to those on the	the	DET	trailing	VERB	 trailing
The lighter forces of the 3rd and 5th Parachute and the two commando brigades would use the inland route.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Cleopatra is a parody to the characters in blaxploitation films such as Foxy Brown and Cleopatra Jones, both of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
While ska veterans Blue Meanies tried to empathize (" I think they [Blink] are just trying to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
’ Under the circumstances, the fact that the plaintiff was an Indian tribe can not make federal questions of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additionally, from the 1930s, Abdul Aziz created government tribunals or " committees " to adjudicate in areas covered	covered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
For many years, the larger and indigenous exhibits were fully operational and in steam at weekends. Brighton and	and	CCONJ	neighbouring	NOUN	 neighbouring
Durant made the most of his opportunity, becoming the first Roughrider quarterback to start all 18 games since Kent	Kent	PROPN	Austin	PROPN	 Austin
Writers such as Ursula K. Le Guin, Roger Zelazny and Thomas M. Disch sold regularly to her at the	the	DET	start	NOUN	 start
This new plan would cut deficits by $4 trillion over 12 years through a combination of broad spending cuts	cuts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Analysis of the characteristics of forces ultimately culminated in the work of Archimedes who was especially famous for formulating a	a	DET	treatment	NOUN	 treatment
Two years later, Vaan, a Rabanastre street urchin, ignores his friend Penelo's objections and infiltrates the	the	DET	palace	NOUN	 palace
Although Shankar initially claimed that Enthiran would be made for all audiences, including those lacking computer literacy, the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
He enlisted in the RAAF on 1 February 1929, and undertook flying instruction at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
AC Kajaani was formed in 2006 after the merger of FC Tarmo and Kajaanin Palloilijat (KaPa), and	and	CCONJ	plays	VERB	 plays
The local branch of the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) offers a wide variety of recreational programs	programs	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The tunnel project was estimated to cost $65 billion and take 15 – 20 years to build. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Panayi notes that Harben begins with contradictions and unsupported claims, naming Britain's supposed reputation for the worst food	food	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the second, 77 second clip, Jim pranks Dwight by putting fake results from Jordan's surveillance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 19 October, Gollob again achieved " ace in a day " for the fourth time, claiming a	a	DET	I	PROPN	 I
Controversy again surrounded Roberts at the Spanish Grand Prix when Spanish race organisers, knowing that Roberts had to race	race	VERB	to	PART	 to
The first individual of a species to spawn may release a pheromone that serves to attract other starfish to aggregate	aggregate	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
After the song, Styles caught a numbered ticket raining onstage. The number corresponded to a ticket held by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Corey begins a hate campaign against Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) and starts poisoning her with mercury, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" But, he asked, " [W] hy, finally, are we down at the docks	docks	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
The World Uyghur Congress has claimed that the death toll was around 600. Xinhua did not immediately disclose the	the	DET	ethnic	ADJ	 ethnic
Brønnøysund Airport cost NOK 2.7 million plus costs for expropriation and navigational aids. NOK 1.9 million was covered by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also has a bumper sticker which reads " my other car is the Millennium Falcon " which was given	given	VERB	to	ADP	 to
After successfully completing sea trials, West Cohas sailed for Arica, Chile, to carry a cargo of nitrates	nitrates	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 1987, while in the United States, he was contacted by a Danish gossip magazine where he learnt	learnt	VERB	the	DET	 the
Valencia was sent back to Pawtucket on August 21, before being recalled again on September 25. He remained	remained	VERB	with	ADP	 with
He was particularly pleased to see surprised reactions from female fans to this form during KOF ' 97's location	location	NOUN	testing	NOUN	 testing
The story associated with this miracle tells that before the Battle of Ourique (July 25, 1139),	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
At this point it becomes a white dwarf star, composed primarily of carbon and oxygen. Eventually the secondary	secondary	ADJ	star	NOUN	 star
Kuntze proposed Sirmuellera as an alternative, republishing B. caleyi as Sirmuellera caleyi. The challenge failed, and Banksia	Banksia	PROPN	L.f	PROPN	 L.f
Mido succeeded to win the Egypt Cup and secure the cup title for the second year in row, by	by	ADP	beating	VERB	 beating
The player can then call on Beat to attack any onscreen enemies. Mega Man 5 was developed by Capcom	Capcom	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Kotaku's Mike Fahey described the games as " a tough sell " at US $54.99 each and approximately	approximately	ADV	$	SYM	 $
In most cases where a cytoplasmic process needs to be restricted, a key participant is removed to the nucleus	nucleus	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was the first episode produced for the show and originally aired as a special sneak preview on September 17	17	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Columbia released selections in 1975 as The Basement Tapes. Over the years, more songs recorded by Dylan and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
She ran the project's office at 109 East Palace in Santa Fe, through which staff moving to the	the	DET	Los	PROPN	 Los
The next four years were spent in the shore establishments HMS Excellent and HMS Vernon on half pay, on	on	ADP	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
During his time in southern Vietnam, he also spent two years in Cambodia studying the Theravada Buddhist tradition.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
' " Where Gretzky differed from others in his development was in the extraordinary commitment of time on the ice	ice	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pat Boone recorded a version (also without the spoken bridge) in 1966 for his album, Memories.	.	PUNCT	Doris	PROPN	 Doris
Bundy spoke warmly of his grandparents in some interviews, and told Rule that he " identified with ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
His brother Mike also played baseball, receiving a scholarship to Florida State University. He was never interested in	in	ADP	becoming	VERB	 becoming
Over the course of November, Burnside moved the army south to Falmouth, Virginia, opposite the Rappahannock River	River	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Holloway appeared for the first time in a major British television series in the BBC's 1967 adaptation of P.	P.	PROPN	G.	PROPN	 G.
In 1830 a church revision noted that it was in a ruined state and so worn that only a few	few	ADJ	runes	NOUN	 runes
The first and second plot of the story in this book shares the title, " My Lucy Friend Who	Who	PRON	Smells	VERB	 Smells
Before the episode aired, Robert Sietsema of The Village Voice disapproved of it for being outdated. He commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1817, Colonel Sylvanus Thayer became the Superintendent and established the curriculum, elements of which are still in	in	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
AllMusic critic Richie Unterberger describes this early version of the song as " haunting " and " a noteworthy find	find	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
For example, before a scene in which she needed to appear out of breath, she did a series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The springs are near the youngest lava fields of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex and are most likely associated with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Whether consciously or unconsciously, [onstage] it seemed as if Ray was trying to recreate the Saturday night	night	NOUN	parties	NOUN	 parties
It met all the design goals, but was not accepted for production as all the factories were already committed	committed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The band is touring on The Sweet Revenge Tour with Kittie, It Dies Today and Bring Me The Horizon	Horizon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He found that Angelou's performance made an indelible impression and that she had an unusual voice and striking appearance	appearance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" On 27 July 1890, aged 37, Van Gogh shot himself in the chest with a revolver.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Pope Boniface who regarded Hungary as a fief of the Holy See declared Charles the lawful king of Hungary on	on	ADP	31	NUM	 31
Academic clubs include Art Club, Art National Honor Society, Beta Club, and National Honor Society. Political	Political	ADJ	interest	NOUN	 interest
In October 1996 plans were announced by Nottingham City Council to replace the ageing building with a twin rinked National	National	PROPN	Ice	PROPN	 Ice
The Bengal and Siberian subspecies are the tallest at the shoulder and thus considered the largest living felids, ranking	ranking	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Cute ' em ups feature brightly coloured graphics depicting surreal settings and enemies. Newer, particularly Japanese, cute	cute	ADJ	'	PUNCT	 '
On 1 October 1942 Müncheberg was given command of Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77 — 77th Fighter Wing),	,	PUNCT	operating	VERB	 operating
At the end of the video, Range uses a microphone to yell at the men who are standing in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Another sortie into the North Sea followed on 18 – 20 October, and the German fleet again encountered no	no	DET	British	ADJ	 British
In his first season, the side won the Sheffield Shield, Gilchrist scoring an unbeaten 20 in the second	second	ADJ	innings	NOUN	 innings
It consists of five individual panel paintings: a central inner panel, and two double sided wings. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The most vocal support for union with Poland had come from within the territory awarded to Czechoslovakia, while some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Although the NHC ceased monitoring Tropical Depression Two, the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (HPC) issued advisories until it	it	PRON	dissipated	VERB	 dissipated
The remaining Collybia species, C. cirrhata, does not form sclerotia. The anamorphic or imperfect fungi are those	those	PRON	that	PRON	 that
On YouTube, it was released on 2 December 2008. The video's inspiration stemmed from a piece of	of	ADP	art	NOUN	 art
She's also an accomplished dancer, which she proves at several points in the film. " It adds	adds	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The main objective of the milling process is to extract the largest possible amount of sucrose from the cane,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
When he lets Luenell, an African American prostitute, into the house and shows her to the table,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
While seabirds vary greatly in lifestyle, behaviour and physiology, they often exhibit striking convergent evolution, as the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The album only performed modestly commercially; it debuted and peaked at number 14 on the Billboard 200 album chart	chart	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As the race entered the final laps, Räikkönen forced his way past Hamilton to secure second place, but	but	CCONJ	Pastor	PROPN	 Pastor
Comics historian Les Daniels noted that " Williamson's atmospheric technique, which relied on subtle textures as much as	as	ADP	hard	ADJ	 hard
The fashion historian Valerie Steele noted that after 19th century writers catering to audiences for tightlacing and sexual fetishism played	played	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In 2003, she dated August Busch IV and has also dated Italo Zanzi. She is a Republican,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On January 1, 1809, Martín de Álzaga rallied most peninsular battalions to Plaza de Mayo and attempted a	a	DET	mutiny	NOUN	 mutiny
All parts of the sunfish are used in cuisine, from the fins to the internal organs. Some parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Le Gris was then knighted in order that he and Carrouges be of equal standing during the fight. Both	Both	DET	knights	NOUN	 knights
Unlike the soft, rapidly eroding cliffs further east, the coast of the SSSI has shown a less consistent	consistent	ADJ	pattern	NOUN	 pattern
Dunn was passed fit well before the game, allowing Everton to field the same line up that played in	in	ADP	four	NUM	 four
At the end of World War II, most of Bratislava's ethnic Germans were helped to evacuate by the	the	DET	German	ADJ	 German
It got me out of my own little world and taught me how to understand white people, how to	to	PART	communicate	VERB	 communicate
" After hearing the recorded material, president Clive Calder ordered a full album. Spears had originally envisioned "	"	PUNCT	Sheryl	PROPN	 Sheryl
As in London and the south east, this was in part due to the absence of key military leaders	leaders	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the last six years of the reign of Artaxerxes III, the Persian Empire was governed by a vigorous	vigorous	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
" Research into Norte Chico continues, with many unsettled questions. Debate is ongoing over two related questions:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As the date of the vote drew near, reports of anti independence violence continued to accumulate. The day	day	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His vision is the one that is most important. " Barber said that deep down, Rhys is sensitive	sensitive	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Muhammad's new policy was to prevent alliances against him. Whenever alliances against Medina were formed, he sent	sent	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Hurley had studied design at Indiana University of Pennsylvania, and Chen and Karim studied computer science together at the	the	DET	University	PROPN	 University
She added that the dance remixes of the songs make a " dance party in a neatly packaged DVD set	set	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Small but commercially important quantities are also found in pentlandite extracted from Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, and in	in	ADP	pyroxenite	ADJ	 pyroxenite
Originally, historians believed that Edward's decision to rebuild much of the castle was in response to the growing	growing	VERB	tensions	NOUN	 tensions
In the Memorial Hall of the gardens, there is a large painting depicting the original garden of Shen Kuo	Kuo	PROPN	's	PART	's
Slimmy also declared that SLIMMY is no longer a solo project, but also belongs to those who follow it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Congestion pricing has been widely used by telephone and electric utilities, metros, railways and autobus services, and	and	CCONJ	has	AUX	 has
It was ranked the best episode of the entire series by IGN and Den of Geek and the second best	best	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
On June 12, the band released a video for the song " 512 ". In February 2014,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The output design was identical in topology to a design found in a patent of Zobel's for a filter	filter	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Despite this growing popular support for independence, Congress lacked the clear authority to declare it. Delegates had been	been	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
There are eleven medical staff for the eight bed medical facility, which includes an operating theatre and a dental	dental	ADJ	surgery	NOUN	 surgery
The song was written by Bieber along with Omar Martinez and Adam Messinger and Nasri of The Messengers, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
During this time he worked extensively with MTV Indonesia and various start ups. After the closing of Bintang Milenia	Milenia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This plan was eventually denounced by the Roman Catholic Church as contrary to natural justice and Christian charity, although	although	SCONJ	some	DET	 some
She is wearing angel wings on her back, with Hamasaki's and the song's title superimposed on her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
In an attempt to legally overthrow the government, the Christian Democrats suggested a motion of no confidence in response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
European Union citizens have the right to travel freely into Malta without completing any special formalities. The nationals of	of	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The crew sustained no injuries, and their ship received only minor damage. Hurricane Ioke, with a portion	portion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sugarcane was grown and harvested on Ford Island with a network of aqueducts from freshwater reservoirs, transported to Waipio	Waipio	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
His strategic achievements include the conquest of Arabia during the Ridda Wars, Persian Mesopotamia and Roman Syria within several	several	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
According to Suetonius, a plague similarly struck during the fire. The nature of the disease, however,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The Center for Disease Control recommends all pregnant women be tested. The risk of syphilis can be decreased by	by	ADP	latex	PROPN	 latex
Bowers and Moffett provide a thoughtful study of the important role of empathy and human needs in mediation through the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
Russia maintains a consulate in Barentsburg, led by Consule General Alexander Antipov. Article 9 of the Svalbard Treaty	Treaty	PROPN	specifies	VERB	 specifies
The Confederates evacuated Hayne's Bluff, which was occupied by Sherman's cavalry on May 19, and Union	Union	PROPN	steamboats	VERB	 steamboats
In October, the HGZ also participated in Operation Southern Move, which captured the town of Mrkonjić Grad,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
There are several other names considered to be synonymous with C. fragilis by the online taxonomical database MycoBank (see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
Flynn claims that Grandison is filled with sexual passions that never come to light, and he represents a perfect	perfect	ADJ	moral	ADJ	 moral
He was a proud homosexual (or bisexual), which did not prevent him from keeping as his concubine	concubine	NOUN	a	DET	 a
It runs east – west and is 475 metres (1,558 ft) long. It supports 15 structures dating	dating	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In particular, the Queen's throne room and Blackadder's front room were featured in every episode, with	with	ADP	only	ADV	 only
It may lead to law and order problem in the State. " Bajrang Dal proponents protested with banners outside	outside	ADP	the	DET	 the
Clisby destroyed two Dornier Do 17 bombers on 10 May, after which his aircraft was struck by friendly fire	fire	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
As of April 1, 2009, there were 20,974 patients registered, with 10,626 caregivers holding cards for these	these	DET	patients	NOUN	 patients
During the beginning of season three, Chris Carabott from IGN described Ben as " one of the best '	'	PART	villains	NOUN	 villains
From March 1861, the Pony Express ran mail only between Salt Lake City and Sacramento. The Pony Express	Express	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
The battalion's left flank became compromised in the afternoon by the retreat of the surviving Northumberland Fusiliers. The	The	DET	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
The Mk IV torpedoes had a warhead of 515 pounds (234 kg) of TNT. They had two	two	NUM	speed	NOUN	 speed
The team's progress under Davis screeched to a halt in 2003. The Browns finished 5 – 11,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Success was achieved that season however when Palace made their third trip to Wembley in twelve months, beating Everton	Everton	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
On her Twitter account, Courtney Love expressed her anger at Cobain's representation in the game and threatened legal	legal	ADJ	action	NOUN	 action
From mid 2012 to mid 2013, the company hired 44 people and moved its headquarters to a larger office	office	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This class of materials has been named metallotropic. Thermotropic mesophases are detected and characterized by two major methods,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Everyone was gripped with fear at the shock of the roaring flames and the terrible shattering of the bells as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
After the war, the Decorations Board decided to change it to a Legion of Merit. In recognition of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Captain Emile Dechaineux, commanding the destroyers supporting the forces ashore, brought Ammen, Bush, Mullany and Warramunga	Warramunga	PROPN	around	ADV	 around
South of Thebes the Isis sprang leak and nearly sank, having lost many provisions and spent several days repairing	repairing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Dissolution of the limestone produced many of the gorges including Cheddar Gorge and Burrington Combe. Springs are a common	common	ADJ	feature	NOUN	 feature
In the summer of 2000, the city of Morgantown, West Virginia, and West Virginia Governor Cecil Underwood	Underwood	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Transcontinental trading routes disintegrated, causing the decline of Bács (Bač, Serbia), Ungvár (Uzhhorod,	,	PUNCT	Ukraine	PROPN	 Ukraine
It derives from Medieval Latin vegetabilis " growing, flourishing " (i.e. of a plant), a semantic	semantic	ADJ	change	NOUN	 change
Later that year, he joined his cousin, future Kentucky Senator John Brown, at William and Mary College	College	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Brigadier General James McCormack told the AEC commissioners that while thermonuclear weapons could potentially be thousands of times as powerful	powerful	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The song is a pop song, while the lyrics reflect her relocating from Nashville, Tennessee, to Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result, attendance had fallen from 60 to 22 scholars. Richmond records that the upper boys were	were	AUX	reading	VERB	 reading
He has also been featured in similar Animage monthly polls. Hitsugaya ranked eighth in 2008 and third in 2009	2009	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Paterson Clarence Hughes was born in Numeralla, near Cooma, New South Wales, on 19 September 1917.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Jonathan Bellman writes that modern concert performance style — set in the " conservatory " tradition of late 19th- and	and	CCONJ	20th	ADJ	 20th
Cyan proposed Myst to Sunsoft with a $265,000 price tag — more than double what they thought it would	would	AUX	cost	VERB	 cost
It has been crossed with both cybister and single flower cultivars to produce hybrids with unusual striping. Species are	are	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
<formula> <formula> <formula> In 1983 Stuart Beal (and also independently Santiago Schnell and	and	CCONJ	Claudio	PROPN	 Claudio
This allowed them to view the herds as nuisances and deal with them as such, including sending many to	to	PART	slaughter	VERB	 slaughter
Removal rates were above average, 72 percent versus the average of 68 percent. Norton blocked reinstallation with a	a	DET	score	NOUN	 score
As a result, " Operation Cantas Kenyalang " was started in 2008 to clamp down gangsterism in Sarawak.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" Many filmmakers saw Jurassic Park's effects as a realization that many of their visions, previously thought unfeasible	unfeasible	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Nico attempts to find out more about her father's involvement with Carchon. She deduces quickly that Imelda is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The largest change came about with William IV, who appointed an average of nine a year, and following	following	VERB	him	PRON	 him
" My Life as a 10 Year Old Boy's original print of 25,000 copies were sold on pre order	order	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Much of Tulsa's convention space is located in downtown, such as the Tulsa Performing Arts Center, the	the	DET	Tulsa	PROPN	 Tulsa
With improvements and additions over the years, it became the world's largest flour mill. The Pillsbury "	"	PUNCT	A	PRON	 A
In " The Parting of the Ways ", Jack kissed both Rose and the Doctor on the lips,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
These suggestions, with the exception of holding the National Assembly elections earlier, were rejected at the 11th plenum	plenum	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As of 2014, the A380 test aircraft continue to perform test procedures. Airbus obtained type certificates for the	the	DET	A380	PROPN	 A380
In the same case, the Supreme Court also ruled that " life " under Article 21 meant more than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
His unprecedented Olympic success in 2008 earned Phelps Sports Illustrated magazine's Sportsman of the Year award. After the	the	DET	2008	NUM	 2008
Rigele and U 31 departed Pola on 30 April for a three day cruise to Cattaro via Sebenico. On	On	ADP	20	NUM	 20
To celebrate their achievement, a plane was sent out to take the two men champagne, along with Bothy	Bothy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
While loss of habitat has affected native animals such as the pine marten, elk, woodland caribou, and	and	CCONJ	bison	NOUN	 bison
If they ask you to do something, do it, and then send them a note thanking them for	for	ADP	asking	VERB	 asking
The ten half hour episodes aired during prime time, from 9: 00 to 9: 30 p.m. Although	Although	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
When Jolie was six years old, Bertrand and her live in partner, filmmaker Bill Day, moved the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
The story was first published in 1933, in issue 40, volume 11, of Pandji Poestaka. "	"	PUNCT	Salah	PROPN	 Salah
As of 2011, Providence College is ranked first in the country by The Princeton Review in the " Lots	Lots	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In a post match interview, the four men announced the formation of an all gaijin stable named " Bullet	Bullet	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
Instead of recurving quickly around the subtropical ridge to its east and southeast, Maury slowed as it entered Nina	Nina	PROPN	's	PART	's
And, I can say that I think the song is unbelievable. The Gaga thing took me by surprise	surprise	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ultimate Rollercoaster describes Batman: The Ride as " the ride of your life ". They state " the	the	DET	sensation	NOUN	 sensation
In his six starts, Richard notched three wins, two complete games and posted a 2.79 ERA. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Following the capability test, the results of which car designs scored the best in the test are displayed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Piers Gaveston's father was Arnaud de Gabaston, a Gascon knight in the service of Gaston VII of Béarn	Béarn	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the east of the village the land rises, forming chalk cliffs and cliff stacks around the beaches at	at	ADP	Grenham	PROPN	 Grenham
" Spears is sitting on a picnic blanket wishing she was there with him. She leaves alone. "	"	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Ramon kept his momentum by performing a bulldog, a scoop slam, and a superplex. When Michaels tried	tried	VERB	to	PART	 to
Friction exists between any parts that move against each other: in the drive train, between the steering mechanism	mechanism	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" In one case, Jay did one show of a two night stand on the East Coast and Max	Max	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
The 4th Army consisted of the 3rd Army Corps, the 5th Army Corps, the 11th Army Corps (	(	PUNCT	two	NUM	two
On the other hand, the baby orangutan was painted over a nail on the wall, where people can	can	AUX	'	PUNCT	 '
In January 1201, John made peace with his half brother, but it did not last, as Geoffrey	Geoffrey	PROPN	continued	VERB	 continued
He complained about the lax system for educating priests in Quito and said it instilled slothful habits in students.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The AN / SPS 6 air search radar system was replaced with the AN / SPS 49 radar set (	(	PUNCT	which	PRON	which
But I couldn't prevent myself from seeing the Blacks as big children, either. " Tintin in the	the	DET	Congo	PROPN	 Congo
Their songs started appearing on the soundtracks of major Hollywood movies, including Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet and	and	CCONJ	John	PROPN	 John
This has been met with praise by the Jewish community. However, it was said that it could take	take	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Irvine continued to play for Northern Ireland, winning caps against Mexico, England and Scotland, but it was	was	AUX	almost	ADV	 almost
Maunsell also incorporated a screw reverser to control valve events, which was easier to maintain than the complex steam	steam	NOUN	reverser	NOUN	 reverser
Returning home, Čáslavská was made an outcast by the Soviet government and was banned from competition and travelling.	.	PUNCT	Currently	ADV	 Currently
Players are not required to eat these or any other organisms; they may travel to higher or lower planes	planes	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
1410 – 1451) was a German painter working in the late " soft style " of the International Gothic	Gothic	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 2002 general elections, she successfully contested and secured the parliamentary constituency of her father, veteran politician	politician	NOUN	Ghulam	PROPN	 Ghulam
In early usage, there were many variants, including medium aevum, or " middle age ", first	first	ADV	recorded	VERB	 recorded
It is commonly stated that the Spartans were obeying the laws of Sparta by not retreating, but it seems	seems	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On December 4, 2013, the Tigers signed Nathan to a two year, $20 million contract,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Hezbollah claimed responsibility. The 1994 AC Flight 901 attack, killing 21, in Panama. Hezbollah claimed responsibility	responsibility	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The nonprofit organization offered artist residencies in two historic buildings, a former bank and meeting hall and a former	former	ADJ	dry	ADJ	 dry
Meanwhile, singer songwriter Sally Dworsky provides the singing voice of adult Nala, which is heard during the song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The slope was subsequently abandoned, and an adjacent facility, for the ski jumps, fell into disuse.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The scenario saw George Michael " floating about on a lilo in his Speedoes and shades ", relaxing with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hōshō was taken out of reserve as a " special guard ship " on 1 June and many of her	her	PRON	crew	NOUN	 crew
According to Total Film, Nolan manages to create such strong characters and story that the third act action sequences	sequences	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
With remnants of the Holocaust and artifacts relevant to Judaism, the Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art of Tulsa	Tulsa	PROPN	preserves	VERB	 preserves
Sheppard's of Gibraltar, the former owner of the marina which was established in 1961, still has a	a	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
He starred as a member of the Princeton Tigers men's lacrosse team from 1991 through 1994 and was inducted	inducted	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Section 1: The path crosses Golden Acre Park and passes the Yorkshire Wildlife Trust's Adel Dam Nature Reserve	Reserve	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 23 May, the French tried to conduct a series of offensives against the German defensive line on the	the	DET	Ardennes	PROPN	 Ardennes
The city was razed, and temples and shrines were looted and burned. Furthermore, according to Darius's	's	PART	commands	NOUN	 commands
It was released as the album's fourth single on July 28, 2007 by RCA Records. It was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
Angry Birds was the studio's 52nd produced game and on its initial release, the game didn't sell	sell	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
The game takes place in the fictional land of Ivalice, where the empires of Archadia and Rozarria are waging	waging	VERB	an	DET	 an
Reaching the bridge, he is able to connect himself to the sub's missile guidance systems and activate the	the	DET	missiles	NOUN	 missiles
Saltzman was happy with the choice of the Far East for the setting as he had always wanted to go	go	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He also made several early broadcasts with Mangeot's quartet. Barbirolli's ambition was to conduct. He was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
From 1836 to 1840, he noticed significant changes in magnitude when Betelgeuse outshone Rigel in October 1837 and again	again	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The threat from Earl prompted a tropical storm watch in the Bahamas and later Bermuda, while a coastal flood	flood	NOUN	watch	NOUN	 watch
Vandegrift, therefore, decided to conduct a series of small unit operations around the Matanikau Valley. The first	first	ADJ	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The Kaqchikel document Testamento de los Xpantzay gives alternate titles for two of the four lords. This document lists	lists	VERB	the	DET	 the
As the battle began, several of Nelson's ships of the line ran aground on shoals in the harbour	harbour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Contrary to what many East Side residents thought, the demolition of the elevateds did not help the travel situation	situation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eastbound, the train departed Chicago at 4: 30 p.m. as train # 6. This scheduled departure was	was	AUX	timed	VERB	 timed
Both of these gave increased construction costs and alteration of the architectural design plans. During this entire period,	,	PUNCT	BE1	PROPN	 BE1
After putting into occupied France and undergoing repairs, the ship participated in Operation Cerberus, a daring daylight dash	dash	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Damage across the Southwest amounted to US $3.7 million. A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic Ocean from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Experiments show that it may be possible to use saplings in a plantation instead of mature trees dramatically boosting productivity	productivity	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Act I begins with Ceres leaving her daughter Proserpine in the protection of two nymphs, Ino and Eunoe,	,	PUNCT	warning	VERB	 warning
To this end, they created around our delegation a harsh and dangerous atmosphere, in which open threats were	were	AUX	combined	VERB	 combined
Contrary to its reputation for urban sprawl, Greater Manchester has a green belt, constraining urban drift, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Two Army No. 101 Wireless Sets enabled battalion headquarters to communicate with Mud Bay. In addition, each	each	DET	company	NOUN	 company
The high school has 123 classrooms with the capacity of holding approximately 2,100 students. The building also has a	a	DET	750	NUM	 750
The Saline County Fair Grounds sits to between Dorris Heights St. and the Levee to the north. Small Street	Street	PROPN	heads	VERB	 heads
Their objective was to secure the village of Le Bas de Ranville, which was achieved by 04: 00	00	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Improved cycle facilities, including a bike hire scheme, were provided in the late 2000s. First Great Western	Western	PROPN	declined	VERB	 declined
4825 / 6 1986 Apr Midrange units: harder rubber used for surround. SN. 4953 / 4 1987	1987	NUM	Cabinet	PROPN	 Cabinet
He was also in a band called Youthless that hosted Dadaist inspired freeform events at city coffee shops. "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
" Attempts were made to implicate him in the murder of a private detective in South London, for a	a	DET	fire	NOUN	 fire
They developed into the " Tounis College ", which would become the University of Edinburgh in 1582. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lombard's funeral was held on January 21 at Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Hardy Boys are fictional teenage brothers and amateur detectives. They live in the city of Bayport on Barmet	Barmet	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
In a statement, Slay said, " This is a really wonderful honor for the City of St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the 18th century it ceased to be used as a domestic dwelling and became ruinous. In the 21st	21st	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Losses had remained stable since the 1990s at 17% – 20% per year attributable to a variety of	of	ADP	factors	NOUN	 factors
In 920 the first of two Khitan scripts, the Khitan large script, was developed. A second script	script	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Viera continued writing that the song " wouldn't be [a] proper smoker's anthem " without the	the	DET	cameo	NOUN	 cameo
She added " the one below that is mine too "; the section below in the same article referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Her liaisons are with white men, but not only men. In a dream sequence of Ally McBeal	McBeal	PROPN	's	PART	's
It is the episode known for spawning the eight month " Who shot J.R.? " hysteria. The episode	episode	NOUN	ended	VERB	 ended
Ratings were similarly positive: in the United States, it broke the record for the most watched drama in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reutter started slow in the semifinals, resulting in a fourth place finish, eliminating her from medal contention.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
When the First World War broke out in 1914, Edward had reached the minimum age for active service and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
In August 2014, BAE was awarded a £248 million contract from the British government to build three new	new	ADJ	offshore	ADJ	 offshore
At about 11: 30 two leading battalions of 155th (South Scottish) Brigade (52nd (Lowland)	)	PUNCT	Division	PROPN	 Division
The facility is now heavily damaged, and it soon becomes clear that a new alien race, Race X	X	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The company had a partnership with French video game developer ERE Informatique and published localised versions of their products to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 7 March, the first Austrian soldiers arrived in Ostrach. The French advance guard arrived by the 9th	9th	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both genders must weigh between 17 and 23 pounds (7.7 and 10.4 kg). They possess a light	light	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The book is more notable for the persona and testimonial voice of its first person narrator, Holden. He	He	PRON	serves	VERB	 serves
Prior to the race, McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton led the Drivers ' Championship with 84 points, and Ferrari	Ferrari	PROPN	driver	NOUN	 driver
The wall alongside the staircase consists of decorative panels wrapped in fabric, wood trim, and stainless steel accents	accents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
(Lucan had earned the unfortunate nickname of " Lord Look on " while held in reserve during an action	action	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Reconstruction of the highway cost $71,092 (equivalent to $1.81 million in 2016), and the rebuilt	rebuilt	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
Beyoncé's performed " Single Ladies " at The Sound of Change Live concert on June 1, 2013 at	at	ADP	Twickenham	PROPN	 Twickenham
The short duration of these price cuts suggests Gernsback rapidly realized that the additional circulation they gained him cost too	too	ADV	much	ADV	 much
The windshield is the only externally visible component shared with the Enzo; the MC12 has a unique body which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Some ants produce sounds by stridulation, using the gaster segments and their mandibles. Sounds may be used to	to	PART	communicate	VERB	 communicate
Central Partisan Headquarters coordinated many of these attacks. In June Soviet Air Forces (VVS) flew over 800	800	NUM	sorties	NOUN	 sorties
It describes the ministers and their qualifications, the maintenance, equipment and training of an army with a Senapati	Senapati	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The church contains numerous altarpieces, imagery, paintings, and silverware. The Jardines de la Galera date back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The layer of coal silt on the banks of the creek was 40 feet (12 m) by 1940	1940	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Construction is faster with pre formed adobe or mudbricks, compressed earth blocks, earthbags or fired clay bricks.	.	PUNCT	Types	NOUN	 Types
For Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action, Franz Ferdinand collaborated with other artists for parts of the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Around 168 BCE, the herbal remedy Qing hao (青蒿) (Artemisia annua) came into use in	in	ADP	China	PROPN	 China
Benetton protested that the skidblock had been damaged when Schumacher spun over a kerb, but the FIA rejected their	their	PRON	appeal	NOUN	 appeal
Since the aircraft was flying in moderate to heavy rain, the NTSB calculated that the water flowing on the	the	DET	wings	NOUN	 wings
As a result, Wilson joined forces with the Congressmen and Senators known as Radical Republicans, those most strongly	strongly	ADV	opposed	ADJ	 opposed
It used to be claimed that glass sponges could live on nutrients dissolved in sea water and were very averse	averse	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Due to the tension within the group and stringent touring schedules, neither Mary Wilson nor Cindy Birdsong appear on	on	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The success of his company made Washington wealthy, and he lived in a mansion in Brooklyn and then moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" The 19th century antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described the church as a " small ancient edifice ". She noted	noted	VERB	the	DET	 the
In this society there is no private property, no big cities, no authority, no monetary system,	,	PUNCT	no	DET	 no
The defending champion in the race was Dan Martin (Cannondale – Garmin), who won the 2014 edition	edition	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Furman's The Ultimate Guide, published by Dorling Kindersley, remained as a resource to the writers throughout production	production	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Market imperatives have also been aided by the zoning of the land around the area as commercial rather than residential	residential	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
On the other hand, Voncu observes that the writer uses his artistic talents in theological works such as Despre	Despre	PROPN	minuni	PROPN	 minuni
Another tropical depression developed about 175 mi (282 km) southwest of Porto Novo, Cape Verde on July	July	PROPN	10	NUM	 10
" Stephen Thompson of NPR comments on the music's lack of dynamism, writing that the band " lets	lets	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Four battles large enough to be recorded in Ireland were fought in 728 and 729. Alpín was defeated twice	twice	ADV	by	ADP	 by
When she arrived in New York City on February 19, 1926, she was so impressed with the skyline	skyline	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He played centre for the Leicester Tigers and, between 1909 and 1913, won four caps for England,	,	PUNCT	scoring	VERB	 scoring
Borglum designed the coin, which was repeatedly rejected by the Commission of Fine Arts. All reference to Harding	Harding	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Baldwin's reaction is genuine. Despite enclosed practical locations and a short shooting schedule, cinematographer Newton Thomas Sigel	Sigel	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
He failed to get his hat trick, but in the 32nd over he removed Brad Haddin from the first	first	ADJ	ball	NOUN	 ball
Noah (Sisko) enters and gives a monologue about how he will destroy the world, and shows a	a	DET	big	ADJ	 big
The song was covered by American rock band Van Halen in 1978, reaching the Billboard Top 40. "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
Writers suggested he was merely presenting an image as " Pitchfork Ben ", that he could turn on and	and	CCONJ	off	ADV	 off
The genre's popularity stagnated as games became more complicated and as arcades began to lose their audience to increasingly	increasingly	ADV	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
The rankings also placed Bristol at 15th in the world in terms of reputation with employers, placing higher than	than	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
This would give her power on a par to Hyne the Great, who, according to the background had	had	AUX	created	VERB	 created
Anders Sandberg estimates that there is 1.82 × 1026 kg of easily usable building material in the Solar System,	,	PUNCT	enough	ADJ	 enough
Hipper was unaware of his superior's decision, and so pressed on with the bombardment. The three towns	towns	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Her residence which was located in Nampally, Hyderabad, today had been converted into a Government aided girls degree	degree	NOUN	college	NOUN	 college
Jaher opined that the book became antiquated as America evolved an understanding of industrial problems, and found Hay's	's	PART	view	NOUN	 view
Season nine takes place after Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) goes into hiding, following the events of the	the	DET	eighth	ADJ	 eighth
" Christmas in Dixie ", a seasonal song released in 1982, charted on two of Billboard magazine's	's	PART	music	NOUN	 music
Although the Brahmanas (9th to 6th centuries BCE) are the earliest scriptures to hint at her relationship with	with	ADP	Indra	PROPN	 Indra
It was a part of the Battle of Pusan Perimeter, and was one of several large engagements fought simultaneously	simultaneously	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Following his service as governor, Morehead resumed his legal practice in Frankfort, Kentucky. In March 1837,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
This opening strongly contributed to another record: the first time that the top ten films at the domestic box	box	NOUN	office	NOUN	 office
Usually, these amounts of insulin are sufficient to suppress ketogenesis. If DKA occurs in someone with type 2	2	NUM	diabetes	NOUN	 diabetes
" While McClellan's reputation has suffered over time, especially over the last 75 years, there is a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Despite the reductions, several reviewers believed the resultant product was still true to Robert's vision. The Freelancer	Freelancer	PROPN	team	NOUN	 team
In his October 1854 Peoria speech, Lincoln said: Nearly eighty years ago we began by declaring that all	all	DET	men	NOUN	 men
Knowles performed " Ring the Alarm " at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards on August 31, 2006,	,	PUNCT	wearing	VERB	 wearing
Oborne argues that the MCC establishment, without favouring apartheid, wished to maintain traditional links with white South Africa	Africa	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
More serious punishments included flogging or being confined to a barred hole in the prison cellar, known as the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In the game, Kafka ran for a career high 111 yards, which included a 13 yard touchdown rush	rush	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harris and Graeme Evans ended their involvement with the company along with the sale. The brand dropped from a	a	DET	net	ADJ	 net
On Michigan's first possession, Denard Robinson threw an interception on the second play (and first pass)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Germany was the first European team to win in South America in 2014. Only on four occasions have consecutive	consecutive	ADJ	World	PROPN	 World
Liz is shocked to discover that the pair are auditioning for The Amazing Race and, in fact, not	not	PART	terrorists	NOUN	 terrorists
Texas developed a reputation as a jinxed or unlucky ship after several accidents early in her career; she consequently	consequently	ADV	earned	VERB	 earned
Most recently, the painting was cleaned in 1980 when small amounts of grime were removed, some losses were	were	AUX	filled	VERB	 filled
The main focus is on standards of airworthiness and pilot licensing, and the objective is to promote high standards	standards	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Amanita bisporigera is considered the most toxic North American Amanita mushroom, with little variation in toxin content between different	different	ADJ	fruit	NOUN	 fruit
Upon peaking in wind speed, Vera was located 645 km (400 mi) northeast of Guam. The	The	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The coming years will see the High Speed Trains replaced with new Class 800 / 801 Intercity Express Trains,	,	PUNCT	capacity	NOUN	 capacity
MSI displayed the Pioneer Zephyr outdoors, with no protection from the weather, until 1994. At that time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nevertheless, the highway opened to traffic in three sections, starting from the easternmost, over the course of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born into a family of the Lincolnshire landed gentry, Boucherett became involved in local politics in Lincolnshire, and	and	CCONJ	(	PUNCT	 (
The first French " A " prototype flew in March 1969. In October a British " S " conducted	conducted	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Due to the storm's sudden northward shift in movement, hurricane warnings were issued for portions of Oahu and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" In addition, The Knoxville News Sentinel's Terry Morrow commented that " to hear Lewis doing Azaria doing	doing	VERB	Lewis	PROPN	 Lewis
The Allied response was written by James F. Byrnes and approved by the British, Chinese, and Soviet governments	governments	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In February 2006 Irving was convicted in Austria, where Holocaust denial is illegal, for a speech he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Consecutively held the world No. 1 ranking since February 2004. Occupied the top 3 places in the rankings	rankings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
McConnell battled with health problems throughout her life, after contracting rheumatic fever at the age of 20 which subsequently	subsequently	ADV	progressed	VERB	 progressed
Lütjens signalled headquarters at 21: 40 on the 26th: " Ship unmanoeuvrable. We will fight to the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
Michael Scott (Steve Carell) is informed by Jan Levenson (Melora Hardin) that his former boss Ed	Ed	PROPN	Truck	PROPN	 Truck
Three drama CDs were released on March 31, 2010, April 28, 2010, and June 2,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
This leads to competing 5fn7s2 and 5fn − 16d17s2 configurations, which causes the complexity of its chemical behavior.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He first sacked Beroea and then Antioch (allowing the garrison of 6,000 men to leave the city),	,	PUNCT	besieged	VERB	 besieged
The political division in China made it difficult for Chiang to battle the Communists, against whom the Kuomintang had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
During dry periods, however, much of the Senne's water was diverted for the needs of the populace	populace	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Thompson also initiated a similar campaign in Boston. Later, Thompson would criticize the Republican Party for inviting N.W.A	N.W.A	PROPN	member	NOUN	 member
This was done in part because of the association between Antsirabe and its history of horse breeding; the brand	brand	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
In the SAR role, RDAF AW101s have a crew of six and were initially painted yellow to distinguish themselves	themselves	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Sir George Oatley was chosen as architect and told to " build to last ". He produced a design	design	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, skirmishes between the rival destroyer screens in the darkness convinced von Ingenohl that he was faced with the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
The major areas identified as off track were population, poverty and the environment. An independent review of Vision	Vision	PROPN	2020	NUM	 2020
Officers of the Order also wear green robes. The Gentleman Usher of the Green Rod also bears, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The English Tahitian landowner Alexander Salmon took down Ure's dictation, which he later translated into English, for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album debuted at number one in the German albums chart. It peaked at number one in the Austrian	Austrian	ADJ	albums	NOUN	 albums
Magnús and Óláfr descended from a long line of Norse Gaelic kings who ruled the Isle of Man (Mann	Mann	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The Japanese realized after Tenaru that Allied forces on Guadalcanal were much greater in number than originally estimated and sent	sent	VERB	larger	ADJ	 larger
Augmentative and alternative communication is typically much slower than speech, with users generally producing 8 – 10 words per	per	ADP	minute	NOUN	 minute
The report in parts concluded that the British crews failed to navigate to, identify, and bomb their targets	targets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
About 6% of world nickel production is still used for corrosion resistant pure nickel plating. Nickel plated objects	objects	NOUN	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
" Massey noted that the lyrics were overly explicit but praised his delivery and flow: " His rhymes are	are	AUX	quick	ADJ	 quick
The film explores the life and imagination of Ishaan, an eight year old dyslexic child. Although he excels	excels	VERB	in	ADP	 in
There are a series of " trigger panels ", constructed out of timber or granite. Not to everyone	everyone	PRON	's	PART	's
It aimed to deter aggression by the Empire of Japan by providing for a base for a fleet of the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
A Fourier transform converts the interferogram into an actual spectrum. Fig. 9 shows a doppler image of the	the	DET	solar	ADJ	 solar
In 1997, the Newfoundland pony was declared a heritage breed of Newfoundland and Labrador, which afforded it protection	protection	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
On January 15, 2000, Mihdhar and Hazmi arrived at Los Angeles International Airport from Bangkok and were admitted	admitted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The Q Center also condemned the attack. The assault once again prompted Q Center volunteers to form Q Patrols	Patrols	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Lawry regarded Booth as one of the most gentlemanly cricketers that he knew. A committed Christian, Booth is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
The film earned $471 million in worldwide box office revenue. In addition, the studio won its first	first	ADJ	Academy	PROPN	 Academy
This is a 9,250 square foot (859 m2) building created for community use with sponsorship from St Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	's	PART	's
The group is fronted by Ice T, who co founded the group with lead guitarist Ernie C out of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Like their debut album, Too Much Too Soon became one of the most popular cult records in rock music	music	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Birds of the Seychelles race also indulge in some kleptoparasitism, chasing the chicks of sooty terns and forcing them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
Seeadler thereafter returned to East Asia and resumed her patrols of Chinese harbors, though during this period she also	also	ADV	visited	VERB	 visited
On November 20 against Xavier, Dawkins posted a career high of 6 rebounds. Dawkins finished the season 5th	5th	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Cerebrospinal fluid envelops the brain and the spine, and lumbar puncture or spinal tap is the removal of a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Oh, that scene is too long. Oh, that's too short. Are they going to get	get	VERB	this	DET	 this
Film noir is also known for its use of low angle, wide angle, and skewed, or Dutch	Dutch	ADJ	angle	NOUN	 angle
The first video game appearance of Abra, Kadabra, and Alakazam was in Pokémon Red and Blue versions.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Lucrezzia stopped writing for the paper in 1911, probably as a result of conflicts she had with Bogdan Pitești	Pitești	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to its historic character, the area has space available and is walkable. One local official calls	calls	VERB	Troy	PROPN	 Troy
I said that the money was not important, but I wanted him to admit that the song was geganvet	geganvet	NOUN	[	PUNCT	 [
These thick flows have subsequently eroded to produce rugged hills that limit the park on the east. Taken together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In March TMZ expanded the story by saying that Kia had told friends she had delivery a healthy boy on	on	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
In 1896, the Comptroller of the Treasury determined, after the fact, that former Senator Matthew Ransom's	's	PART	appointment	NOUN	 appointment
" But where Apple handed out money willy nilly to little end and failed to achieve anything more than get	get	VERB	some	DET	 some
Despite this, he developed a rapport with his men and an admiration for the Russian soldier. Although British	British	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
In 1907, while Vanderlip was vice president of the First National City Bank (later Citibank), he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
In the Eocene and early Oligocene, the Adriatic Plate moved north and north east, contributing to the Alpine	Alpine	PROPN	orogeny	NOUN	 orogeny
In spite of the risk to themselves, having been put under Royalist surveillance, the Champollion brothers nonetheless aided	aided	VERB	the	DET	 the
This view, of Shakespeare as a commercial go between, was later adapted by Oxfordians. After the Second	Second	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
However, his privileges were removed in 1941 and he spent the rest of the war as a forced labourer	labourer	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In the period before migration, many birds display higher activity or Zugunruhe (German: migratory restlessness),	,	PUNCT	first	ADV	 first
Romney Academy was formally established on February 11, 1818, when the Virginia General Assembly finally passed an act	act	NOUN	entitled	VERB	 entitled
Although the civic authorities initially resisted installing tramways in the city centre owing to concerns about nuisance and disruption,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Commanded by Group Captain Bill Hely, it comprised No. 5 (Tactical Reconnaissance) Squadron, No.	.	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
Two nearby cars were damaged as well. The three alarm fire destroyed the building, and causing damage to	to	ADP	nearby	ADJ	 nearby
This northern section was not planned as an Interstate Highway at that time, bearing the designation M 275 instead	instead	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
: 53 In M. inclemens, the front row of secondary eyes is only slightly wider than the third,	,	PUNCT	whose	DET	 whose
Elizabeth David complains of recipes that are " sometimes slapdash and misleading ", although she acknowledges that Prosper Montagné	Montagné	PROPN	's	PART	's
For its ability to produce free thinkers in an age without similar values, Dewey found the college " a	a	DET	tragic	ADJ	 tragic
On 9 March, the Bureau of Meteorology's (BoM) Tropical Cyclone Warning Center (TCWC) in	in	ADP	Perth	PROPN	 Perth
Due to the amount of interest in the ending of the " Who Shot Mr. Burns? " episode,	,	PUNCT	David	PROPN	 David
They represented United's first reported entry into the transfer market, arriving for a combined fee of £200	200	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The main building activity undertaken during the reign of Djedkare Isesi was the construction of his pyramid complex in Saqqara	Saqqara	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Further merchandise — including a tankard, a set of tarot cards, and a deluxe edition DVD — was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Other international airports, such as Kai Tak Airport in Hong Kong, have been decommissioned and replaced when they	they	PRON	reached	VERB	 reached
The Sheikh Eid Mosque, which was built over one of Jerusalem's oldest Islamic schools, the Afdiliyeh,	,	PUNCT	named	VERB	 named
Set against the backdrop of Mumbai's red light districts, it follows the travails of its personnel and principal	principal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Giants become the second NL team to win a Division Series after being down two games to none and	and	CCONJ	first	ADV	 first
As she began to work on her debut album, Kroknes became ill due to a heart defect. He	He	PRON	died	VERB	 died
He intended to run the length of Canada in the hope of increasing cancer awareness, a goal he initially	initially	ADV	only	ADV	 only
Thus two vowels transcribed for easy legibility as 〈 [e] 〉 and 〈 [ɛ] 〉 may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Entering from the upper portion of the arena, Bieber was lowered onto the center of the stage wearing a	a	DET	massive	ADJ	 massive
It was also at Barney's salon that Pound met his longtime mistress, the violinist Olga Rudge. In	In	ADP	1927	NUM	 1927
Another DH.2 intervened and McCudden landed near Arras, ordered a new propeller, and flew back to base.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
She starts singing " Alejandro " while jumping into the fountain and singing, as blood pours over her.	.	PUNCT	Gaga	NOUN	 Gaga
There was high inflation. The industrial sector resented its subjugation by the agrarian central government. Along with concerns	concerns	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
He initially planned to go into the clergy, enrolling in the University of Tulsa and studying subjects such as	as	ADP	theology	NOUN	 theology
An IGN article exploring the literary influences present in the Halo franchise commented on similarities between Halo and Orson Scott	Scott	PROPN	Card	PROPN	 Card
In Congress, Yancey and Benjamin Hill of Georgia, who had previously clashed in 1856, had their differences	differences	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Like many mascots, Buzz communicates via hand gestures and sign language, rather than speech. At some school	school	NOUN	events	NOUN	 events
In 1837 Euston railway station opened, the first railway station connecting London with the industrial heartlands of the West	West	PROPN	Midlands	PROPN	 Midlands
On January 4, Bentha attained peak winds of 85 km / h (50 mph), and on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Philip, with his cavalry caught the Romans ashore and was able to drive them back to their ships,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
They were too slow to stem the current in the Dniepr, and proved very difficult to steer. In	In	ADP	practice	NOUN	 practice
He served as Assistant Secretary of State from November 1924 to May 1925, and was subsequently appointed Minister to	to	ADP	China	PROPN	 China
Studio albums Aerosmith (1973) Get Your Wings (1974) Toys in the Attic (1975) Rocks	Rocks	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Through participation in this program, Leaf owners are able to generate CO2 emissions credits certified by the Ministry of	of	ADP	Economy	PROPN	 Economy
Proteus was released on 30 January 2013 for Windows and Mac, and on 8 April of the same year	year	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In addition, Thistle Creek provides a route south from Thistle towards the communities of the Sanpete and Sevier Valleys	Valleys	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Sari called the cinematography well done, but found that the plot could confuse viewers. Suditomo thought that the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Jewel Summoner received mixed reviews from the gaming press. Its monster collection theme and turn based gameplay was often	often	ADV	compared	VERB	 compared
Emperor of India was not available for the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June, as she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Rick Lyman of Knight Ridder News Services said in his review: " Any movie — even an animated	animated	VERB	one	NOUN	 one
The rain started coming down more heavily and Nico Rosberg spun at Fagnes corner, rejoining in front of the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Notably, the soundtrack is not a direct audio rip from the game itself, however; it is a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The Paleolithic extended from about 500,000 BCE to 8000 BCE. The Paleolithic is subdivided into periods, the Lower	Lower	PROPN	Paleolithic	PROPN	 Paleolithic
In 1981, Art Carney portrayed Truman in the docu drama film St. Helens. Truman was born in Ivydale	Ivydale	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Out of the ten states I 70 passes through, the 14.45 mile long (23.26 km) segment in	in	ADP	West	PROPN	 West
In 1905, Minna and the children emigrated to the United States, where they joined Isaac in Rockland,	,	PUNCT	Maine	PROPN	 Maine
They met on Sundays, beginning with dinner at 2 p.m., and continuing with discussions until at least 8	8	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The game features over seven hundred items; the designers included a system that randomizes the items the player obtains	obtains	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Darts is a widely popular sport in England; a professional competitive sport, darts is a traditional pub game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Tschopp finished the best of the team's six riders to reach the finish, finishing 16th overall. The	The	DET	team	NOUN	 team
From the bridge, it proceeds along Central Avenue, encountering Highway 11 one block north. The two routes	routes	NOUN	travel	VERB	 travel
And, therefore again, there is no hope for an intentional psychology. " Having criticized the idea that	that	SCONJ	semantic	ADJ	 semantic
Many of these offices were held by clergymen of the Church of Ireland, the then established church. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
The reasoning was partly due to the third episode " Exodus ", which became too long and split to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Her works were also shown in Boston, Chicago, and New York City. Norcross shared a studio with	with	ADP	Alix	PROPN	 Alix
The borough has seen substantial land reclamation along its waterfronts since Dutch colonial times, and much of the natural	natural	ADJ	variation	NOUN	 variation
The exact date of Andrew's birth is unknown. According to historians Tibor Almási, Gyula Kristó, and	and	CCONJ	Attila	PROPN	 Attila
" Peter Travers of Rolling Stone praised " a sensational performance, alert and nuanced " while Empire spoke of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Most heavy metal songs "... featur [e] at least one guitar solo ", which is "	"	PUNCT	...	PUNCT	...
After Alex Henery kicked a 49 yard field goal, the Bears scored their first points of the game with	with	ADP	Robbie	PROPN	 Robbie
El Salvador were runners up, recording two wins, one tie, and one loss. The 1943 CCCF	CCCF	ADJ	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
In 1902 the UERL, which already controlled the DR, took control of both companies and quickly raised the	the	DET	funds	NOUN	 funds
Like many British Columbians, he was disappointed that London seemed to have given up on BC as an independent	independent	ADJ	colony	NOUN	 colony
The castle's deer park, which merged into the larger Rising Chase, was positioned behind the castle in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
It was released for Microsoft Windows on June 13, 2014, and later released for OS X and Linux	Linux	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Decomposition of certain salts of uranium, for example UO2 (NO3) · 6H2O in air at 400°	°	NUM	C	NOUN	 C
Other local singers and choirs joined the orchestra for the remaining pieces, with Etsuyo Ota, Tomoaki Watanabe,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
70 88 mm guns in hedgerows and woods, covering the approaches to Caen. On 20 June Field Marshal	Marshal	PROPN	Erwin	PROPN	 Erwin
Dunn's training facility, Bud Dunn Stables (later Bud Dunn & Son) were located in Florence,	,	PUNCT	Alabama	PROPN	 Alabama
" Fatbeard " was a reference to increasing international media attention to piracy in the Indian Ocean, and the	the	DET	script	NOUN	 script
He withdrew beyond Shiloh Church, leaving 5,000 men under Breckinridge as a covering force, and massed Confederate batteries	batteries	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
St Francis lived austerely, in imitation of Christ. He embraced the natural world, and took vows of	of	ADP	poverty	NOUN	 poverty
New sails were added in 1971, along with other repairs. Further repairs were carried out in 1974,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
An outcome of the Crimean War was the British Government's willingness to use its increased influence at Constantinople to	to	PART	intervene	VERB	 intervene
The remix was also included on the deluxe edition of L.A.M.B., as well as on the international version of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hinson worked from his home in Tennessee and made his pieces using FL Studio 9. Although they were given	given	VERB	full	ADJ	 full
Rallies were held outside of City Hall, car rallies of decorated cars paraded through town and a section of	of	ADP	downtown	NOUN	 downtown
About 15 laps into that next to last run, Jimmie cleared Logano and got really fast. He was	was	AUX	just	ADV	 just
It was an immediate success, with all towels being sold at the first game. The A & M	M	PROPN	Yell	PROPN	 Yell
Young rays may have white spots. Encountered singly or in " social " groups, the common stingray appears	appears	VERB	to	PART	 to
In any event, the restriction fomented further interservice enmity between the Air Corps and the Navy that did not	not	PART	abate	VERB	 abate
Red maple is one of the first species to start stem elongation. In one study, stem elongation was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The market was also the location for public punishment of wrongdoers, and stocks and a pillory were set at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
To this end, the U.S. Army issued a Request For Proposals (RFP) for an Advanced Attack Helicopter	Helicopter	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" 5to Piso received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album and a Latin Grammy Award nomination for	for	ADP	Best	PROPN	 Best
After launching, the incomplete ship was transferred to Kiel for fitting out, including completion of the superstructure and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the session had ended, Fisichella was given a three place grid penalty by the stewards for exiting the	the	DET	pit	NOUN	 pit
The matter came to a head in January 1164, when Henry forced through agreement to the Constitutions of Clarendon	Clarendon	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
There was still concern that a crash and a fire could trigger the explosives. If immersed in water,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This corridor would have bypassed towns in eastern Allegany County such as Flintstone, leaving them without access to the	the	DET	freeway	NOUN	 freeway
In November 2013, the game was ranked at fourth and eighth place on Eurogamer and Hardcore Gamer's list	list	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He also gives her information about the kidnapper's new location, warning her to avoid " the blue devil	devil	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
During winter, both the South Pacific and South Atlantic highs move to the north, while the Subpolar Low	Low	PROPN	strengthens	NOUN	 strengthens
While the first scenes for the episode were shot on March 30, 2012, on a day that also	also	ADV	saw	VERB	 saw
Cultural events include the Rabindra Jayanti, Independence Day (15 August), Republic Day (26 January)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Also in the 1930s, US 422 / PA 73 was shifted to follow Mineral Spring Road between Reading and	and	CCONJ	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
Some historians have agreed, arguing that Atkinson could have prevented the outbreak of war with more decisive action or	or	CCONJ	astute	ADJ	 astute
This event takes place during the third weekend of October. There is also a Spring Wine Festival held during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The overall maximum stands at 36.5C (97.7F) at Charlwood, set on 10 August 2003. The absolute	absolute	ADJ	record	NOUN	 record
As he moved to attack another enemy soldier, he was mortally wounded. Lance Corporal Jimenez was not the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Two of the captured ships were sent to Malta with Constitution; President sailed to Syracuse, Sicily, arriving	arriving	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It was clear that he intended the letter to be printed in the press, and it appeared in full	full	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Because of this, the House of Lords rejected the bill, leaving Charles without any money to provide for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The facility has hosted Brier, the Canadian men's curling championship, on four occasions (1997, 2002	2002	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Love It to Death is seen as one of the foundational albums of the heavy metal sound, along with	with	ADP	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
This was truly what David Cronenberg would call ' the new flesh, ' a dissolution of the boundaries between	between	ADP	man	NOUN	 man
The Minish Cap also features a figurine based sidequest, similar to that in The Legend of Zelda: The	The	DET	Wind	PROPN	 Wind
On the evening of 31 August 2006, the aquarium introduced a juvenile male caught outside Santa Monica Bay.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
The choices were Falls Count Anywhere match, Tables match, or Full Metal Mayhem. Victory Road featured eight	eight	NUM	professional	ADJ	 professional
Kubrick met author Michael Herr through mutual friend David Cornwell (novelist John le Carré) in 1980, and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
The EP featured songs solely written by Lorde (credited under her birth name Ella Yelich O'Connor) and Joel	Joel	PROPN	Little	PROPN	 Little
His successors Nerva and Trajan were less restrictive, but in reality their policies differed little from Domitian's.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
He also said the film would be a hard R. Ken Levine, during an interview on August 30,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
The Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger was then made the Lord Warden in 1792. Pitt was badly in	in	ADP	debt	NOUN	 debt
Later on in the same essay, she commented that Brandon both embodied and rejected traditional masculinity, providing a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Bach scored the work for a small Baroque instrumental ensemble of originally just strings and continuo, probably intended to	to	PART	ease	VERB	 ease
This, as well as multiplexing technology, allows a number of channels to be broadcast together on one frequency	frequency	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
Oesau however managed to utilize Bär's skills as formation leader after the death of Segatz on 8 March 1944	1944	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
is a first person platform video game co developed by Exact and Ultra and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Having only made appearances as a substitute during two months with York, Morris returned to Norwich after his loan	loan	NOUN	expired	VERB	 expired
Leaves will usually wither during this period and a flower stem begin to emerge after eight to ten weeks.	.	PUNCT	Bulbs	PROPN	 Bulbs
She was formally decommissioned on 1 July. Her crew were paid off and redeployed to the U boat arm	arm	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The legs are marked with larger spots than the carapace, and both the chelipeds and the walking legs are	are	AUX	shorter	ADJ	 shorter
Finally, a female Italian immigrant was so thrilled about fresh roses at one of the Hull House receptions that	that	PRON	she	PRON	 she
When the pair have a boxing match, the prisoners and guards watch with interest. Although Luke is severely	severely	ADV	outmatched	VERB	 outmatched
Concentration camp inmates were made available for purchase by pharmaceutical companies for drug testing and other experiments. Women were	were	AUX	a	DET	 a
Because they are potentially hazardous prey for raptorial birds, raptors must usually take them by surprise and most attacks	attacks	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In four Tests, Hirst scored 157 runs at an average of 39.25 and took nine wickets at an average	average	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Studies have had conflicting findings on whether athletes have longer recovery times after repeat concussions and whether cumulative effects such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
He also captained the Chargers in a further 2 matches. After the termination of the Deccan Chargers, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Agency requests that its State enforcement partners also cease enforcement of this provision. States that do so will	will	AUX	not	PART	 not
" On July 4, 1826, the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence, Adams	Adams	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
At that time, the simmering disagreement between the free and slave states heated up with the introduction of the	the	DET	Kansas	PROPN	 Kansas
The top of the egg is depressed and forms a small central cavity called micropyle through which the egg is	is	AUX	fertilised	VERB	 fertilised
The actual design of the building was based upon the Château de Cheverny, albeit with the two outer wings	wings	NOUN	removed	VERB	 removed
The station has three exits, numbered 1, 4, and 5. Exit 1 is branched northeast of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although the Coalition forces achieved several victories at Verdun, Kaiserslautern, Neerwinden, Mainz, Amberg and Würzburg,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Beginning his major league career at the relatively advanced age of twenty eight, he played only ten seasons	seasons	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
As technological advances shape society, an individual might be able to resist the effects but his lifestyle will "	"	PUNCT	always	ADV	 always
Thorney Island was selected but then quickly ruled out as a useful site. It was later used, but	but	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
During this time, he begins falling for German lounge singer Elsa Lichtmann (Erika Heynatz) and soon has	has	VERB	an	DET	 an
The " official " version of events is that Mussolini was shot by Walter Audisio, a communist partisan who	who	PRON	used	VERB	 used
On 22 March 2013 the band performed outside the BBC Television Centre in a live broadcast for BBC Four.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Alexis graduated from Harvard Business School instead. In June 1940, with World War II already raging in Europe	Europe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is initially stuffed with cotton like mycelia, then later becomes hollow. The caps of dried fruit bodies	bodies	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
The JTWC estimated Cimaron to have been a stronger system, attaining its peak intensity as a Category 5 equivalent	equivalent	ADJ	super	ADJ	 super
Toby Keith's " Red Solo Cup " had already been on those charts, but was cited as the	the	DET	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
" Fortifications, castles, and every office in the kingdom was taken away from the Hungarians and given to	to	ADP	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
An advance party was led into an Itza trap and 87 expedition members were lost, including 50 soldiers,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
The citadel could hold 1,400 people, and was located on Park Crescent Terrace behind the west side of Park	Park	PROPN	Crescent	PROPN	 Crescent
To accomplish this, the USAF updated Doctrine Volume 2, Leadership, to expand the descriptions of total force	force	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Aside from the medley, Carey performed " I'll Be There " and " Reflections (Care Enough)	)	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This allows them to battle increasingly more difficult demonic entities. Progressively more powerful armor and weapons can be purchased	purchased	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Chinese cuisine is highly diverse, drawing on several millennia of culinary history and geographical variety, in which the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
The Ottomans invaded Malta in 1565, undertaking the Great Siege of Malta, which began on 18 May and	and	CCONJ	lasted	VERB	 lasted
The Chronicle was put together about four hundred years after these events. It is known that the annalists used	used	VERB	material	NOUN	 material
Today it hosts the Troy offices of a regional media company. National State Bank Building: 297 River Street	Street	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He described in detail social arrangements, distribution of work, how provisions would be divided and even how table	table	NOUN	manners	NOUN	 manners
Since the selection of the first New Zealand team in 1884, inter colonial games had been played against New	New	PROPN	South	PROPN	 South
Australian naval historians David Stevens and Tom Frame disagree on what happens next. Stevens states that Cumberledge assembled the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
This division process was common to many American congregations of the time. Born in Veszprém, Hungary in 1835	1835	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the first week of April 2012, a final appeal by the DC Rage Society to the City of	of	ADP	Dawson	PROPN	 Dawson
While collecting bananas on the island's vastly different regions, Donkey Kong defeats various enemies, including the reptilian	reptilian	ADJ	Kremlings	PROPN	 Kremlings
They had developed an interest in and admiration for native Hawaiian slack key guitarists like Gabby Pahinui. While in	in	ADP	Punahou	PROPN	 Punahou
His terrestrial and celestial globes, first published in 1592, were the first to be made in England and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" In a less enthusiastic review for The Village Voice, Robert Christgau gave At Fillmore East a " B	B	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
The Texas state legislature ordered all flags on state buildings to be flown at half staff to honor Murphy.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1935, Pacelli was named Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church. As Cardinal Secretary of State, Pacelli	Pacelli	PROPN	signed	VERB	 signed
The Peshwa's territories were absorbed into the Bombay Presidency and the territory seized from the Pindaris became the Central	Central	PROPN	Provinces	PROPN	 Provinces
The game was later published by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEA) in North America on March 25, 1998	1998	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Because of a lack of surviving documentary evidence on commissions of 15th century Northern painting, the identities of donors	donors	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
During the campaign that preceded the 1960 U.S. Presidential election, both candidates — Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy	Kennedy	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
The reggae / ska musician Judge Dread played his last gig at the Penny Theatre. His final words were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
This is one of the hardest pulls since we have trekked... all we can do is to slog on	on	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Researchers would reduce the search space by using heuristics or " rules of thumb " that would eliminate those paths	paths	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Both appointments were unpopular in the state, and on January 27, 1817, Breckinridge formed a coalition of	of	ADP	legislators	NOUN	 legislators
According to The Official Charts Company, " (You Drive Me) Crazy " is Spears ' seventh best	best	ADJ	selling	NOUN	 selling
To Harrison's frustration, Dylan was having severe doubts about performing in such a big event atmosphere and still	still	ADV	would	AUX	 would
Except for some small outcrops close to the Cerro, no nearby habitat is suitable, but more populations may	may	AUX	exist	VERB	 exist
When Longstreet launched his assault on Fort Sanders on November 29, 1863, the 29th saw heavy action in	in	ADP	repulsing	VERB	 repulsing
He also gained military experience as a leader of a regional militia during the civil war fought between the transition	transition	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
All three plays concern the fate of Thebes during and after the reign of King Oedipus. They have often	often	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Juan Martinez of Universal Music Group, the A & R person who enlisted the producers of the remixes for	for	ADP	each	DET	 each
After preventing the construction of the branch beyond Euston, the Committee allowed the HStP & CCR bill to proceed	proceed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
He was again appointed constable and steward of the Derbyshire manor in March 1399, although he gave up his	his	PRON	office	NOUN	 office
He thought that she was " thoroughly watchable " with Gillan's acting abilities and chemistry with Smith, but	but	CCONJ	criticised	VERB	 criticised
The foreman, Sir Richard Smith (mayor of Abingdon in 1564 / 1565), had been a household	household	NOUN	servant	NOUN	 servant
He made more than 300 appearances in the Football League playing as a striker. He was a " strong	strong	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
It is operated by the state owned Avinor and handled 145,396 passengers in 2014, making it the third busiest	busiest	ADJ	regional	ADJ	 regional
She mounted two submerged tubes for 21 inch (533 mm) torpedoes, one on each side forward of	of	ADP	'	PUNCT	 '
" The Farm " received mostly negative reviews from critics, many criticizing Dwight's farm storyline and some critics	critics	NOUN	calling	VERB	 calling
She wore a black PVC catsuit and was accompanied on stage by guitarist Nuno Bettencourt; the set design included	included	VERB	flame	NOUN	 flame
It is probable that Q ' uq ' umatz was really the title of another ajpop mentioned in the sources	sources	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
(Flag manufacturers themselves may adopt alternative ratios, including 1: 2 or 2: 3). The	The	DET	ratio	NOUN	 ratio
" New York audiences heard the work in the same year. Ravel's second ballet of 1912 was Adélaïde	Adélaïde	PROPN	ou	PROPN	 ou
These were previously used to great effect on Bulleid's Merchant Navy and West Country and Battle of Britain class	class	NOUN	designs	NOUN	 designs
MD 18H is the designation for a 0.19 mile (0.31 km) section of Castle Marina Road between a	a	DET	right	NOUN	 right
He recalled: [There was] hardly anybody around who was playing at that time didn't play '	'	PUNCT	Boogie	PROPN	 Boogie
In December 1846, Brunner commenced an expedition, accompanied by four Māori including Kehu, which began from Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Sheriff Hill has a population of 5,051 – 53% of whom	whom	PRON	are	AUX	 are
When they find a food source, they communicate to other soldiers and a small force of workers starts to	to	PART	emerge	VERB	 emerge
Choding Khang is the hermitage located just behind the Great Assembly Hall (on the hill slope of Sera Utse	Utse	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Prior to her casting in Glee, Mays was already an established actress in both the television and film industry	industry	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Produced by RedOne, the track was released as the album's third single in North America and Europe and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
For many years Fonda took ballet class to keep fit, but after fracturing her foot while filming The China	China	PROPN	Syndrome	PROPN	 Syndrome
" Howbeit, neither mine host nor the postmaster are to be contented with kisses. " They proceeded into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Whitman had intense friendships with many men and boys throughout his life. Some biographers have suggested that he	he	PRON	may	AUX	 may
St. Peter's and is 125 by 55 feet (38 by 17 m). Before the church had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
After the final pit stops, Paul Menard became the leader of the race, but with less than fifty	fifty	NUM	laps	NOUN	 laps
(The MVP award was first given in 1931). The 40 year old Bonds also broke Willie Stargell	Stargell	PROPN	's	PART	's
Due to strong site fidelity, changes in weather and ice conditions are not always associated with narwhal movement toward	toward	ADP	open	ADJ	 open
Rommel never returned to Normandy; implicated in the 20 July plot against Hitler, on 14 October he was	was	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
He won the opening prologue of the Vuelta to take an early lead. Despite Ocaña's best efforts,	,	PUNCT	Merckx	PROPN	 Merckx
In 1989, Jenner played herself in the comedy short Dirty Tennis written by James Van Patten. Jenner has	has	AUX	appeared	VERB	 appeared
A compilation CD box was released on March 28, 2007, titled Final Fantasy XI Original Soundtrack Premium Box	Box	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Yet in the midst of this torn and fissured surface we suddenly came on a magnificent circular floor, 42	42	NUM	ft	X	 ft
These faults began to slip during construction and emergency measures had to be taken to protect the tunnels and workers	workers	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The area of low pressure preceding the development of Bertha produced rough surf and rip currents along the Florida coastline	coastline	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Renown also underwent a special refit at Malta from February to May 1900 to meet Fisher's requirements for her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
They beat New Zealand 5 – 2 in their first game at the World Cup, but lost 4 –	–	SYM	1	NUM	 1
Opinions differ on who was the founder of modern ecological theory. Some mark Haeckel's definition as the beginning	beginning	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Modifications to the secondary battery were also outside the purview of the Washington Treaty. Included in initial plans was	was	AUX	some	DET	 some
Will and Vince D ' Angelo (Bobby Cannavale) have since reconciled, and are raising a son,	,	PUNCT	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
Forming on September 18, it became the 13th tropical storm and fourth hurricane of the year. The storm	storm	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
Tracks were also nominated for awards in 2003 and 2004. In September 2004 the group issued their first live	live	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
He gives the two their first Jiggy as a token of gratitude to help find them. Meanwhile, Gruntilda	Gruntilda	PROPN	's	PART	's
It is the title track from her third studio album True Blue (1986), and was released as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
After these operations she returned to the United States. Beginning on 17 March 1986, Iowa underwent her overdue	overdue	ADJ	InSurv	PROPN	 InSurv
In early 1982, the Trinity Broadcasting Network's Paul Crouch hosted a show with self described neuroscientist William Yarroll	Yarroll	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Daley's approval rating was at an all time low of 35% by late 2009. On September 7	7	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It consists of six songs all composed by Rubens and penned by Bhaskarabhatla, Kandikonda and Viswa. Rahul Kumar	Kumar	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Immediately beneath the upper course are a series of small niches containing dynamic sculptures of the dead coming forth from	from	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The battle was a disaster: Ferguson was killed, and nearly his entire force was killed or captured.	.	PUNCT	Kings	NOUN	 Kings
Under his ownership, the Drawing Room was redecorated in a Renaissance Venetian style, In the process, Crace	Crace	PROPN	's	PART	's
If the star's distance is known, its absolute (overall) luminosity can also be estimated. From	From	ADP	the	DET	 the
He has also been compared to jazz drummer Dennis Chambers for his " quick hands, furious snare rolls,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Koldun was 201 feet (61.3 m) long overall, with a beam of 46 feet (14.0 m	m	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The electrical generating plant was said to put out 27,500 shaft horsepower (20,500 kW) for a cruising speed	speed	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Prior to the broadcast of " 201 ", the radical Muslim organization Revolution Muslim posted a warning on their	their	PRON	website	NOUN	 website
The government appointed Electrowatt Engineering Services of Zürich to oversee construction and eventually became responsible for the extension studies of	of	ADP	future	ADJ	 future
Takeada also said other individuals were involved and were used to trace cels or paint cels as needed, but	but	CCONJ	still	ADV	 still
Their " heroic age " of martyrs, or " Era of Martyrs ", was held to begin with	with	ADP	Diocletian	PROPN	 Diocletian
The entire central box truss section of the bridge known as the " High Girders " collapsed along with the	the	DET	thirteen	NUM	 thirteen
The forward conning tower had a forward face of 250 mm (9.8 in) that thinned down to 225	225	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
The larvae of a number of butterfly species feed on the foliage including the fiery jewel, icilius blue,	,	PUNCT	lithocroa	ADJ	 lithocroa
In addition, Auerbach was voted one of the NBA 10 Greatest Coaches in history, was inducted into the	the	DET	National	ADJ	 National
This judgement did not remove the potential for disputes, as ice could be washed downstream along rivers, resulting	resulting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The conflict led to the adoption of a muted resolution in favor of the fifteenth amendment, one which expressed	expressed	VERB	disappointment	NOUN	 disappointment
She was launched on 14 March 1888 and fitting out work was completed on 11 August 1889. In 1893	1893	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Old warehouses were razed, and new barracks, heads and galleys were erected in their place. US Navy	Navy	PROPN	support	NOUN	 support
By 1 January 1942, Bladin was serving as Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (Operations), charged	charged	VERB	with	ADP	 with
He called Piper " a true and unending legend of Doctor Who " and stated that " her wise rendition	rendition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Also in the market place is The Shambles, a medieval market stall, although it has been much restored	restored	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Biden had remained low in the opinion polls when compared to other candidates. A Rasmussen survey taken September 19	19	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
On June 24, 2011, it was reported that Brulé had been traded along with a fourth round draft	draft	NOUN	pick	NOUN	 pick
No details are given of Othelake's career as Ireland King of Arms, although he certainly had a connection	connection	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
After Meeker's death, the OTMA selected Howard R. Driggs, a professor of English education at New York	York	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
In relation to ununtrium atoms, it lowers the 7s and the 7p electron energy levels (stabilizing the corresponding	corresponding	VERB	electrons	NOUN	 electrons
Duc emerged from the car along with two other monks. One placed a cushion on the road while the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
SR 143 continues climbing southward, passing the northern edge of Cedar Breaks National Monument, a natural amphitheater canyon	canyon	NOUN	eroded	VERB	 eroded
Jerome's conclusions have been challenged, but still form the basis of much work on the subject. Emigration	Emigration	NOUN	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
The first major discovery was the Kinsale Head gas field in 1971. Next was the smaller Ballycotton gas field	field	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
By October 1940, the ship's anti aircraft armament was increased when the rear set of torpedo tubes was	was	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
New Super Mario Bros. features original music composed by Asuka Ohta and Hajime Wakai, under the direction of the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
In accordance to the new law, it would be a crime to print, publish, sale, to	to	PART	exhibit	VERB	 exhibit
This caused the forward turrets and conning tower to collapse downward some 25 – 30 feet (7.6 – 9.1	9.1	NUM	m	NUM	 m
The majority of nonmetals are colored or colorless insulating gases; nonmetals that form compounds with other nonmetals feature covalent	covalent	NOUN	bonding	NOUN	 bonding
For example, in years when not a part of the national championship, the Rose Bowl still hosted the	the	DET	Big	PROPN	 Big
Her outfits are available in the video games Gunslinger Stratos 2 and Star Ocean: Till the End of Time	Time	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The rebuilt station was completed on 5 July 1931. The station was rebuilt in 2003 by Railtrack. The	The	DET	1931	NUM	 1931
He is the first Hispanic to the reach the rank of Commodore and to receive a promotion to Rear Admiral	Admiral	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The book's first chapter focuses on Cook's " big questions " on Davies ' writing style, character	character	NOUN	development	NOUN	 development
Typically there are five ocellae arranged symmetrically in a row of three and another of two; rays with 0	0	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
During this time it was based at Winnellie and took part in building defences in the north. Later,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Spider Man became the highest grossing superhero film of all time at the time of its release. It was	was	AUX	eventually	ADV	 eventually
It's an effect that makes you focus squarely on [Rihanna], who's ensconsced in flirty outfits	outfits	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
VanDerWerff also criticised the holy blood plot line, comparing it to other contemporary takes on the idea such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The county was also slow to pay Charles I's ship money which began to be levied (in defiance	defiance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" After watching the music video, Tim Nixon from The Sun called it " mouth watering ", and	and	CCONJ	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The special opens with a black and white introduction that sees Gaga ordering a cup of coffee from a New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Countless acts — Mercury Rev, Cowboy Junkies, Wilco, the Waterboys — have since tried to get back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Bowman opens the ship's emergency airlock manually, enters the ship, and proceeds to Hal's processor core	core	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Nick Heidfeld damaged his left front suspension in a crash early in the session. In the second practice session	session	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The only possible blends remaining after ruling out hierarchical triple stars was that of determining if the curve is caused	caused	VERB	by	ADP	 by
By this time, her role in Russian war plans was to defend the Gulf of Riga against an anticipated	anticipated	ADJ	German	ADJ	 German
Taraborrelli commented that " Many female artists behave like a diva for a period when they reach superstar status,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Ostrow was complimentary of cast members Lisa Kudrow and David Schwimmer's performances. " Lisa Kudrow, as	as	ADP	Phoebe	PROPN	 Phoebe
He graduated in 2001 from Lafayette High School in Wildwood. Freese recorded a Lafayette record.533 batting average and 23	23	NUM	home	NOUN	 home
The internal decorations were also updated with additions such as wall paintings and portraits. The sixth William succeeded his	his	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
It is situated on the Lemington Gut, a backwater of the River Tyne, at Lemington, 3.5 mi	mi	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Falling evaporating bodies may also be responsible for the presence of gas located high above the plane of the main	main	ADJ	debris	NOUN	 debris
In a visit to the United States in December 1950, the British prime minister, Clement Attlee, had	had	AUX	raised	VERB	 raised
The self immolation was later regarded as a turning point in the Buddhist crisis and a critical point in the	the	DET	collapse	NOUN	 collapse
For the 2014 model year, only the 100% charge range figure applies. 2016 model year Nissan added	added	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
After the 1948 season, in which Cleveland won all of its games and a third championship, Saban was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
The price was too high and with the exception of sporadic attacks on convoys later in the year, the	the	DET	Ju	PROPN	 Ju
The film received a limited theatrical release and was not widely seen. While filming Miss Julie in Ireland,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The December 1940 issue of Poedjangga Baroe included comments from several other writers and literary critics, including Alisjahbana,	,	PUNCT	HB	PROPN	 HB
The intro is followed by the singer recording vocals with music director Stuart Price and auditioning dancers for the Re	Re	PROPN	Invention	PROPN	 Invention
In the case of the small toothed sportive lemur, the population at Kalambatritra Reserve became known as Wright's	's	PART	sportive	ADJ	 sportive
Scores in Varsity are typically lower than those in Scholastic, and those in Scholastic are typically lower than those	those	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Pinnacles of snow intolerably bright, part of the chain connected with Mont Blanc, shone through the clouds at	at	ADP	intervals	NOUN	 intervals
Although the finale was a success for the night, it was a 1% decrease from season five's	's	PART	finale	NOUN	 finale
The private line was built with 1,067 mm (3 ft 6 in) narrow gauge and was not connected	connected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Although known for large size, many Mesozoic dinosaurs were human sized or smaller, and modern birds are generally	generally	ADV	small	ADJ	 small
Each cadential six measure phrase is constructed using a change of meter on the fourth measure and uses a I	I	PRON	–	PUNCT	 –
At Slammiversary XIII, Kong once again teamed with Brooke to defeat The Dollhouse in a 3 on 2 handicap	handicap	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
Lees Ferry demarcates the boundary between the Upper and Lower Basins of the Colorado River; the states which make	make	VERB	up	ADP	 up
After this period this poetry seems to have been forgotten in Wales for centuries until Evan Evans (Ieuan Fardd	Fardd	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Fluor built the first " Buddha Tower " in 1921 in Signal Hill, California for the Industrial Fuel Supply	Supply	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
As war with Spain threatened, warships lying in ordinary began to be commissioned and fitted for sea. Bellerophon	Bellerophon	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although their contribution to the islands can still be found in personal and placenames, the archaeological record of the	the	DET	Norse	PROPN	 Norse
Up to three quarters of cases are accompanied by other chest injuries, the most common of these being hemothorax	hemothorax	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
I think what drives him is the thrill of the search. " Marshall Green contrasted Holloway with Shaw,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The base faces the most northerly setting of Venus. Additionally the pillars of a stylobate on the building's	's	PART	upper	ADJ	 upper
He finished the tournament with seven points in eight games, including two goals in a 10 – 3 defeat	defeat	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
The cameo marked her first high profile public performance since her ongoing legal battle with Dr. Luke. A studio	studio	NOUN	version	NOUN	 version
The plot revolves around a little girl who plays in a dreamland where she learns how to make the impossible	impossible	ADJ	possible	ADJ	 possible
These visitations were serious affairs, and many individuals were charged and heavily fined for breaking the law of arms	arms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the Sandmeyer reaction. Treatment of an arenediazonium salt with CuCl leads to an aryl chloride, for example	example	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
A contributor from Variety reported that Community, an NBC show that airs at 8: 00 p.m., and	and	CCONJ	30	NUM	 30
He also felt that the theme song " Why " was " generic " and " bland ". Sophia	Sophia	PROPN	Tong	PROPN	 Tong
On 7 August, the ship again took Jellicoe to Cromarty for another meeting, this time with the Prime	Prime	PROPN	Minister	PROPN	 Minister
It was released on June 18, 2014 when Williams appeared on Good Morning America. The clip depicts the	the	DET	three	NUM	 three
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files	Files	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the months following Surfer Rosa, the Pixies ' management fielded calls from a number of labels. Elektra	Elektra	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Mark Lawson for The Independent wrote that Windsor's casting was intended to combat low ratings, commenting: "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The same day after reading it, I set off to Singapore. On 2 February 1942, I led	led	VERB	some	DET	 some
LaMotta had lost by knockout to Billy Fox earlier in his career. However, that fight was later ruled	ruled	VERB	to	PART	 to
The dish is also garnished with cooked pine nuts and almonds. The classic form of eating mansaf is using	using	VERB	the	DET	 the
Carrere, Ho and Stillman claimed to have faced " serious consequences for the reception of [their] work	work	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" When asked by Ross Reynolds of National Public Radio affiliate KUOW FM why the Arbitration decision included a "	"	PUNCT	ban	NOUN	 ban
New York State gained control of the road in 1909. The NY 28N designation was assigned as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
While there is no scholarly consensus as to when the Games officially ended, the most commonly held date is	is	AUX	393	NUM	 393
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War Xenophon, Anabasis, Hellenica Plutarch, Parallel Lives; Themistocles, Aristides	Aristides	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Rhys later decides to see his father. During Sonya and Toadie's wedding reception, a gas bottle explodes	explodes	VERB	destroying	VERB	 destroying
The undertaker removed the lid to expose Fanny's corpse, " and a very awful shocking sight it was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Preliminary astrometric measurements in 2001 suggested the orbit of 16 Cygni Bb may be highly inclined with respect to our	our	PRON	line	NOUN	 line
For Plains people the Plains hide painting tradition painted images onto tipis, shields, and other animal hide objects	objects	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After graduating from high school, Moynahan pursued a modeling career despite admitting she had never read fashion magazines growing	growing	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In mid June he was moved from intensive care into a rehabilitation ward. By 16 June 2014, Schumacher	Schumacher	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
In common with the other main island chains of Scotland, many of the more remote islands were abandoned during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Noting the apparent lack of recipes for this salve in the witch trial records, Duerr posits the view that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The River Hull was a good haven for shipping, whose trade included the export of wool from Meaux abbey	abbey	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He muses that Pinker, after being struck by lightning, must have developed the ability to pass through solid	solid	ADJ	objects	NOUN	 objects
In this style, Douglas was influenced by the architects Nesfield and Shaw. Douglas also used vernacular elements from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rainfall led to flooding across the central portion of the state, with 45 flash flood warnings issued by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The flag is broken in blue and white. Between 1939 and 1958, a different coat of Arms and	and	CCONJ	flag	NOUN	 flag
Following the outbreak of World War II on 3 September 1939, the Australian government announced the decision to raise	raise	VERB	the	DET	 the
Like their Muslim counterparts in Spain, the Arab conquerors of Sicily introduced a wide variety of new sweets and	and	CCONJ	desserts	NOUN	 desserts
He was Commissioner of Highways in Minnesota from 1961 to 1965. James Creel Marshall was born in Plattsburg,	,	PUNCT	Missouri	PROPN	 Missouri
Each office would be governed in a manner similar to the mints, with a superintendent in charge and two	two	NUM	subordinate	ADJ	 subordinate
While reviews of the movie version of E.T. were highly positive, the game was negatively received by critics,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Tierney was one of three children, along with his brother Michael A. and sister Catherine. His father was	was	AUX	of	ADP	 of
An ardent Welsh nationalist who learnt to speak Welsh, his poetry was based on his religious faith. In	In	ADP	1995	NUM	 1995
In deciding on the extent to which you will be able to carry out safely the policy, you will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
" Nintendo Power criticized how little the game had changed stating that " the theme remains the same as the	the	DET	Game	PROPN	 Game
But, as of 2016, ECS is closed, due to zero student enrollment. The school offers Integrated	Integrated	PROPN	French	PROPN	 French
It is worthy of note, however, that the arms bear the red white red flag of Austria,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The original length of Highway 80 was 13.9 mi (22.4 km). However, this winding route proved	proved	VERB	to	PART	 to
Setting sail, they are joined by the police detectives Thomson and Thompson and soon discover that Calculus has stowed	stowed	VERB	away	ADP	 away
Bostwick was used in both the centre of defence and the centre of midfield during the first half of the	the	DET	2008	NUM	 2008
In his early appearances, he is seen in the offices of Section Chief Scott Blevins and Assistant Director Walter	Walter	PROPN	Skinner	PROPN	 Skinner
Its usage is often highly stigmatized, and it may be used as a marker of low socio economic or	or	CCONJ	regional	ADJ	 regional
William Adam, the foremost Scottish architect of his time, designed and built numerous country houses and public buildings	buildings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Considering the film to be a " weird, twisted, sarcastic thing, " Elfman decided to make a	a	DET	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
Powell's trial proceeded immediately after Unwin's, and his testimony contradicted much of what Unwin had said.	.	PUNCT	Powell	PROPN	 Powell
Many of his field studies took place in Africa, where he was especially interested in the Nile crocodile,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Early in its duration, Pongsona first affected Pohnpei as a tropical storm. There, it produced heavy rains	rains	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although Angelou journeys to many places in the book, the most important journey she describes is " a voyage	voyage	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
After playing in some friendly matches with Red Bull Salzburg during the winter break, he made his league debut	debut	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Some bathhouses have areas designed to facilitate impersonal sex. These areas – rooms or hallways – are illuminated only	only	ADV	by	ADP	 by
New genes can be generated from an ancestral gene when a duplicate copy mutates and acquires a new function.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Both rivers travel towards Sambava and drain into the Indian Ocean. Marojejy is connected to the Anjanaharibe Sud Special	Special	PROPN	Reserve	PROPN	 Reserve
In a study in the Forest of Ae, south west Scotland, it was found that 21% of	of	ADP	nestlings	NOUN	 nestlings
But Naruto learns that sage mode heals things much quicker therefore he can use the Rasenshuriken as it will quickley	quickley	NOUN	heal	VERB	 heal
It is likely that the compiler was one of Baldwin's clerks, and that this testified to Baldwin's	's	PART	continuing	VERB	 continuing
" The San Francisco Chronicle's Tim Goodman echoed this praise and referred to " Gay Tom " as "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Henri turned eastward on September 19 and weakened to tropical depression status. It failed to regain significant convection,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Having lived a good and adventurous life, he happily accepts his fate rather than trying to fight it like	like	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Upon release, MTV Unplugged received universal acclaim from music critics, many of whom complimented the band's musicianship	musicianship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" On 1 September 1939 Nazi Germany invaded Poland, starting World War II in Europe, and subsequently made	made	VERB	Zaolzie	PROPN	 Zaolzie
They decide to write their own offensive novel, The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs (which they originally called The	The	DET	Tale	PROPN	 Tale
The dealer that exported these dolphins has stated that they intend to release their 17 remaining dolphins back into the	the	DET	wild	NOUN	 wild
Insomniac believed that one of the key processes in the development process was the rigorous testing. Working closely with	with	ADP	Sony	PROPN	 Sony
The accompanying music video for " Slow " was directed by Baillie Walsh and choreographed by Michael Rooney. The	The	DET	video	NOUN	 video
In 1561, Johannes Brenz published a work defending such a view, and Vermigli's friends convinced him to	to	PART	write	VERB	 write
It begins with the fall of the Hindu Vijayanagara Empire in 1565 and ends just before the rise of Sultan	Sultan	PROPN	Haidar	PROPN	 Haidar
Founded in 1903 or 1904, though tracing its roots back to 1857, it is the oldest Orthodox congregation	congregation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The original television broadcast of the episode was immediately preceded by a clip show titled " Lost: Past,	,	PUNCT	Present	PROPN	 Present
After several performances the group left the Dutch East Indies, but Van Kinsbergen decided to stay there. He	He	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Collingwood, who scored 145 runs, and Ian Bell, who added 84 runs, increased the run rate	rate	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
The best locations for solar parks in terms of land use are held to be brown field sites, or	or	CCONJ	where	SCONJ	 where
S. formosa forages from about the middle to the apex of tall trees, exploring the trunks and epiphyte covered	covered	VERB	branches	NOUN	 branches
In 1864, the Bhutanese rulers and the British signed the Treaty of Sinchula that ceded the passes leading through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Combat takes place in real time, but the player can pause the game at any time to calmly target	target	VERB	enemies	NOUN	 enemies
Nevertheless, Oldenburg appointed Kulikovsky as an aide de camp, and allowed him to live in the same residence	residence	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The 2,100 men who volunteered were organized into a brigade of five regiments under Brigadier General Samuel Whiteside. Among	Among	ADP	the	DET	 the
In United States v. Valenzuela Bernal (1982), the Court held that an argument by the government that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Calhoun thus became the second of two vice presidents to serve under two different presidents, the other being George	George	PROPN	Clinton	PROPN	 Clinton
It was sometimes known as the " homing stone ". Gerald said that Hugh d'Avranches, 1st Earl of	of	ADP	Chester	PROPN	 Chester
It was originally established in the late Victorian era and was formerly joined with the neighbouring Herne Bay Infant school	school	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A racially motivated attack on local worker Altab Ali near Whitechapel Road in May 1978 was a significant event for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
There, the hairs are dark gray at their bases and white at the tips, so that the fur	fur	NOUN	appears	VERB	 appears
Conan's Mature rating from the Entertainment Software Rating Board, largely due to its violent content, made the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The hospital scenes were filmed on the same sets used for the ABC show Grey's Anatomy. Despite not	not	PART	being	AUX	 being
In January 1907, he wrote to Lancashire to inform them of his reduced availability for 1907; even so	so	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Even as early as the 14th century, the area traded in unprocessed wool. There was a number of	of	ADP	skilled	ADJ	 skilled
The highest ranking body of the ACWF is the National Congress of Women which meets every five years. The	The	DET	National	PROPN	 National
The Byzantine imperial army moved out from Antioch and Northern Syria sometime in the middle of June 636. The	The	DET	Byzantine	ADJ	 Byzantine
In the wake of the Oslo Accords the US finally agreed to supply the IAF with the F 15E Strike	Strike	PROPN	Eagle	PROPN	 Eagle
A white dwarf star in a close binary system can accumulate material from its companion until it ignites and blows	blows	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Chakrapong abstained from playing an active role in the party to avoid renewing tensions with his brother, and focused	focused	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" Pavor Nocturnus " came early in the development of the season, as Kindler wanted to show an episode	episode	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Her name is identical to Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis ' maiden name, a reference made to Marge when Lisa wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
San Francisco Bay Ferry operates from the Ferry Building and Pier 39 to points in Oakland, Alameda, Bay	Bay	PROPN	Farm	PROPN	 Farm
Seara's support for Macedonski's cosmopolitanism earned Karnabatt criticism from the anti Symbolist Transylvanians. During spring 1913,	,	PUNCT	Cantacuzino	PROPN	 Cantacuzino
It is a film adaptation of the eponymous 1922 Broadway play by Elmer Rice, itself based on a novel	novel	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
St. Louis produced several notable soldiers in the war, including Edward O'Hare, who grew up in St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Odell Beckham, Jr. then returned the kickoff that ensued 82 yards to the Crimson Tide 18 yard line.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
In his later years Andersen became involved in speaking about children's rights and correctional institutions. He called the	the	DET	institutions	NOUN	 institutions
Telephantasm: A Retrospective, a new Soundgarden compilation album, was packaged with initial shipments of the Guitar Hero	Hero	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
As the young offspring grow and become free swimming fry, the parental activities are distributed more equally between the	the	DET	parents	NOUN	 parents
When Mildred dies of cancer in 1940, Winton sends James on a train to Fairmount, Indiana, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
A repair ship completed work on the vessel in two weeks. Fuel shortages prevented major operations for the next	next	ADJ	six	NUM	 six
According to jazz critic Gary Giddins, Misterioso is a hard bop record. The songs performed for the album	album	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Pierce remained in the game to pitch the ninth, finishing his complete game shutout. Koufax later said of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Flowing northwest through Somerset and the Somerset Levels to its mouth at Burnham on Sea, into the Bridgwater Bay	Bay	PROPN	nature	NOUN	 nature
" Frusciante believed the flexibility of " Under the Bridge " has contributed to its success: " A lot	lot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Of the six prototypes built three crashed — including one during an air display at the 1963 Paris Air Show	Show	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was written by Kirk J. Rudell and directed by series producer James Burrows. The episode originally aired on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the 2000 Perl Conference, Jon Orwant made a case for a major new language initiative. This led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The biggest change in early post liberation politics was the surge of support for the Communist Party of Belgium,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In Northanger Abbey, an early parody of Gothic fiction, Austen upends eighteenth century fictional conventions by making her	her	PRON	heroine	NOUN	 heroine
The official Labour campaign stalled, as Lloyd became embroiled in a row over his role in the failure of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the day of the battle, March 19, 1865, Foraker was promoted to brevet captain, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
He told Satie of this unhappy encounter; Satie replied with a dismissive epithet for Ravel who, he said	said	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The first hour of the show garnered 8.3 million American viewers and a 3.3 / 9 rating in the 18	18	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Douglas Bader arrived at the military hospital in 1932 to recover from the amputation of his legs following an air	air	NOUN	crash	NOUN	 crash
In addition, Gearbox announced that the High Definition pack would not be exclusive for Blue Shift, but could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
St. John's was the eastern terminus of the Newfoundland Railway from 1898 until the abandonment and closure of the	the	DET	railway	NOUN	 railway
It was written by Erin Hunter, which is a pseudonym used by authors Cherith Baldry, Kate Cary,	,	PUNCT	Tui	PROPN	 Tui
Yet, in Durr al sadaf fi ghara ' ib al sudaf (Pearl Shells in Relating Strange Coincidences)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In December 2005, a 283 page book by MEF containing drawings and production material from New Cutie Honey and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In September 1871, Missouri Senator Carl Schurz formed the Liberal Republican Party, founded on opposition to President Grant	Grant	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Murray and Federer shared the two North American Hard Court Masters titles, at Montreal and Cincinnati respectively, with	with	ADP	Djokovic	PROPN	 Djokovic
However, Presley's stepbrother David Stanley has claimed that the bodyguards were fired because they were becoming more outspoken	outspoken	ADJ	about	ADP	 about
The following month, Lincoln sent him to Missouri to deliver a letter to Union General John C. Frémont,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
At first, the Church of God did not object to his snake handling services, and, in 1914	1914	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the UK, where the episode aired on May 23, 2011, it was watched by 2.11 million	million	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
Upon reading of the oath, any powers held by a previous president will be transferred to the president elect	elect	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the early study of radioactivity, various heavy radioactive isotopes were given their own names, but such names	names	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Arguably, the courts can not create further situations (or declare further relationships such as roommate / roommate)	)	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Howard struck out for the 12th time in the series, tying Willie Wilson's 1980 record for most strikeouts	strikeouts	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Because Reformed Christians believe baptism must be embraced by faith to have any benefit, they recognize that faith may	may	AUX	come	VERB	 come
Private enterprises established included: Grain Importers Ltd., Animal Feed Stuffs Ltd., Fuel Importers Ltd., Oil and	and	CCONJ	Fats	PROPN	 Fats
Grant had hoped that starring opposite Deborah Kerr in the romantic comedy Dream Wife would salvage his career, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The portion between Trenton and White Horse replaced part of Pre 1927 Route 2, while the portion between Lakehurst	Lakehurst	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The applicant then appealed to the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal construed section 8B (1)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Platinum also has 31 synthetic isotopes ranging in atomic mass from 166 to 202, making the total number of	of	ADP	known	VERB	 known
Although he derided Berkeley's performance as Waingro, he concluded that it was " a fine companion piece to	to	ADP	Heat	PROPN	 Heat
Thallium displays the + 1 oxidation state that all the known alkali metals display, and thallium compounds with thallium	thallium	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Like other lanternsharks, the velvet belly is bioluminescent, with light emitting photophores forming a species specific pattern over	over	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Biographers, Mormon and non Mormon, agree that Smith was one of the most influential, charismatic, and	and	CCONJ	innovative	ADJ	 innovative
Red Dead Redemption makes use of a morality system where players have the ability to gain positive or negative honor	honor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Romney supported raising various fees, including those for drivers ' licenses and gun licenses, to raise more than	than	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Olivier played Victor in the West End and then on Broadway; Adrianne Allen was Sybil in London, but	but	CCONJ	could	AUX	 could
It is owned and maintained by Andreas Heldal Lund, who has stated that he supports the rights of all	all	DET	people	NOUN	 people
King Felipe VI of Spain, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Prince Guillaume of Luxembourg, Prince Turki bin	bin	PROPN	Faisal	PROPN	 Faisal
While Hurricane Richard was approaching Belize on October 24, the Government of Honduras discontinued all watches and warning that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The City Hall opened in 1963. In 1995, the building was renamed the Guy C. Larcom, Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	Municipal	PROPN	 Municipal
Frank Fetter was born in Peru, Indiana to a Quaker family during the height of the American Civil War	War	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A very important large output goes to the lateral septal area and to the mammillary body of the hypothalamus.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The journalist and former Australian Test leg spinner Bill O'Reilly criticised Hutton for not moving his leg across to the	the	DET	pitch	NOUN	 pitch
The primary armament of the Kii class was ten 45 caliber 41 centimeter guns in five twin gun turrets,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
It turned out that the county officially owned it but did not maintain it; Scott has since convinced the	the	DET	county	NOUN	 county
At the time of the murder of Pryce, Carty and Brown were 18 and 17 respectively. When both	both	DET	men	NOUN	 men
Sahure is shown celebrating the success of this venture in a relief from his mortuary temple which shows him tending	tending	VERB	a	DET	 a
From 1952 through 1961, Ruffing was a player personnel executive for the Indians. Ruffing returned to the baseball	baseball	NOUN	field	NOUN	 field
The Toledo St. Louis line was sold in December 1885 and reorganized as the Toledo, St. Louis and Kansas	Kansas	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The special focused on an expedition by wildlife author and entertainer Paul Rosolie to locate a green anaconda named "	"	PUNCT	Chumana	PROPN	 Chumana
Changed their lives. Max Elbaum concurs, writing that " The Autobiography of Malcolm X was without question the	the	DET	single	ADJ	 single
It could also be because an athlete is unable to qualify from within their original country. The athlete may	may	AUX	not	PART	 not
During his first season with the club, Mousinho finished as the club's joint top goalscorer with eight goals	goals	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A solar eclipse of June 15, 763 BC mentioned in an Assyrian text is important for the Chronology of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Witch is an antagonist in the unreleased Snow White game for the Atari 2600. In 2001's Walt	Walt	PROPN	Disney	PROPN	 Disney
Filitti the politician returned in 1921 with an extended pro domo covering his wartime stances: Rusia, Austro Ungaria	Ungaria	PROPN	și	PROPN	 și
Confidence that they could dress as they liked, speak as they liked, talk to the Queen as they	they	PRON	liked	VERB	 liked
By evaluating the possible combination of nanotechnologies with landscape ecology, complex habitat landscapes can be generated with details at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The site was quickly popular, receiving an average of 2,000 visitors a day during the Eid holidays, and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
France's Stablinski suggested that the race continue, with a British rider, whose team would wear black armbands	armbands	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Finding this an attractive proposition, in the summer of 1904, at the age of fourteen, Middleton made	made	VERB	the	DET	 the
It migrates through eastern China to winter in the Malay Peninsula, Borneo, the Philippines, Java and Sumatra	Sumatra	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
All four lanes were opened to traffic on July 1, 1952, at which point the highway was designated	designated	VERB	Highway	PROPN	 Highway
Bobst Library also houses the Tamiment Library, one of the finest collections in the world for scholarly research in	in	ADP	labor	NOUN	 labor
" Music critic Robert Christgau wrote that the band was constantly " topping itself, " and implied that each	each	DET	track	NOUN	 track
This we feel we are bound to convey to you directly, to allow you to make fully informed decisions	decisions	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Eight sororities are under the jurisdiction of the Panhellenic Council (PhC), which features seven national sororities (	(	PUNCT	ΔΦΕ	PROPN	ΔΦΕ
The eight premaxillary teeth at the front of the snout were smaller than the rest, closely packed and D	D	PROPN	shaped	VERB	 shaped
So the need for sections in the body of the filter to do this may be dispensed with. Another	Another	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
" Cy Feuer remembered: So finally, after we go through all this, we turn [Fonda]	]	PUNCT	over	ADP	 over
Williamson worked at EC through 1956 until the cancellation of most of the company's line. Williamson's EC	EC	PROPN	art	NOUN	 art
On the January 17, 2008 episode of Impact!, Lethal and MCMG accepted the agreement but only after	after	ADP	including	VERB	 including
At the 1995 Tejano Music Awards, it won Single of the Year. During the decade ballots at the	the	DET	2010	NUM	 2010
This was in addition to the Borg, who were originally developed as an insectoid race for this episode but	but	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
There is no evidence of settlement at Hertford itself from this period, although Ware and perhaps Hertford seem to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
It can be accessed by footpaths at three points, each leading to one or more bird hides. Beach	Beach	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Michael Ordona wrote for the Los Angeles Times that the film is familiar, but is " fleshed out with	with	ADP	atmosphere	NOUN	 atmosphere
At the time, Triakis was classified with the catsharks, hence " false catshark ". The specific name	name	NOUN	microdon	NOUN	 microdon
They are aerobic, free living soil microbes which play an important role in the nitrogen cycle in nature,	,	PUNCT	binding	VERB	 binding
Unlike previous albums, this album does not contain any disses aimed at other rappers or music industry figures.	.	PUNCT	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
The cause was a frozen water injection surge tube. On 19 July 1970, a B 52 G (	(	PUNCT	58	NUM	58
The South Vietnamese police patrol boat than started its engine and raced towards the Card, instead of extracting another	another	DET	bribe	NOUN	 bribe
Subsequently laid up at Mare Island and decommissioned on 8 December, the gunboat remained inactive there through the Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
The government accepted these notes as valid for payment of taxes and tariffs, but unlike ordinary dollars, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The county is divided into 12 townships which provide local services. Much of the land in the county is	is	AUX	given	VERB	 given
Wong Wing Hang was hired to be the director of photography for The Killer but had to leave the set	set	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Later realising that he had provoked the king, Dunstan fled to the apparent sanctuary of his cloister, but	but	CCONJ	Eadwig	PROPN	 Eadwig
Aguilar went on to explain that the 1980s and the 1990s were characterized by a conservative reaction against the ‘	‘	PUNCT	excesses	NOUN	 excesses
Survey items from an interview or questionnaire may be open ended or closed ended. Data from surveys is usually	usually	ADV	analysed	VERB	 analysed
The amino acids in a polypeptide chain are linked by peptide bonds. Once linked in the protein chain,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
It was once thought that this behaviour was shown mainly by male shrikes in the breeding season, but this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The film premiered on May 16, 2002. Critics praised the visual effects, costume design, musical score	score	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He called the episode " claustrophobic, cynical and ultimately painful " and particularly praised the performances of Braugher and	and	CCONJ	Secor	PROPN	 Secor
Both sides engaged in emotional and nationalistic rhetoric. On March 11, a day before Austria was annexed into	into	ADP	Greater	PROPN	 Greater
Albert Wise died suddenly in 1923, leaving his wife a 40 year old widow with four children. Her	Her	PRON	odd	ADJ	 odd
Kartik held his place when Harbhajan returned for the final Test in Mumbai as India fielded three spinners, and	and	CCONJ	took	VERB	 took
The city's television station, KGUL, moved to Houston in 1959; the telephone company headquarters and many	many	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
The tiger motif was used in the " Seringapatam medal " which was awarded to those who participated in the	the	DET	1799	NUM	 1799
The mission was led by a military commander named Mallet, who was ordered to the west coast and pursue	pursue	VERB	the	DET	 the
Determining the execution date relies on stylistic analysis, and the degree of van der Weyden's influence. The	The	DET	dating	NOUN	 dating
After the execution Rodríguez took several of Guevara's personal items — including a Rolex GMT Master wristwatch that he	he	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
In late September, the British submarine flotilla in the Baltic began a submarine offensive against German ships, intending	intending	VERB	to	PART	 to
Most scientific interest in supernovae — as standard candles for measuring distance, for example — require an observation of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The book displayed a frontispiece depicting an old woman telling tales to a group of three children beneath a placard	placard	NOUN	inscribed	VERB	 inscribed
To enhance the realistic feel of the game, the development team attended a live fire exercise at Marine Corps	Corps	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
The album was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 2001 Grammy Awards, but lost out to Foo Fighters	Fighters	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Hopes for an Anglo Rhodesian rapprochement were boosted two months later when the Conservatives won a surprise election victory in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On August 17, the bridge was not complete, but usable, that when the Farmer's Picnic (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
With 9.2 km (5.7 mi) remaining, however, Tony Martin (Etixx – Quick Step) attacked	attacked	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Each nation has an academy, or Peristylium, to research and protect the country's respective crystal. The	The	DET	crystals	NOUN	 crystals
Later historians and ethnologists have refuted this concept of authority, as the Lakota society was highly decentralized. Lakota	Lakota	PROPN	bands	NOUN	 bands
" Metamorphosis, Part One: Does a Dog Have a Buddha Nature? " Anarky 1 (May 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The successful introduction of the Chicken Whopper was one of the few noted positive highlights of the company during negotiations	negotiations	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
King Gustav Vasa had all the charitable institutions in the city merged into a single one housed in the former	former	ADJ	Greyfriars	PROPN	 Greyfriars
On 17 July, the East Asia Squadron arrived in Ponape in the Caroline Islands. Here, von Spee	Spee	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
N. ceranae has been detected in honey bees from several states using PCR of the 16S gene. In New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
He ended the 2011 season with a 9 – 14 record and a 3.47 ERA. After the 2011 season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Pacific design was chosen in preference to several others proposed by Bulleid. The first members of the class	class	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Juana Creitoff died a year later. Bernardina later married a Venezuelan immigrant, Estanislao Asencio Velázquez, continuing Cofresí	Cofresí	PROPN	's	PART	's
Drinking water use has decreased by 25% between 1996 and 2001. Tariff increases and the inclusion of low	low	ADJ	income	NOUN	 income
The third American leg concluded in Uniondale, New York with a sellout crowd of 13,195 at Nassau Veterans Memorial	Memorial	PROPN	Coliseum	PROPN	 Coliseum
It is classed as being of least concern by the IUCN, due to its wide distribution and presumed large	large	ADJ	population	NOUN	 population
This myth was twisted by the Glabados Church, as explained in the game's backstory, by including St.	St.	PROPN	Ajora	PROPN	 Ajora
This density would imply that it is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10 – 15%.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Australian Board of Control made the surprising move of appointing the young and inexperienced Richie Benaud as Morris '	'	PART	vice	NOUN	 vice
Invited by Strang to join him in Voree, Bennett was instrumental in establishing a so called " Halcyon Order	Order	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Though van Leijen won stage 2, Van Avermaet took the race lead because of his higher finish on stage	stage	NOUN	1	NUM	 1
" The Birmingham enthusiasts, including Boulton, Whitehurst, Keir, Darwin, Watt (after his move to	to	ADP	Birmingham	PROPN	 Birmingham
PHP is a general purpose scripting language that is especially suited to server side web development, in which case	case	NOUN	PHP	PROPN	 PHP
More than 90% of the world population of Murphy's petrel nests on Ducie, while pairs of red	red	ADJ	tailed	VERB	 tailed
He received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in Afghanistan in	in	ADP	2008	NUM	 2008
The Whitetip Reef Shark is distributed widely across the entire Indo Pacific region. It was once thought to have	have	AUX	formerly	ADV	 formerly
U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance obtained an arrest warrant and transmitted it to Interpol. Van der Sloot was indicted	indicted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Benson analysed Fleming's writing style and identified what he described as the " Fleming Sweep ": a stylistic	stylistic	ADJ	point	NOUN	 point
On India's independence on 15 August 1947, the three member Governor's executive council was abolished. The	The	DET	origins	NOUN	 origins
Eventually, police agreed to a deal with the counsel, in which Sumaji's pre trial release was guaranteed	guaranteed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Winter Olympic Games medallists from the state include twelve of the twenty members of the gold medal 1980 ice hockey	hockey	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
She was assigned to the I Squadron as the second command flagship for the annual autumn maneuvers. These exercises	exercises	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The latter guns had a maximum elevation of + 20 degrees and the former could elevate to + 25 degrees	degrees	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
In 1892, Baeyertz returned to the United Kingdom, preaching and conducting missions in Ireland, Scotland, and	and	CCONJ	England	PROPN	 England
They were formed on 9 January 1908, with some sources suggesting that they may have been the first Sydney	Sydney	PROPN	rugby	PROPN	 rugby
Captain Francis Laforey on Carysfort immediately attacked the larger ship and in an engagement lasting an hour and fifteen minutes	minutes	NOUN	successfully	ADV	 successfully
Politicians running for office often visit the North Shore Towers during their campaigns in an attempt to win the Jewish	Jewish	ADJ	vote	NOUN	 vote
The race was sponsored by Aberdeen Asset Management for the third consecutive year. The first Women's Boat Race	Race	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
However, contingency plans were put in place to prepare for the crest of the Sabinas River, a tributary	tributary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Teesta, Torsa, Jaldhaka and Mahananda rivers are in the northern hilly region. The western plateau region	region	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
On September 8, 2010, the band debuted " Waiting for the End " and " Blackout " on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
However, in late June he left Iran for treatment in a Paris hospital, where he died on 4	4	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
The season was the last in Vancouver, Canada; subsequent episodes would be shot in Los Angeles, California	California	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition, the yellow tailed black cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus funereus) feeds on the seed. The agile antechinus	antechinus	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In his review for AllMusic, Andrew Leahey wrote that the cover songs are " perfectly pleasant ", but	but	CCONJ	insisted	VERB	 insisted
" With the Browns ' announcement, local support for the Stallions dried up almost overnight. Speros quickly realized	realized	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In the UK, the song peaked at number 2, on the week ending December 24, 2012.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Nancy lives with her lawyer father, Carson Drew, and their housekeeper, Mrs. Hannah Gruen. Some critics	critics	NOUN	prefer	VERB	 prefer
Behind the walls of the sanctum, there is an image of Venugopalaswamy, an incarnation of Vishnu. Around	Around	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Woods took the play to Broadway, he insisted on a new title. He offered Rand a choice	choice	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
" The two factions of sentient machines work together to overthrow humanity in which they use Homer's idea of	of	ADP	Springfield	PROPN	 Springfield
After elaborating on the powers of the head of state, the pamphlet went on to champion Diệm as an	an	DET	anti	ADJ	 anti
In June – July 1943, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Geoffrey Brock, the battalion was deployed to	to	ADP	Merauke	PROPN	 Merauke
Severely wounded and subsequently captured by the Germans, Verity was taken to a field hospital and underwent an operation	operation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lloyd George commented that " the English public, like the French public, thinks the Germans must above all	all	PRON	acknowledge	VERB	 acknowledge
In 2005, the Russian Federation had one of the highest levels of psychiatric beds per capita in Europe at	at	ADP	113.2	NUM	 113.2
U 104 was fitted with six 53.3 cm (21 in) torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow	bow	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Animators also touched up or enhanced by hand, sequences involving the models. Eko's karas form was mainly	mainly	ADV	a	DET	 a
The Force Unleashed begins with the player controlling Darth Vader as he searches Kashyyyk for the Jedi. After defeating	defeating	VERB	the	DET	 the
The ship was named after Rear Admiral Leberecht Maass who commanded German forces in the Battle of Heligoland Bight in	in	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
Marsh finds an undamaged meteorite is shaped like a small stone rocket. It then cracks open, releasing a	a	DET	gas	NOUN	 gas
In 1955 he sold the copyright of his signature to Hulton for £7,250 (a portion of which was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
By severing the duodenal and jejunal nerves in anaesthetized dogs, while leaving the blood vessels intact, then introducing	introducing	VERB	acid	NOUN	 acid
1958) is a New Zealand born and raised make up artist and body painter whose body paintings have been	been	AUX	featured	VERB	 featured
In her book Women and popular music, author Sheila Whiteley said that the chorus of the song places its	its	PRON	emphasis	NOUN	 emphasis
The Winston Salem Journal reported that even though she made many friends on campus, " she never quite lived	lived	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Druckmann soon became a research assistant at Florida State University, while living in Tallahassee, Florida. He spent	spent	VERB	a	DET	 a
Jeff Porcaro, who had been playing drums with Steely Dan since 1973, became a mentor to Lukather and	and	CCONJ	furthered	VERB	 furthered
The drainage basin of Abrahams Creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. Wild trout naturally	naturally	ADV	reproduce	VERB	 reproduce
After the death of the Glabados Church's high priest, Marcel Funebris, Ramza and his party travel to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ronnie Allen, who used to play for Vale, took the penalty. He used to practise them against	against	ADP	me	PRON	 me
The U Boats involved was drawn from the Monsun Gruppe (" Monsoon Group "), and the two	two	NUM	selected	VERB	 selected
Woodland Streamside Garden A boardwalk through a boggy areas including royal ferns, blue and yellow flag iris, and	and	CCONJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
" In 1990 at the 24th Symposium of the International Academy of Astronautics, one of the papers presented included	included	VERB	this	DET	 this
During the repair efforts, Yar has become close to Castillo, but is unnerved by tense interactions with Guinan	Guinan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Eventually, the strain to complete the payment on the franchise to the NHL and to build the arena led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Arias and extracts include work by Verdi (in particular Macbeth, La traviata, Il trovatore and Rigoletto)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The language of authority in Smith's revelations was appealing to converts, and the revelations were given with the	the	DET	confidence	NOUN	 confidence
Following Slammiversary, Anderson formed a tag team with Gunner but tensions already rose between them because of Gunner's	's	PART	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
As the enemy breaches the final defenses, Mototada commits seppuku, detailing in his last statement the importance of	of	ADP	loyalty	NOUN	 loyalty
It is approximately 2.6 miles (4.2 km) long and flows through Conyngham Township. The creek's watershed	watershed	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
Australia surpassed this and were dismissed for 345, with three wickets for Willis and three for Dilley. The	The	DET	England	PROPN	 England
With the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars, Pitt became energetically involved in the protection of the ports along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
Joseph Hooker argued strongly for Darwin, and Thomas Huxley's legendary retort, that he would rather be descended	descended	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Principal photography took place in Vancouver, British Columbia. The neighborhood scenes were shot in a cul de sac	sac	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For humans, Bowlby speculates, the environment of evolutionary adaptedness probably resembles that of present day hunter gatherer societies	societies	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In private talks with US officials, Diệm insisted that the army was responsible for the pagoda attacks and that	that	SCONJ	Tung	PROPN	 Tung
It started covering more celebrity, fashion, and gossip. Min hired Tony Gervino as the publication's editor	editor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Mating often occurs in swarms, generally at landmarks such as hilltops. The season and time of day,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Several months later, the song appeared in the Grey's Anatomy episode " Lay Your Hands On Me "	"	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Some traditions also hold that a vampire can not enter a house unless invited by the owner, although after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Filming took place from February to September 2005 in Palos Verdes, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Dominica,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Danebod Folk School opened December 1, 1888, with Pedersen as president. Other teachers were Carl Hansen and	and	CCONJ	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
When performing " I Love You " at the Ladbroke Grove's Supperclub, a live performance known as "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Golden Sun was re released for the Virtual Console via the Wii U eShop in April 2014. Golden Sun	Sun	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Other writers have cited Slick Rick and Afrika Bambaataa as an important early contributor to the popularity of grills.	.	PUNCT	Grills	NOUN	 Grills
" Practice Date " was the first episode to establish the personality of Jerry as the co worker everyone else	else	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Despite this, she lets Whitney off, telling her she is a natural, and works well at the	the	DET	till	NOUN	 till
It maintains that God hates homosexuals above all other kinds of " sinners " and that homosexuality should be a	a	DET	capital	NOUN	 capital
With 346,000 in first week sales, the album debuted atop the US Billboard 200. It remained on the	the	DET	chart	NOUN	 chart
The Nez Perce also were involved in trade with the Flathead tribe to the north and other middle Columbia River	River	PROPN	tribes	NOUN	 tribes
The Mexican Secretary of War, José María Tornel, wrote: " The superiority of the Mexican soldier over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Watersmeet is home to the northern section of the Lac Vieux Desert Indian Reservation. Continuing north across the Gogebic	Gogebic	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Pierce Brosnan as James Bond (007): An MI6 officer assigned to stop the Janus crime syndicate from acquiring	acquiring	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Victor's men boarded Ceylon and Gordon and his officers, including Abercromby, were taken to Vénus as prisoners	prisoners	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Both retained their positions. During the first round of pitstops the McLarens swapped places with David Coulthard leading Mika	Mika	PROPN	Häkkinen	PROPN	 Häkkinen
And we had a lot of scenes that were almost orgies of vomit... We didn't back off anything	anything	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Dangić was accompanied by Major Boško Todorović who had been appointed by Mihailović as his commander for east Bosnia and	and	CCONJ	Herzegovina	PROPN	 Herzegovina
There he produced his fifth album Out From Out Where released that same year. This was his first album	album	NOUN	created	VERB	 created
That is, the following diagram commutes (the horizontal maps are the usual ones): <formula> The	The	DET	Mayer	PROPN	 Mayer
The use of antiviral treatments, such as acyclovir, given from the 36th week of pregnancy, limits HSV	HSV	PROPN	recurrence	NOUN	 recurrence
The U class represented one of the less glamorous classes of passenger locomotive due to the fact that they were	were	AUX	used	VERB	 used
" A number of lessons had been learned from the 1856 disaster that allowed the Church to continue the handcart	handcart	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Nearly every suitable surface has been carved, including the stone walls of some houses and a few of the	the	DET	famous	ADJ	 famous
While recording for her thirteenth studio album, Madonna enlisted several collaborators; MoZella, Symbolyc One and Toby Gad	Gad	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
At a time when many farmers earned less than $250 per year, the move cost the UFA dearly	dearly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Reports of animals surviving in Sarawak are unconfirmed. This subspecies is named after Tom Harrisson, who worked extensively	extensively	ADV	with	ADP	 with
" Nevertheless, Smith returned a report to the Secretary of the Treasury asking for $500,000 to do the	the	DET	job	NOUN	 job
With the tide running against them, the opponents of abolition delayed the vote by proposing that the House of	of	ADP	Commons	PROPN	 Commons
As of 2013, The Wall Live is the highest grossing tour of all time by a solo artist.	.	PUNCT	Waters	NOUN	 Waters
In 1894, the ARF took part in the Sasun Resistance, supplying arms to the local population to help	help	VERB	the	DET	 the
At the mouth of Saleh Bay is a 30,000 hectare islet called Moyo (Indonesian: Pulau Moyo) which	which	PRON	has	VERB	 has
The group is very diverse. The majority of species are terrestrial, including a number of important agricultural pests	pests	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Overall, damage in Hainan reached 170 million Renminbi ($45.1 million USD). Three rescue teams were	were	AUX	deployed	VERB	 deployed
At least 85 people were killed in the period of 30 June to 2 July, which is now known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Jennings focused on the slavery issue and tied Randolph to Harrison's continued attempts to legalize the institution. The	The	DET	congressional	ADJ	 congressional
The board's efforts failed to meet the government's expectations; in December 1917, Woodrow Wilson, the	the	DET	President	PROPN	 President
Local nobles turned to Charles for protection in 1600 when the conflict spread to Livonia, where Sigismund had tried	tried	VERB	to	PART	 to
On October 5, 610, Heraclius was crowned for a second time, this time in the Chapel of	of	ADP	St.	PROPN	 St.
Each building measures 50 feet (15 m) by 200 feet (61 m). The SP &	&	CCONJ	S	PROPN	 S
The President of Lithuania was officially given a standard by the Seimas in 1993. The standard is the State	State	PROPN	Emblem	PROPN	 Emblem
The accuracy and stability of its stereo imaging and its clean midrange reproduction are also appreciated qualities. J. Gordon	Gordon	PROPN	Holt	PROPN	 Holt
Honda Yoitsu, said to be the only Japanese Methodist Episcopal bishop, was among those on the liner when	when	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Fourteen men have won league awards in recognition for their performance while with the Sounds. Three players have won	won	VERB	league	NOUN	 league
Of the 140 insect and invertebrate species, which include mayflies, stoneflies and caddisflies, there are also three	three	NUM	major	ADJ	 major
Unable to convince boys to participate, she acted the male roles and sang their songs. By age nine	nine	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Bobba Fatt of GamePro labeled Silent Hill a " shameless but slick Resident Evil clone ". Others felt that	that	SCONJ	Silent	PROPN	 Silent
Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club commended Rihanna for elevating the album's generic sound, writing that she "	"	PUNCT	does	AUX	 does
He was an important link between the ideas of Shaftesbury and the later school of Scottish Common Sense Realism.	.	PUNCT	Colin	PROPN	 Colin
As Paul remembers, " The night Linda and I met, I spotted her across a crowded club,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" One writer, the historian Peter Lord, has suggested that it was initially used as an altar.	.	PUNCT	Accepting	VERB	 Accepting
Nelson appeals to West, reminding him that they were friends, and West decides to pull Nelson to safety	safety	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1876, chemist Eli Lilly, a Union colonel during the Civil War, founded Eli Lilly and Company	Company	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Blaine was not only the president's closest advisor, he was obsessed with knowing all that took place in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The range of expressive possibilities in Indian film music was broadened by Ilaiyaraaja's methodical approach to arranging, recording	recording	VERB	technique	NOUN	 technique
Between the first performance of Façade in 1923, for example, and that of the Sinfonia Concertante in 1928	1928	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He probably performed some of the duties that later were done by the chancellor, but the first chancellor in	in	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The Australians suffered 14 killed and 23 wounded. Abandoned equipment included 19 machine guns, 150 rifles, 6	6	NUM	grenade	NOUN	 grenade
The manuscript stated that: The shells are made of cast iron, as large as a bowl and shaped	shaped	VERB	like	ADP	 like
The songs on Here Come the Warm Jets reference various musical styles from the past and present. The overall	overall	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
Indonesian literary scholar Muhammad Balfas notes that the work also has many allusions to religious texts, both Islamic and	and	CCONJ	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
Earth's 1,335,000,000 cubic kilometers (320,000,000 cu mi) of sea contain about 97.2 percent of its known water	water	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hurricane Jeanne steadily intensified as it turned eastward, developing a 52 mi (83 km) wide eye.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In an attempt to get Naz and Sol to reconcile again, Stevie pretends to swallow the key to the	the	DET	flat	NOUN	 flat
The broad outlines of the story — that 75 million years ago a great catastrophe happened in this sector of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Military Affairs: The Journal of Military History, Including Theory and Technology 37 (1): 1 – 5	5	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
One day he is framed by police officer Frank Severance (Segal) for the murder of a highway patrolman	patrolman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The new headquarters building was on an awkwardly shaped site, partly over the platforms and tracks of St. James	James	PROPN	's	PART	's
Initially, Corzine opposed privatization of the New Jersey Turnpike. On January 8, 2008, to address ongoing	ongoing	ADJ	structural	ADJ	 structural
On May 4, 2009, a week before the season one finale, Fox renewed Fringe for a second	second	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Their tails are stiffened by a notochord, but does not contain any bony or cartilaginous elements except for a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Southwest Airlines has also expressed desire to expand at the airport, and international service to Europe or Asia is	is	AUX	quickly	ADV	 quickly
The conclusion of the war led to the reformation of civilian teams; the IRFU resumed play in 1945,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The games feature an improved visual style from other Pokémon games, with an increased use of 3D computer graphics	graphics	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
The port of Rijeka is the largest port in Croatia, handling the largest portion of the country's imports	imports	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Nearly 29,000 Australians were taken prisoner by the Axis during the war, the bulk of them members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It finished the week of February 10 – 16, 1992 ranked 29th, up from the season's average	average	ADJ	rank	NOUN	 rank
Strang was accordingly crowned in 1850 by his counselor and Prime Minister, an actor named George J. Adams.	.	PUNCT	About	ADV	 About
West mixed the track seventy five times, as he could not seem to get the kick drum to sound	sound	VERB	precisely	ADV	 precisely
A poll of Michigan alumni and friends in 1979 selected Oosterbaan as Michigan's greatest all time football player.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" After his mother's death, Tolkien grew up in the Edgbaston area of Birmingham and attended King Edward	Edward	PROPN	's	PART	's
A frenemy, according to Sagers, is a friend or rival " with whom [the protagonist] feuds	feuds	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Including her armament, her cost is variously quoted at £1,579,970 or £1,754,615. She was commissioned on	on	ADP	3	NUM	 3
It was donated with the request that the British Museum library (now the British Library) would create a	a	DET	philatelic	ADJ	 philatelic
HitFix writer Alan Sepinwall said " Harvest Festival " may be his favorite episode of the season thus far,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
One of the major complaints regarding KERA was the inability to compare the scores to those from other states to	to	PART	determine	VERB	 determine
" Game Informer's Joe Juba found the game's environments to be weak, as " most of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
This was granted, and Henry's son Edward VI followed up with a grant of letters patent to Henry	Henry	PROPN	Smyth	PROPN	 Smyth
After William of Montferrat died in June 1177, the king made Raynald regent. Baldwin IV's cousin,	,	PUNCT	Philip	PROPN	 Philip
For a second consecutive year, fans voted him the Delivery Man of the Year. With his contract set	set	VERB	to	PART	 to
The team originally thought the phone call from South Park Digital Studios was a prank carried out by another company	company	NOUN	located	VERB	 located
Of the casualties whose residence was recorded, sixty one per cent lived within a three mile radius of the	the	DET	centre	NOUN	 centre
When Anna confronts him about his actions, other angels appear and capture her. With Sam closing in on	on	ADP	Lilith	PROPN	 Lilith
The captain ordered the ship to drop anchor 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km) off the coast in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Kreutzer noted that the introductory adagio of the symphony was headed " by Hebrew characters in red ink... This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Anderson has been referred to as the ' Ancient Mariner ' of black aviation, having flown long before many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
In July 2012, Rowling was featured at the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in London where she read a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Waking up at 4, traveling from Kandivili to Churchgate. We would retire around 11 in the night.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In 1900 Eddy advised adherents to obey the law, " and then appeal to the gospel to save...	...	PUNCT	[	X	 [
In comparing the two films, Variety's Adam Dawtrey wrote, " Hooper's 2009 film The Damned United	United	PROPN	did	AUX	 did
He later categorised mereological as arguments that " draw on … the theory of the whole part relation ".	.	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
The poles of the dipole are located close to Earth's geographic poles. At the equator of the magnetic	magnetic	ADJ	field	NOUN	 field
Philip K. Dick's sales to magazines had dropped, but his work began to appear in Amazing, and	and	CCONJ	Goldsmith	PROPN	 Goldsmith
It also began working with Cisco to jointly develop the Cisco Data Preparation suite of software and services. Paxata	Paxata	PROPN	refers	VERB	 refers
" On 23 September 2014, Alberts management confirmed that founding member Malcolm Young had officially departed from the band	band	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The tour undertaken by the Philadelphian cricketers was very ambitious. Though the results might have been less satisfactory than	than	SCONJ	hoped	VERB	 hoped
Near the severed heads lay a message that read, " La Familia doesn't kill for money, does	does	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The JTWC again issued advisories on the next day, only to discontinue them on March 20. Meanwhile,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
I 131 has a half life of 8 days and at higher doses is an effective therapy as targeted radiation	radiation	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Other Mini Coopers were modified to allow for camera placement on and inside the vehicles. The director remarked that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
ICD 10 states in relation to the inhibited form only that the syndrome probably occurs as a direct result of	of	ADP	severe	ADJ	 severe
The Lucca Madonna is thought to be a portrait of the artist's much younger wife, Margaret. The	The	DET	work	NOUN	 work
He recorded hits in eight of the final nine regular season games. Freese credited his improvement in power hitting	hitting	VERB	to	ADP	 to
This is 12% of the county's total, on 6% of its area. The watershed's	's	PART	population	NOUN	 population
After returning to port, Jellicoe issued an order that prohibited risking the fleet in the southern half of the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
On the March 15 episode of SmackDown, Henry was defeated by Ryback via disqualification, following interference from The	The	DET	Shield	PROPN	 Shield
In a 13 November 2007 interview with Canadian journalist Benjamin Fulford, Rockefeller countered: I don't think that	that	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Sigurd asks for her name, and the woman gives Sigurd a horn of mead to help him retain her	her	PRON	words	NOUN	 words
The Parks and Recreation staff tried to keep the wedding secret to surprise viewers, but NBC accidentally ran a	a	DET	commercial	ADJ	 commercial
With the exception of the Amorium campaign, most of the military expeditions of al Mu'tasim's reign were domestic	domestic	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Gillet transferred the species to Psathyrella in 1936. In 1938 Jakob Emanuel Lange published the new combination Coprinellus impatiens	impatiens	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Minnesota Orchestra dates back to 1903 when it was founded as the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra. It was renamed	renamed	VERB	the	DET	 the
" In 2010, Starr said that he had now found religion, adding, " For me, God	God	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
In Little, Brown Young Readers ' final novel, written by Cherie Bennett and Jeff Gottesfeld, Sparks featured	featured	VERB	Clark	PROPN	 Clark
La Guardia's warning and the claims made by the captured spies received considerable media coverage. Despite this,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
[A]: The Winchester (or Parker) Chronicle is the oldest manuscript of the Chronicle that survives	survives	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The basic shape of the Predator mask was kept, although technical details were added and each Predator was given	given	VERB	a	DET	 a
The team also found augmentations and skills to be less interesting than they had seemed in the design document.	.	PUNCT	Colleagues	NOUN	 Colleagues
MTV Overdrive streamed a tour diary featuring the band's experiences with footage recorded at various concerts. MTV2 filmed	filmed	VERB	a	DET	 a
He removes the skin on his own face, using a ritual to make him appear younger. Cox is	is	AUX	never	ADV	 never
Upon the release of Unapologetic, the song charted in Canada, France, Ireland, Switzerland and the United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
The game has no specific objectives, other than to attempt to land on the various planets and moons of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later in the evening of the first day of the battle, the hard pressed battlecruisers of the I Scouting	Scouting	PROPN	Group	PROPN	 Group
During the comparatively mild winter of 1778 – 79, Washington and Congress discussed options for the 1779 campaign season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The roof of the keep had by now collapsed, as probably had the floors of the great hall and	and	CCONJ	chamber	PROPN	 chamber
However, on the map of Korea the name East Sea appears as the primary label and Sea of Japan	Japan	PROPN	appears	VERB	 appears
Glaciers are also expected to recede due to a decreased buildup of snowpack and higher overall temperatures. Image Lake	Lake	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
Some of the celebrities help the medium and the boys try to convince Jackson that he is dead, but	but	CCONJ	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
From his flagship, the USS Belleau Wood (LHA 3), he led 4,000 Marines and Sailors into	into	ADP	Pearl	PROPN	 Pearl
In Greece, the First Peloponnesian War between the power blocs of Athens and Sparta, which had continued on	on	ADP	off	ADV	 off
Animals such as boars, badgers, foxes, rabbits and squirrels live in nearby forest areas such as Făget	Făget	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Villars, deceived and outmanoeuvred, was helpless to intervene, compelling the fortress's unconditional surrender on 12 September	September	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Having believed he had secured this permission, he made his first appearance against Natal, scoring 14 runs in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Despite the lack of impact, the storm's remnants were caught in an upper level jet stream, and	and	CCONJ	steered	VERB	 steered
At the last minute, however, they relented, and allowed the episode to be aired later on in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This is far less than the 2.7 K temperature of the cosmic microwave background radiation. Stellar mass or larger	larger	ADJ	black	ADJ	 black
In the spring of 2002, Green Day co headlined the Pop Disaster Tour with Blink 182, which was	was	AUX	documented	VERB	 documented
" While there was a massive fireball and a decent amount of zombie action, " explained Wigler, "	"	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Macbeth " moves upon the verge of an abyss, and is a constant struggle between life and death.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
There was the Gniezno area tribe, whose settlements were concentrated around the regional cult center — the Lech Hill	Hill	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Coupled with an aging supporting cast (Bowen, Michael Finley and Kurt Thomas were all in their late 30s	30s	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
According to the proposal, trains would have operated along the Dovre Line from Melhus Station and then run to	to	ADP	Lerkendal	PROPN	 Lerkendal
In the United Kingdom, " Party in the U.S.A. " entered and peaked at number 11. The song	song	NOUN	tied	VERB	 tied
Biden was also hurt by his never having been a player in the Washington social scene. By August 1987	1987	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The War Department purchased 7,500 acre (3,000 ha) of farmland east of Youngstown, New York, in	in	ADP	1941	NUM	 1941
Although Bergkamp was ruled out for the remainder of the season having sustained an injury against Derby, Arsenal eased	eased	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Cartman is angered by his lack of popularity and the attention Mysterion is receiving. Coon decides to rid	rid	VERB	the	DET	 the
While the official minority report found the evidence inconclusive, Foraker and Connecticut Senator Morgan Bulkeley signed a separate report	report	NOUN	stating	VERB	 stating
At the first annual meeting of the School a prominent medical doctor criticised the organisation for thinking that spinsters could	could	AUX	teach	VERB	 teach
In his book Project Alberta, Harlow Russ, a civilian scientist with Project Alberta who was part of the	the	DET	Fat	PROPN	 Fat
Thus choked, the serpents, headed by Vasuki came out, worshipped Uttanka and surrendered the earrings and asked	asked	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It would not be contended that it extends so far as to authorize what the constitution forbids, or a	a	DET	change	NOUN	 change
The newer EB 66E was tasked with jamming surface to air missile (SAM) radar guidance systems so their	their	PRON	missiles	NOUN	 missiles
Rabin notes it was " an innocent sounding term that heralded one of the worst periods in American Israeli relations	relations	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The bikers stayed to shoot the scene. Van Peebles had received a permit to set a car on fire	fire	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Williams used a Triton Extreme, Triton Pro and Pro Tools in the production of the album, while Hugo	Hugo	PROPN	worked	VERB	 worked
Following the release of Straight Outta Lynwood, Yankovic undertook the two year long Straight Outta Lynwood Tour. Starting	Starting	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After 25 years of marriage and nine children, the Granges separated acrimoniously. When Lady Grange produced letters that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
The Warwickshire spinner noticed this, and delivered a topspinner that dipped more than usual, and the batsman mistimed	mistimed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
There are windows in the north and south faces of the top stage, and on the north side is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
Although he did not win the competition, he received a contract to record with Syco Music, a label	label	NOUN	owned	VERB	 owned
In the Middle East, both Iran and Saudi Arabia expressed interest in the TAM. The Iranian deal fell	fell	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Some writers noted and praised the heavy use of electronic, bass and funk beats, while others suggest The	The	DET	Neptunes	PROPN	 Neptunes
Thunderbirds, Lady Penelope and Captain Scarlet and Thunderbirds annuals were published in the late 1960s; during the same	same	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
A joint British and American operation to tap into landline communication of the Soviet Army headquarters in Berlin using a	a	DET	tunnel	NOUN	 tunnel
It was purchased by Blount in June 1963. The SSHS also said that a catalog, believed to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
" Another, Dr. H.D. McCulloch, had been excommunicated for drunkenness and other alleged misdeeds, after previously enjoying	enjoying	VERB	Strang	PROPN	 Strang
Washington and Paolo curated a Saks Fifth Avenue installation of Pope fashions in October 2013. That season, Pope	Pope	PROPN	's	PART	's
John Latham wrote about the bird found in Calcutta based on descriptions in Ives's Voyage to India published in	in	ADP	1773	NUM	 1773
By 1845, Winnington, Acton and Hunts locks had been improved. Trade was good, with tolls generating	generating	VERB	£	SYM	 £
Most students take mainstream national examinations, such as the PSLE and O Levels, with results comparable to students	students	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The route began at a turnaround next to the Old Point Loma Lighthouse in the Cabrillo National Monument, near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
Initially, the very existence of the SPARTAN project and thus John's existence, was categorised as classified information	information	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hamad maintained a close relationship with the British but there was dissent among his subjects over the increasing British control	control	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Having stopped and lowered all her boats, Hogue was struck by two torpedoes around 06: 55. The	The	DET	sudden	ADJ	 sudden
One musician commented that if Mona said it was a Sunday when it was Tuesday, one would be forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
Most of these were onomatopoeic colloquial names for the bird; the call was described as " bumping " or	or	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
International Harvester (IH) could produce half tracks but some differences had to be accepted due to different manufacturing	manufacturing	NOUN	methods	NOUN	 methods
Vasari tells us that the ceiling is " unfinished ", that its unveiling occurred before it could be reworked	reworked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) appeared in the episode only because Spotnitz did not want to miss the opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	to	PART	 to
On 10 April Garbage drummer Butch Vig told fans in Los Angeles that " Run Baby Run " would be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
Other G30S / PKI men go to the palace to secure the president but find that he has already left	left	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
However, when Zeratul visits the remains of the Overmind in his investigations into the Koprulu Sector's future,	,	PUNCT	Tassadar	NOUN	 Tassadar
He won 27 caps for Wales, 18 as captain, and critics consider him the first superstar of Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	rugby	NOUN	 rugby
She was charged with several offenses in July, replaced by 22 charges in March 2011, including violations of	of	ADP	Articles	PROPN	 Articles
This use ceased in 1814 and the castle began gradually to assume a different role as a national monument.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Blitz had a crew of 7 officers and 127 enlisted men. As built, the ship was armed with	with	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Sagan, however, was unable to chase Thomas, who built a gap ahead of the other two.	.	PUNCT	Štybar	PROPN	 Štybar
The same morning, Ian Stewart, Minister of State for the Armed Forces, told BBC Radio 4 that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
After he was married in December 1933, Cooper remained faithful to his wife until the summer of 1942,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Despite their increasingly differing political views and opinions however, Ernest accepted his second eldest nephew Prince Alfred, Duke	Duke	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The product provides up to date information about new products, daily news and lottery results through an easy to	to	PART	navigate	VERB	 navigate
Skate fired a spread of four torpedoes at Yamato; one struck the battleship's starboard side toward the stern	stern	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 10 August, the ships at Port Arthur attempted a breakout to Vladivostok, but were turned back in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is also the deadliest known lahar, and Colombia's worst natural disaster. The loss of life during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lowest pressure on the island was 958.5 mbar (28.30 inHg). Along the coast, the typhoon	typhoon	NOUN	produced	VERB	 produced
" However, in 1881, they moved into the newly built Athletic Grounds in Taunton. Although it is	is	AUX	widely	ADV	 widely
Over time, the Replicants had begun to form their own identities; while the Gestalts, or Shades,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
This further encouraged the committee, after the invasion of Hungary, to try negotiating with the SS. The	The	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
He has also lectured as a guest speaker, including at the University of Oxford. As of 2010,	,	PUNCT	Barrons	NOUN	 Barrons
New churches were built in villages and towns, and older churches were restored or altered. The first new	new	ADJ	country	NOUN	 country
Lyrically, " Thunder " is a ballad about finding the " strength of rising after the fall " and	and	CCONJ	follows	VERB	 follows
Global warming of around 4.6° C relative to pre industrial levels could pose a large risk to global and	and	CCONJ	regional	ADJ	 regional
Brown also wanted the game's visuals to scroll seamlessly as the character moved through the game world, but	but	CCONJ	flick	NOUN	 flick
Johnson finished the season leading the league in receptions (122) and receiving yards (1,964). Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The cabin area road needed $72,120 in repairs, the park was not fully restored until Memorial Day.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
The operation saved his life, but four months later he developed a small bowel obstruction due to adhesions that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
A pH of about 6 is ideal for blackcurrants and the ground can be limed if the soil is too	too	ADV	acidic	ADJ	 acidic
" She was intrigued by the title because " it immediately defined two people and their relationship to each other	other	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Some species of birds that are neighbors are designated as ' dear enemies ' by the wrens, and the	the	DET	responses	NOUN	 responses
In 1986, after Sierra lost a Disney license, Al Lowe suggested that Sierra remake Softporn Adventure with the	the	DET	improved	VERB	 improved
C. mutica can only be reliably differentiated by their setose first and second pereonites (smooth in C. acanthogaster)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Spears's sixth studio album, Circus (2008), included the international chart topping single " Womanizer "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Drinking enough to cause a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) of 0.03 – 0.12% typically causes an overall	overall	ADJ	improvement	NOUN	 improvement
This knife featured polished hardware, hand checkered micarta scales, and an engraved blade reading: " We shall	shall	AUX	strike	VERB	 strike
Extremely minor chemical changes such as the addition of a single methyl group to a binding partner can sometimes suffice	suffice	VERB	to	PART	 to
It adopted the Aalborg Charter, which provides a framework for the delivery of local sustainable development and calls on	on	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
The ratio of its length to breadth is 1.5. In its centre is a five petal stylised rendering of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
He also advised foreign minister Adam Malik. After returning to Indonesia in 1971, Soedjatmoko held a position in	in	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Inspired by his actions, plus replenished with water by a sudden thunderstorm, the American troops " came to	to	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
Gyllenhaal was almost cast as Spider Man for Spider Man 2 due to director Sam Raimi's concerns about original	original	ADJ	Spider	PROPN	 Spider
The Cazique became " a great adornment for the dinner tables and ballrooms of sophisticated London ", Sinclair writes	writes	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
The Chief Factor found the Provisional Government a satisfactory way to pursue the debts owed to the HBC by settlers	settlers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the nineteenth century it was the women of the family who were the chief performers and men were not	not	PART	expected	VERB	 expected
Iesous; Hebrew: ישוע, translit. Yēšū ́ aʿ, lit. ' Yeshua; " He saves	saves	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
One of these was the recently promoted Colonel Merritt Edson who was placed in command of the 5th Marine Regiment	Regiment	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2010, Booker delivered the commencement addresses at Pitzer College in Claremont, California, on May 15,	,	PUNCT	Columbia	PROPN	 Columbia
They will adapt quickly to almost any environment, family, and location and suit city and country life.	.	PUNCT	Their	PRON	 Their
According to the Annals of Ulster, 1000 of Edward's army, and 4000 of Óengus ' army –	–	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Around 1865 John Newlands produced a series of papers where he listed the elements in order of increasing atomic weight	weight	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Keynes's analysis on the predicted damaging effects of the treaty appeared in the highly influential book, The Economic	Economic	PROPN	Consequences	PROPN	 Consequences
Paavo Nurmi Marathon, held annually since 1969, is the oldest marathon in Wisconsin and the second oldest in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
His anticipation for the part was heightened because filming was not scheduled to begin until September 2006. Nesbitt spent	spent	VERB	an	DET	 an
Rick Dempsey, the unit's senior executive, regarded the process of translating the film as " exceptionally challenging	challenging	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The substance is used in cryogenics, in deep sea breathing systems, to cool superconducting magnets, in helium	helium	NOUN	dating	VERB	 dating
Hill lost the advantage for a moment, with teammate Coulthard drawing alongside, but unable to get past with	with	ADP	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
Despite the small team size and relatively low usage of OpenBSD, the project maintains portable versions of many parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Patti was greatly taken by the young pianist and prophesied a glorious career for him. The following year he	he	PRON	met	VERB	 met
It has a " sassy brass and lifting melody ", accompanied by electric guitars to create an " atmospheric	atmospheric	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
So that disabled vehicles could be safely removed from the roadway, about 50 " safety bays " were constructed	constructed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
DJ, Karan, Aslam, Sukhi, and Laxman decide that they must emulate the early freedom fighters and	and	CCONJ	resort	VERB	 resort
Meanwhile, House uses a dead patient's name to obtain Oxycodone pills as a Vicodin replacement drug. When	When	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
He also expanded his restaurant empire in other areas during 2008, with Murano (alongside Angela Hartnett),	,	PUNCT	York	PROPN	 York
From the mid 15th century to the mid 18th century, according to historian Burton Stein, rulers of states	states	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" A modern critic, indeed, indicates that Balzac is one of Rodin's masterpieces. The monument had	had	VERB	its	PRON	 its
No chemical analysis was possible at the time, but helium was later found to be a noble gas.	.	PUNCT	Before	ADP	 Before
Stockport Metropolitan Borough straddles the Cheshire Plain and the Pennines, and Cheadle Hulme is in the west of the	the	DET	borough	NOUN	 borough
Ice was a special musical guest at the 2010 National Television Awards in January, performing with Jedward for their	their	PRON	remix	NOUN	 remix
At first, due to the extraordinary speed of Napoleon's operations, the 1st heavy cavalry division and one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The school also participates in Upward Bound with the University of Minnesota, Advancement Via Individual Determination Program (AVID	AVID	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
One visitor wrote that " a den of wild beasts can not be compared with its hideousness ". The	The	DET	noise	NOUN	 noise
When the amount of copper in the liver overwhelms the proteins that normally bind it, it causes oxidative damage	damage	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Prior to this, Toronto had drafted Ed Davis, also a left handed power forward like Bosh. After	After	SCONJ	Bosh	PROPN	 Bosh
The Halls of Fame and PFA Players of the Year are noted below. As of 2014, Aston Villa	Villa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" He consistently favored repeal of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, including Title VII regarded employment discrimination and called	called	VERB	for	ADP	 for
On October 1, the band held a contest, to tie in with the release of the album,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
All non advertising content can be displayed on a per story basis in a separate PDF display page and saved	saved	VERB	for	ADP	 for
[...] It was a welcome return to form chockablock with quotable lines and laugh out loud moments.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Senate President David Williams called Beshear's interference in the matter " unfortunate ". In September 2008,	,	PUNCT	Beshear	PROPN	 Beshear
" Ramsey listened, then agreed with him. " Yes, I had reached that conclusion myself. "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
" This is a reference to a line in the 1991 film JFK. The scene of Homer and Apu	Apu	PROPN	riding	NOUN	 riding
The book was the first literary work to deal with the Soviet authorities ' abuse of psychiatry. In 1968	1968	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Pre Renaissance keyboard music is found in compiled manuscripts that may include compositions from a variety of regions. The	The	DET	oldest	ADJ	 oldest
Egerton then published Pride and Prejudice, a revision of First Impressions, in January 1813. He advertised the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
On September 17, Hughes made his first start since April 29, giving up one earned run over four	four	NUM	innings	NOUN	 innings
Lord did not act on the report, but Stone was perturbed: " A ship is not going to	to	PART	fire	VERB	 fire
Milenko was released in four colors: red, green, purple, and gold. Each color had a	a	DET	different	ADJ	 different
Geddes also designed an Airliner # 4 that was to fly from Chicago to London. Another key influence was	was	AUX	Hugh	PROPN	 Hugh
He therefore looked for a deputy to take on these duties. His first choice was Richard Smith who was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
He left Manila on January 13, 1831, taking his captives with him. When Antarctic reached Cádiz five	five	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Rhino was knocked out on the June 19 episode of Impact!, while on the June 26 episode of	of	ADP	Impact	PROPN	 Impact
Reportedly, unscrupulous merchants wrap, paint, or remove the stalks altogether. Due to the popularity of Kan	Kan	PROPN	Yao	PROPN	 Yao
Only two months after the storm struck, however, Cyclone Japhet left damage and deaths in many of the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Nikephoros's efforts would end tragically in the disastrous Battle of Pliska in 811, but following Harun's death	death	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
She is re discovered in Act 2, having fallen into decline. Though obviously under the influence of the	the	DET	liquor	NOUN	 liquor
After seeing this news coverage of North Shore Towers ' ability to produce power during the blackout, city tax	tax	NOUN	collectors	NOUN	 collectors
A second brawl, including some players who were ejected as a result of the first, erupted before the	the	DET	start	NOUN	 start
Campbell ordered the bemused Bester to " think back. Clear yourself. Remember! You can remember when your	your	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
Recalling the race in 2008, Mouton said: " It started to rain I remember, and I started	started	VERB	to	PART	 to
According to Khoury, the rebels also possessed twelve light machine guns. Following the destruction of the Arab government	government	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The working age population (females and males between 16 and 64) is lower than England and Wales average	average	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In cases of crimes committed not within any county, the trial may by law be in such county as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Exaggerating the threat to the animal through intense eye contact, loud shouting, and any other action to appear	appear	VERB	larger	ADJ	 larger
The Maya lacked key elements of Old World technology such as a functional wheel, horses, iron, steel	steel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Germany, the regular presentation of Delius's works ceased at the outbreak of the war, and never	never	ADV	resumed	VERB	 resumed
This enabled him, together with Robert Sutton Harrington of the U.S. Naval Observatory, to measure the mass of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the Russian and Western literatures of the 19th century, the image of Queen Tamar reflected the European conceptions	conceptions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lois sees Chris sneaking back into his room and is going to punish him but Chris tells her that Doug	Doug	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
St. Leger sent a detachment of light infantry from Sir John Johnson's Royal Yorkers toward the position that evening	evening	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Experiments were made with trains of four pans, which allowed copper pipes to be carried on top of the	the	DET	coal	NOUN	 coal
Fonda went to Seattle, Washington, in 1970 to support a group of Native Americans who were led by	by	ADP	Bernie	PROPN	 Bernie
The main guns were to be between 13.78 inches (350.0 mm) and 13.8 inches (350.5 mm)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" On January 28, Sánchez launched Voces Cubanas. This citizen journalism project seeks to provide a multimedia platform	platform	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Vietnam's monarchic tradition was built on Confucianism and the emperor's Mandate of Heaven, and Diệm's campaign	campaign	NOUN	claimed	VERB	 claimed
Differential diagnosis of these disorders is an active area of biomedical research. Finally, brain death results in an	an	DET	irreversible	ADJ	 irreversible
It also utilizes symbolic progression, so that no symbols are introduced before the proper time. This is done	done	VERB	to	PART	 to
He described the country to be " the roughest, most hilly and most cut up, " he had	had	AUX	ever	ADV	 ever
Based on research of Victorian morgues, the production team selected red and sepia as the main color scheme.	.	PUNCT	Small	ADJ	 Small
He goes on to describe the building of the canal network between roughly 1760 and 1825, noting that just	just	ADV	one	NUM	 one
Burton led the field at the restart, followed by Biffle, Ambrose, Truex and Kyle Busch. Biffle	Biffle	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
The grouping of tilefish can be as dense as 13,000 burrows per square kilometer off the southern U.S. Atlantic coast	coast	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, there is a difference between an urn and a nightingale in that the nightingale is not an eternal	eternal	ADJ	entity	NOUN	 entity
That trip inspired Cruz to help start a foundation to support homeless girls in India, where she sponsors two	two	NUM	young	ADJ	 young
This force was known as the Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF), and the 6th Division was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
During the meeting, Mohandar deferred to the judgment of Hierarch Artanis. Artanis decided to launch an expedition to	to	PART	rescue	VERB	 rescue
The base would be underwater and Shepard would reach the main level by submarine. Each section of the base	base	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
On 14 August, Deputy Superintendent of Police Steve Brown announced that fourteen statements had been collected and that the	the	DET	investigation	NOUN	 investigation
The third set of reforms was the " Childers Reforms " (again named after the Secretary of State who	who	PRON	carried	VERB	 carried
Living cactus fences are employed as barricades. The woody parts of cacti, such as Cereus repandus and Echinopsis	Echinopsis	NOUN	atacamensis	NOUN	 atacamensis
The number of riders allowed per squad was nine, resulting in a start list total of 198 riders.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Rodin's most original work departed from traditional themes of mythology and allegory, modeled the human body with realism	realism	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He also returned some financial stability to the colony which had struggled during the Great Depression. Hart was knighted	knighted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Morales gathered together a largely inexperienced cabinet made up of indigenous activists and leftist intellectuals, although over the first	first	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
Bryan chose the multiple falls format to prevent Sheamus from scoring another quick victory. Another rivalry heading into Extreme	Extreme	PROPN	Rules	PROPN	 Rules
The Chinese contestants go through a camp. In others, such as the USA, possible participants go through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
The character Ephraim Fabricant was named for real life murderer Valery Fabrikant, a mechanical engineering professor who shot dead	dead	ADJ	four	NUM	 four
After the war, Garfield became a proponent of black suffrage, though he admitted that the idea of African	African	PROPN	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
Zemeckis and Gale said that they had set the story in 1955 because a 17 year old traveling to meet	meet	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The highway connects Port Colborne near Lake Erie with Highway 406 in Welland, via the Main Street Tunnel.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The FRELIMO soldiers often operated in small groups of ten to fifteen soldiers. The scattered nature of FRELIMO's	's	PART	initial	ADJ	 initial
Many of his articles in The Fatherland were hyperbolic, for instance comparing Kaiser Wilhelm II to Jesus Christ;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Such a course would be inflationary, but advocates argued that the economic benefits of the increased money supply would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Tracing can occur at both the common law and equity. It is not a remedy for breach of trust	trust	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Its maximum range was 4,800 yards (4,400 m) although the effective range was under 1,000 yards (910	910	NUM	m	PROPN	 m
He subsequently attended the RAF College of Air Warfare. In January 1963, Evans was transferred to Air Staff	Staff	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
The show starred (in order of episode appearances) Carey, Diedrich Bader, Kathy Kinney, Ryan Stiles	Stiles	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
But the events of the war had strengthened the pro confederate party in the city council, and the Swiss	Swiss	PROPN	recognized	VERB	 recognized
His strong performances led to his inclusion in the Asia Cup squad. He played three matches and did not	not	PART	get	VERB	 get
Unable to break a passage through the ice, they steamed to the Falkland Islands to obtain a more suitable	suitable	ADJ	vessel	NOUN	 vessel
Al Fox for BBC Music described the song as " a gargantuan power ballad " and that it displays Burke	Burke	PROPN	's	PART	's
However, Switzerland does participate in the Schengen Area. A large number of international institutions have their seats in	in	ADP	Switzerland	PROPN	 Switzerland
The Alchemist is currently Eminem's tour DJ. In 2005 Eminem signed another Atlanta rapper, Bobby Creekwater,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As Turkey imported 72 percent of its energy in 2013, the government decided to invest in nuclear power to	to	PART	reduce	VERB	 reduce
" Speed of Sound " was marked as Coldplay's most successful single until " Viva la Vida ",	,	PUNCT	reached	VERB	 reached
The majority of wine produced in the Languedoc are labeled vin ordinaire. There is also sizable production of Vins	Vins	PROPN	Doux	PROPN	 Doux
Bale did insist on doing shots on the Batpod himself, but was prohibited by the team fearing his safety	safety	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1946, Magnusson established the use of stem cells from bone marrow with the first surgical debridement of an	an	DET	OCD	PROPN	 OCD
Of three attempts to measure this rate at Trinity, Rossi's was the only one that was fully successful	successful	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Further conspiracy theories were reported in the 2006 non fiction book The Sion Revelation: The Truth About the Guardians	Guardians	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Ovidiu recounts a story, in an interview filmed in February 2007, about kidnapping a prostitute and selling her	her	PRON	for	ADP	 for
The demo included only the initial portion of the game, which contained the game's introductory cinematic and narration	narration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ship was decommissioned in June 1924 and began a refit that lasted into 1926, during which her aft	aft	NOUN	control	NOUN	 control
Eventually, the overhead from communication dominates the time spent solving the problem, and further parallelization (that is	is	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
She is given instructions by Emily about where to leave the items and is told not to speak with anyone	anyone	PRON	in	ADP	 in
A running gag in the film is mission commander Melissa Lewis's love for 1970s songs (especially of the	the	DET	disco	NOUN	 disco
In a sea of hands, literally, Dev manages to tease you, seduce you and entice you.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The current population is much smaller, and the low level of recruitment and lack of juveniles suggests that the	the	DET	species	NOUN	 species
He qualified for pole position five times (in Malaysia, Spain, Monaco Turkey and Belgium); won	won	VERB	four	NUM	 four
By accurately estimating prevailing and emerging traffic conditions, this technology is expected to allow variable pricing, together with	with	ADP	improved	ADJ	 improved
Beecham married Betty in 1943, and they were a devoted couple until her death in 1958. On 10	10	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
The parkland is almost square in shape, with a section curving out from the south border. It consists	consists	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Jan was the ninth child of eleven that his parents had. He grew up in a kamienica building on	on	ADP	Floriańska	PROPN	 Floriańska
Success depended on Worsley's navigation, based on sightings attempted during the very brief appearances of the sun,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Despite the high casualties, the battle allowed much of the British Band, including many women and children,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
But how is it possible that the world " carves up " into certain structures and categories, the mind	mind	NOUN	carves	VERB	 carves
Kent is located in west central Portage County in Northeast Ohio approximately 10 miles (20 km) northeast of	of	ADP	Akron	PROPN	 Akron
The historian Loren J. Samons II argues, however, that Pericles had enough resources to make a political mark	mark	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Official religious practices, which maintained maat for the benefit of all Egypt, were related to, but distinct	distinct	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
Thus, proceeding by elimination, archeologists and egyptologists have formally recognized the Headless Pyramid as that of Menkauhor.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They were the ancestors of the cannon. The 14th century Huolongjing was also one of the first Chinese texts	texts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This had never been revealed because of the insurance implications. In the event, Titanic's heading changed just	just	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Some episodes later, she became a permanent member of the Night Shift as a CSI Level 3 at the	the	DET	LVPD	PROPN	 LVPD
Though the temple faces the inauspicious south, - according to a local tradition - the deity faces north,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Ireland consists of Old Irish Eriu + English land. Eriu derives from Proto Celtic * Iveriu (compare Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	Iwerddon	PROPN	 Iwerddon
As part of its Hall of Fame weekend, Cal wore throwback jerseys based on its 1975 team in honor	honor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He graded the production of the song as " C- ", writing " The end result is the song	song	NOUN	doesn	PROPN	 doesn
These included Type 284 radar for surface gunnery control, Type 285 anti aircraft gunnery radar, and a Type	Type	PROPN	281	NUM	 281
The city is home to eleven Catholic churches and six Episcopal churches. A significant Jewish presence has existed in	in	ADP	Albany	PROPN	 Albany
It was, however, fairly short lived. In 1999, the Hamersley Reference Group was formed to advise	advise	VERB	then	ADV	 then
Its computer threw the entire album out of phase. Shields was able to put it back together from memory	memory	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The only exceptions to this rule are the promotions to cadet airman and cadet staff sergeant, which have no	no	DET	aerospace	NOUN	 aerospace
This educational message is especially appropriate considering Ballantyne's adolescent audience, " the future rulers of the world "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
On 8 January 1948, Decree nr. 3 was issued, regarding specifications for the powers of the Presidium	Presidium	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
By 2010, Hall was the captain of North Hobart, and was one of only four players in the	the	DET	TFL	PROPN	 TFL
However, General Abdul Nasution said that Suharto took great care in preparing the " General Offensive " (Indonesian	Indonesian	PROPN	Serangan	PROPN	 Serangan
Fledglings continue to be fed by their parents for another one or two weeks. A pair can raise up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
Ditko recalled that, " Stan called Jack about the Fly ", adding that " [d] ays	ays	ADV	later	ADV	 later
However, this can be excused by his age. He is an almost beardless youth, unable to fully	fully	ADV	understand	VERB	 understand
On May 6, 1963, Time magazine celebrated its 40th anniversary at the hotel. The event was attended	attended	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Secretary of Treasure Memminger had expected that the tariff would bring in about 25 million dollars in revenue in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Collingwood was then rested for the home Test series against Bangladesh, however returned for the five match ODI series	series	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Keppel Jones comments that Lobengula might have felt that it would be harder to repudiate the document later if it	it	PRON	bore	VERB	 bore
An illusion is defined as a false sensory perception in the presence of an external stimulus, in other words	words	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Over the centuries, Anne has inspired or been mentioned in numerous artistic and cultural works. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After continuing to search for acting work, in 1987 Cartwright auditioned for a role in a series of animated	animated	VERB	shorts	NOUN	 shorts
Whilst wool remained an important part of the town's economy into the 19th (and even 20th) centuries	centuries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In session with Dr. Kroger, Monk remembers details of the shooting. Monk and Natalie return to the roof	roof	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
Extremes range from − 17° F (− 27° C) on February 9, 1934 to 104	104	NUM	°	NUM	°
Newspapers seemed to suggest that the ash had traveled for more than 150 miles (240 km), reaching	reaching	VERB	the	DET	 the
The son of Greek immigrants, he was accepted by recruiters only after Greece joined the Allies in late 1940	1940	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Zend Technologies provides a PHP Certification based on PHP 5.5 exam for programmers to become certified PHP developers. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Beginning in 1926, one of the proposals Stevens focused on for the next several years was the " Wages	Wages	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
In 2014, Washington's portrayal of Pope and her promotion of Pope's style earned her acclaim as a	a	DET	style	NOUN	 style
The song was featured on Jackson's seventh studio album, Bad (1987), and was its eighth	eighth	ADJ	single	NOUN	 single
In late 2008 Chambers signed a book deal, covering his athletics career and drug usage, and stated his	his	PRON	desire	NOUN	 desire
The courtship / spawning sequence lasts one to three hours, and can repeat up to five times. Courtship	Courtship	NOUN	begins	VERB	 begins
The Democratic Party holds most public offices. Registered Republicans are a minority in the borough, only constituting approximately	approximately	ADV	12	NUM	 12
The first song featured in the episode is " Sugalumps. " This song is a parody of The Black	Black	PROPN	Eyed	PROPN	 Eyed
Despite widespread concern about the welfare of free roaming cats, the lifespans of neutered feral cats in managed colonies	colonies	NOUN	compare	VERB	 compare
Turner executed a scoring drive and completed four of six passes, but also threw two interceptions. He sat	sat	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The 197 cars were built by Strømmens Verksted, Norsk Elektrisk & Brown Boveri and AEG between 1960 and 1981	1981	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" In the opinion of many film historians and aficionados, both at the time and subsequently, silent film	film	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Palimpsests were created by scraping the ink from existing works and reusing them, which was a common practice in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
' Yes, the new season is that good ", concluding his review by giving the season an A	A	PROPN	+	ADJ	 +
To communicate with smell, which is useful at night, lemurs will scent mark with urine as well as	as	ADP	scent	NOUN	 scent
Since her intermediate refueling stop at Bodrum was beyond her limited range, UB 14 departed Pola under tow from	from	ADP	an	DET	 an
Hudds Mill Lock was almost at the start of the cut. The canal flowed initially to the east,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Similarly, ATP Masters / ATP Masters 1000 events have been dominated by the Big Four. Djokovic leads with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Westley also gave first team opportunities to players who had progressed through the club's youth system, most notably	notably	ADV	George	PROPN	 George
" The ensuing vote fell 25 short of the needed two thirds majority to expel the Sinful Seven. In	In	ADP	1951	NUM	 1951
However, scientists eventually realized the cause was a then unknown fault, the Cottage Grove Fault, a small	small	ADJ	tear	NOUN	 tear
US 31 meets the southern terminus of M 120 and turns easterly along a freeway segment in Muskegon Township to	to	PART	terminate	VERB	 terminate
Publicized later was an internal report within the LAPD and Los Angeles County DCFS which showed the DCFS had cleared	cleared	VERB	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
In the early 1940s he tried to buy the NFL's Cleveland Rams, owned by millionaire supermarket heir Dan	Dan	PROPN	Reeves	PROPN	 Reeves
Lettre Ouverte aux Catholiques Perplexes (in French). Paris: A. Michel. ISBN 978 2 226 02325	02325	NUM	4	NUM	 4
An edited version of the song was then released on Celine's album All the Way... A Decade of	of	ADP	Song	PROPN	 Song
Carey wrote ballads that were closer to R & B than pop for this album, and worked with Snoop	Snoop	PROPN	Dogg	PROPN	 Dogg
Along parts of Nescopeck Creek, there are a large number of shrub like oak trees. In the Nescopeck	Nescopeck	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
He used a whip only on Emma, the most rebellious of them. Her mother provided scarce comfort,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
Symptoms include a short stilted gait or " bunny hopping, " and in rare cases ventroflexion of the neck	neck	NOUN	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
Known as " The Queen of the Hebrides ", it lies in Argyll just south west of Jura and	and	CCONJ	around	ADV	 around
At the Secret Garden Party, in September 2006, Allen made a rendition of the song and afterwards stated	stated	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Jay Is Games ' John Bardinelli found the game's unusual premise to be the source of its playability,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
More highly educated community members, particularly among the noble class, work in salaried positions as government officials,	,	PUNCT	teachers	NOUN	 teachers
Then, in 1195, there were widespread problems with law and order across England, including the South West	West	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After recovering most of the power stars and defeating Bowser's minions, Yoshi acquires keys that access other areas	areas	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Three days after the murder, the Gay and Lesbian Liaison Unit of the D.C. police were called in,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Janmaat and Schuurman, who were to marry in 1996, dominated the party. With Schuurman's son head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Nosema ceranae, was found in high concentrations in the majority of the bees tested, even after administering large	large	ADJ	doses	NOUN	 doses
" I Hear You, I See You " received generally positive reviews. According to Nielsen Media Research,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Out of India's 3119 towns and cities, just 209 have partial treatment facilities, and only 8 have	have	VERB	full	ADJ	 full
In 1933, almost two years after her death, Tanzler removed Hoyos's body from its tomb, and	and	CCONJ	lived	VERB	 lived
In the end, the raid marked the end of the castle's career as a fortress. New and	and	CCONJ	more	ADV	 more
Two appear to be undisturbed. Numerous finds including Early Bronze Age axes and cremation urns were recovered from these	these	DET	tumuli	PROPN	 tumuli
Bradford played no recorded pre season friendlies. Instead, Campbell and Cutts, decided on the first selection for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was initially stated that 630 people had died during the storm; however, this total does not include	include	VERB	victims	NOUN	 victims
The new main line would then have been the same size as the Aire and Calder Navigation, although some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The council launches several media campaigns a year against the producers and advertisers of television programs they perceive to be	be	AUX	indecent	ADJ	 indecent
The game was released in North America on May 26, 2009, in Europe on May 29, 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Entering 2007, Baseball America rated Hughes the Yankees ' # 1 prospect, said he had the best curveball	curveball	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The upper portion bears the wheelcase, supercharger and accessories; and carries the cylinder blocks, crankshaft main bearings	bearings	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
A 4,317 name petition to the same effect was submitted to the council three months later. Marches and rallies	rallies	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
When adapting The Kite Runner for the theatre, Director Eric Rose stated that he was drawn into the narrative	narrative	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
He is quoted as saying that he would like " to be remembered as someone who made people take British	British	ADJ	clothing	NOUN	 clothing
The film takes place in the future in Scotland, which has been quarantined because of a deadly virus.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
" from the 1976 film Taxi Driver. Jim wraps Cece in an Arcade Fire shirt, a reference to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nowitzki averages just over one block per game and never made an All Defense Team. However, playing more	more	ADV	around	ADP	 around
Using satellite images, researchers discovered that city climates have a noticeable influence on plant growing seasons up to 10	10	NUM	kilometers	NOUN	 kilometers
Hill likened an early scene that shows Kilgrave asking Jones to smile, and her obliging, to " similar	similar	ADJ	well	ADV	 well
Lyrically, as an artist, I think I've written some of the best lyrics I've ever written	written	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Four pairs of guns were positioned as fore and aft chase guns on the upper and main decks. The	The	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
As Superintendent of Police, Walstab's influence ensured a close link between the police and the NGVR, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rappard noted that the inspiration for the group was the prevalence of underused game ideas due to a lack of	of	ADP	interest	NOUN	 interest
The cyclone moved at a quick pace towards the west northwest south of a warm core ridge. Early on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
People who kept more traditional ways had settlements along the Tamiami Trail and tended to speak the Mikasuki language.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The lands surrounding his Lambeth manor house continued to be known as Falkes ' Hall, later Vauxhall. With	With	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In what was described by Chinese media – watchers as a surprise because of its historical professionalism, China	China	PROPN	Youth	PROPN	 Youth
Published in 1972, it is one of the first historical studies of slavery in the United States to be	be	AUX	presented	VERB	 presented
After Shackleton left with the James Caird, Frank Wild took command of the Elephant Island party, some of	of	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
The fact isn't new but the phenomenon is getting worse and is concerning. The peloton of stayaways has	has	AUX	grown	VERB	 grown
However, the responsibility of the gentile Poles for the Jedwabne pogrom has been highly disputed, with some sources	sources	NOUN	stating	VERB	 stating
Whitby was called Streanæshalc, Streneshalc, Streoneshalch, Streoneshalh, and Streunes Alae in Lindissi in records of the	the	DET	7th	ADJ	 7th
" The FDA investigated these complaints and concluded that Budeprion XL is equivalent to Wellbutrin XL in regard to bioavailability	bioavailability	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The fleet would be supported by the Regia Aeronautica and the German Fliegerkorps X (10th Air Corps).	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Its first action, on March 23, was to support an occupation of the Pak Mun Dam site by	by	ADP	5,000	NUM	 5,000
The trade was put on hold, pending a second opinion from other medical sources. On August 7,	,	PUNCT	Abdur	PROPN	 Abdur
It probably serviced the Blachernae Palace, as evidenced by its decoration with three imperial busts. Schneider however suggests	suggests	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
For the performance of " Shut Up and Drive " a car is present during the scene, to which	which	PRON	Rihanna	PROPN	 Rihanna
The critical period of exposure is between ages one and four years, with the risk ending around age eight	eight	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
With the completion of the new station, Yawkey is fully handicapped accessible. Named in honor of long time	time	NOUN	Red	PROPN	 Red
Records found after the accident indicated that two rough machined forgings having the serial number of the crash disk had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
She was launched on 5 September 1945, after the end of World War II and sponsored by the wife	wife	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The nursery received certification in 1997 for its high quality management complying with the requirements of Australian Standard AS /	/	SYM	NZS	PROPN	 NZS
" Since U Been Gone " was written and produced by Max Martin and Dr. Luke. The song,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
They tried to expel Andrew and his Hungarian retinue, but the Hungarians routed the united forces of Mstislavich and	and	CCONJ	Rostislavich	PROPN	 Rostislavich
A running joke involving Dug and the dog pack losing concentration at the mention of " squirrel! " is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Small magazines were positioned behind the lines of casemates. The West Wing is approximately 215 metres (705 ft	ft	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Designed to spread the cost of the war over a broader economic base than previous tax levies, this round	round	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Newly promoted to the First Division as runners up in the Second Division the previous season, Inverness entered the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
FitzRoy began writing the official Narrative of the Beagle voyages, and after reading Darwin's diary he proposed incorporating	incorporating	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The torpedo boats rejoined Emden late on the 12th and returned to port. In October 1918 Emden was to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
Ebenezer Clapp, in The History of Dorchester said of Atherton, " He had great experience and skill in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
NY 285 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to a highway connecting	connecting	VERB	NY	PROPN	 NY
Whitney Phaneuff from the website HitFix wrote that " Blow " sounded like it was written by Prince; Writers	Writers	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Third class carriages were introduced on 11 June 1838 but discontinued on 1 December 1838 after the company found that	that	SCONJ	many	ADJ	 many
He further interviewed guests whose relatives lost their lives in the accident. Under Secretary General for Humanitarian Affairs and	and	CCONJ	Emergency	PROPN	 Emergency
These are honeycombed structures composed of calcite microcrystals arranged in a lattice. They vary in form, with some	some	PRON	bearing	VERB	 bearing
In 1887, the American Association of Public Accountants (AAPA) was created; it was the first step	step	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The final group is the largest, made up of 12 women, whom she calls " women not born	born	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Crocheted Olek changed materials for a joint exhibition with David E. Peterson in New York City; she used thousands	thousands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their decision to leave Constantinople proved timely. In 1261 Michael VIII Palaiologos, the ruler of the Empire of	of	ADP	Nicaea	PROPN	 Nicaea
Montgomery Ward, a Chicago based department store, announced that they would be opening up a location at Southtown	Southtown	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Delphine LaLaurie appears as a character in Deadtime Stories, a PC game, (Deadtime Stories; developed by	by	ADP	I	PRON	 I
Nilkanth Varni received sannyasa initiation from Ramanand Swami on 20 October 1800, and with it was granted the names	names	NOUN	Sahajanand	PROPN	 Sahajanand
This is a criminal matter. Actions speak louder than words, and there has been no effort here to	to	PART	pay	VERB	 pay
Michigan, believing that this would " cause considerable confusion to the public ", requested a change in April	April	PROPN	1958	NUM	 1958
With the ascent of her husband as a prominent national politician, Obama has become a part of popular culture	culture	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The idea was scrapped, however, for budgetary reasons: the budget for the video was low and there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
That year, she made her debut in the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball League (WNWBL) with the	the	DET	Knox	PROPN	 Knox
Behaviour could be regulated through kirk sessions, composed of local church elders, which replaced the church courts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are many other carom billiards games, predominantly intermediary or offshoot games combining elements of those already listed,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Kepier, a local beauty spot, and the picturesque remains of Kepier Hospital, a building of much historic	historic	ADJ	interest	NOUN	 interest
Highly drought tolerant, it needs 370 – 550 mm (10 – 20 in) winter rainfall for cultivation	cultivation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The cape was originally a cloak worn separately from the robe, but gradually made its way into the uniform	uniform	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The sixteen 6 inch / 50 caliber guns were capable of firing 5 – 6 rounds per minute, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
, and Opie and Anthony. In May 2000, Stephanie appeared at the WBCN River Rave on stage with	with	ADP	friend	NOUN	 friend
The title track featured instrumentation from a rhythm guitar, a synthesizer, keyboards, and drums for the bassline	bassline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
3rd laird The third laird, also named James, inherited the estate in 1777; he was usually referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
After Nyarlathotep is defeated, Tatsuya fulfills his side of the bargain, and after saying his final goodbyes separates	separates	VERB	his	PRON	 his
She also embarked at that time 24 A4N1 fighters, plus four and eight spare aircraft respectively. In September	September	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The verses in the song's three sixteen bar sections proceed chronologically. The opening verse starts before the narrator	narrator	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
They acknowledge reports of specimens over 1.8 m (6 ft), or even over 2 m (6.5	6.5	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
In 1825, he deeded 400 acres (160 ha), containing the house, to his son Charles	Charles	PROPN	Perkins	PROPN	 Perkins
The largest linguistic group in South India is the Dravidian family of languages, a family of approximately 73 languages	languages	NOUN	The	DET	 The
The album was produced by Kevin Churko, who also produced the band's previous album, War Is the	the	DET	Answer	NOUN	 Answer
They helped to raise sufficient funds to keep the expedition alive, but several members of the party resigned or	or	CCONJ	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
The next day Savimbi announced UNITA would no longer abide by the ceasefire, citing Kaunda's insistence that Savimbi	Savimbi	PROPN	leave	VERB	 leave
The word Sepasco probably originated from the tribe's word for little river or stream, sepuus, which is	is	AUX	believed	VERB	 believed
Wisden commented that Chapman " exercised an invigorating influence " on the side. Before Chapman assumed the Kent captaincy	captaincy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
To obtain the phases, full sets of reflections are collected with known alterations to the scattering, either by	by	ADP	modulating	VERB	 modulating
Lavender primarily threw the spitball, and used it to win 16 games as a 28 year old rookie in	in	ADP	1912	NUM	 1912
Eosimiids were first described from findings in China in 1994 and are still best known there (two genera are	are	AUX	now	ADV	 now
On November 8, 1961, at 21: 24 Eastern Time Zone (EST), the aircraft crashed	crashed	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
The race was first held in 1829, and since 1845 has taken place on the 4.2 mile (6.8	6.8	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Out of 100 the songs that were sent in by Greek and foreign artists, a committee made up of	of	ADP	representatives	NOUN	 representatives
She states that after each show, Sinatra would be " in a buoyant, electrically charged mood, a	a	DET	post	NOUN	 post
While this gave DuMont a short term cash infusion, it eliminated the leverage the network had to get program	program	NOUN	clearances	NOUN	 clearances
Birmingham's supporters are generally referred to as " Bluenoses " in the media and by the fans themselves;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On August 27, the NHC downgraded Frank into a tropical storm, with poorly organized convection located west of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For the socially ambitious, bilingual education in Greek as well as Latin was a must. Quintilian provides the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Early on August 11, Hernan was downgraded to a tropical storm. Deep convection diminished around the center of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
One source described Constable at the time of the Matson slave case to be " the best educated lawyer at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Prior to the bridge, local vehicles and local freight could only cross the river by ferry. It was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
In the United States, " Breathing " peaked at number 28 on the Pop Songs chart, but failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Grammar guides typically cover terminal punctuation and the proper construction of sentences — but not the spacing between sentences.	.	PUNCT	Moreover	ADV	 Moreover
Thurso railway station is the most northerly location served by Britain's rail network, which links the town directly	directly	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Leaving Hornet behind, all Kinkaid could do was to direct the carrier and her task force to retreat as	as	ADV	soon	ADV	 soon
But the official actuary for Medicare does. The actuary determined that... the long term trend is towards less	less	ADJ	spending	NOUN	 spending
As a result, Feeder were until 2010 no longer on a record contract in their own country, while	while	SCONJ	still	ADV	 still
Both the Rangers and guerrillas were finally allowed through after an agitated Mucci told the lieutenant that he would call	call	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After four years of self imposed exile Aflaq returned to Iraq In 1974, a year before the Lebanese Civil	Civil	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
After complimenting Dwight numerous times and having a small meal, Pam makes a joke that emphasizes that everyone is	is	AUX	human	ADJ	 human
He unsuccessfully tried to find work and questioned God's existence, but found solace in Ramakrishna and his visits	visits	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Although he lost the case, his legal arguments won him international renown. Harrison developed what was thought to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Whether human beings would still be a force on the planet, or even survive, is a moot point	point	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Towers and other vertical structures may unintentionally or perhaps subconsciously have those connotations. There are many examples of modern	modern	ADJ	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
The weak THC resulted in slightly stronger low level trade winds, an increase in upper level zonal winds and	and	CCONJ	vertical	ADJ	 vertical
During excavation, bones and skeletons were found from extinct mastodons, mammoth, camel, sloth, dire wolf	wolf	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Euratom was to integrate sectors in nuclear energy while the EEC would develop a customs union among members. Through	Through	ADP	the	DET	 the
This message, which changes from episode to episode, has become known as the " chalkboard gag ".	.	PUNCT	Chalkboard	PROPN	 Chalkboard
The casinos are connected via a sky bridge that allows pedestrian access between the hotels without crossing the highway.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Hershey Creamery complied and in April 2007 submitted the appropriate RMPs, which were confirmed to be in place through	through	ADP	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
He pointed out how the quiet sense of foreboding at the beginning of the film grows, until the viewer	viewer	NOUN	experiences	NOUN	 experiences
When Baldwin was thirteen years old, he was playing with some children, who were trying to cause each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
A small portion of Port Republic Road through Port Republic was included in the state highway system by the late	late	ADJ	1920s	NOUN	 1920s
Launching Thunderbird 4, Gordon encounters a fourth, far larger reptile that ravages Blackmer's boat and stops Culp	Culp	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Numbers may have peaked in the early 1970s after a population boom; in 1975 they were reported to be	be	AUX	lighter	ADJ	 lighter
The Kembles, the Macreadys, the Rossettis, the Dickens [sic], the Thackerays, never seemed	seemed	VERB	to	PART	 to
He was the oldest of three children; his brother Josselin and sister Ava were born in 1893 and 1896	1896	NUM	respectively	ADV	 respectively
The installation of this model near its intended location was delayed by Taft's World War I service with the	the	DET	Y.M.C.A.	NOUN	 Y.M.C.A.
Burns is about 200 miles (322 km) south of Pendleton. Oregon Route 78 runs between Burns and	and	CCONJ	communities	NOUN	 communities
Wink, the host for the The Happy Smile Super Challenge Family Wish Show, was portrayed by George Takei	Takei	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Some mainframe games that did not appear in 101 BASIC Computer Games have still had a lasting impact. One	One	NUM	such	ADJ	 such
The Gateway Protection Programme was subsequently established in March 2004, with the first refugees arriving in the UK on	on	ADP	19	NUM	 19
The Red Army also captured Sakhalin Island and the Kuril Islands. On 15 August 1945, Japan surrendered,	,	PUNCT	with	SCONJ	 with
The unit was first formed in July 1942 and served in the New Guinea Campaign and Borneo Campaign during World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
" Despite her pleas, Secord did not receive the keys to the monument. In 1828, the Secords	Secords	PROPN	'	PART	 '
" In 2007, Liverpool Daily Post editor Larry Neild was selected to join Liverpool's ' Health is Wealth	Wealth	PROPN	'	PART	 '
He opened the Jewish Documentation Center in Vienna in 1961 and continued to try to locate missing Nazi war criminals	criminals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Banksy's Better Out Than In series has received mixed reviews. Many fans raved over his work, flocking	flocking	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The game received critical acclaim. The SNES version holds an aggregate score of 90% at GameRankings, whereas	whereas	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Due to space limitations, the latter angle was filmed through a mirror (with the actors appearing to be	be	AUX	opposite	ADJ	 opposite
By that time Redding had developed polyps on his larynx, which he tried to treat with tea and lemon	lemon	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
It is widely accepted that most of McCarthy's cases were selected from the so called " Lee list "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The Navy left food and water for a few weeks and then failed to return in a timely manner.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
The next spring, the last year of gymnasium, he decided to go to Paris for the holidays with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Brigitte Peucker also suggests that Norman's hobby of stuffing birds literalizes the British slang expressions for sex - "	"	PUNCT	stuffing	NOUN	 stuffing
In 1996, Evan Chandler sued Jackson for around $60 million, claiming Jackson had breached an agreement never	never	ADV	to	PART	 to
The fruit body consists of a reddish, cylindrical fluted stipe that is capped with several " arms ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
During the healing process, the lung adheres to the chest wall, effectively obliterating the pleural space. Recurrence	Recurrence	NOUN	rates	NOUN	 rates
Had Dredd not resigned, they might not have found their task so easy. Dredd eventually returned to the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
The previous route from the Nullarbor Homestead to Nundroo Motel also travelled further inland than the new alignment, past	past	ADP	Ivy	PROPN	 Ivy
With good field position and momentum granted by the interception and field goal, Kansas moved the ball quickly.	.	PUNCT	Todd	PROPN	 Todd
Paul Kummer moved the species to Limacium in 1871, but this genus has since been sunk into synonymy with	with	ADP	Hygrophorus	PROPN	 Hygrophorus
It has been known for more than a century that consumption of raw or insufficiently cooked shellfish can be associated	associated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The area is offset by the two rift zones and defined on three sides by boundary faults up to 150	150	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Due to having received two yellow cards, he was suspended for his country's final group match, against	against	ADP	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
It was only after the advent of the Portuguese in the region that Christianity began to spread. In 1498	1498	NUM	the	DET	 the
Uematsu enjoys writing lyrical pieces, but tries not to be genre specific. He asserts that expressing the emotions	emotions	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The 4th Parachute Brigade was formed at RAF Kibrit in the Middle East on 1 December 1942. Upon formation	formation	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
The caliph assigned each of his generals to a stretch of the walls. Both besiegers and besieged had many	many	ADJ	siege	NOUN	 siege
The hours of work allowed by that Bill being fewer in number than those formerly practised, a visible improvement	improvement	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
An important downstream target of ATM and ATR is p53, as it is required for inducing apoptosis following DNA	DNA	NOUN	damage	NOUN	 damage
Some of the staff members, the team led by director and designer Hidemaro Fujibayashi that was responsible for tasks	tasks	NOUN	other	ADJ	 other
Lasance was nominated in the category of " Best Bad Boy " at the 2008 Inside Soap Awards. Lasance	Lasance	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
Seydlitz was laid down on 29 December 1936 and Lützow followed her on 2 August 1937. The ships were	were	AUX	launched	VERB	 launched
" A " Draft Clark " campaign began to grow with the launch of DraftWesleyClark.com on April 10, 2003	2003	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The contact with such visionary thinkers complimented his exposure to the German V 2 rockets in Europe and served to	to	PART	strengthen	VERB	 strengthen
The blue duiker split from Maxwell's duiker 2.68 to 5.31 million years ago. This cladogram, however,	,	PUNCT	did	AUX	 did
When King Edward the Confessor died in January 1066 his closest relative was his great nephew, Edgar the Ætheling	Ætheling	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To test this assertion, in 1974 the New Mexico Livestock Board seized 19 free roaming feral burros which were	were	AUX	preventing	VERB	 preventing
Features used to identify fossil theropod teeth include size, proportion, curvature of the crown and the morphology and	and	CCONJ	number	NOUN	 number
Upon reaching the High Seas Fleet, Vice Admiral David Beatty's battlecruisers turned back to the north to lure	lure	VERB	the	DET	 the
When the Canadiens began their playoff series against the Chicago Black Hawks, the Canadiens ' general manager, Léo	Léo	PROPN	Dandurand	PROPN	 Dandurand
The K1 was mainly rostered to haul the early evening express from Cannon Street to Dover Marine. The K	K	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
As a result, after the death of Robert III, regents ruled Scotland: first, the Duke of	of	ADP	Albany	PROPN	 Albany
The song was performed at Jay Z's and Eminem's " Home and Home " concert on September 14	14	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
To account for modifications of symmetry in parts of different plants, an occurrence that could hinder the discovery of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Caudillos like Facundo Quiroga are seen, at the beginning of the book, as the antithesis of education,	,	PUNCT	high	ADJ	 high
During his time there, Washington was visited by John Adams and Abigail Adams, Benedict Arnold, Henry Knox	Knox	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
For much of its first two centuries, it was, along with the Royal Opera House, a patent	patent	NOUN	theatre	NOUN	 theatre
The Iraqis claimed they were unarmed, while the Army said that some individuals were carrying and firing AK 47s	47s	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Specialized cells that can survive without direct blood supply are in the inside of the disc. Over time,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Spears and her dancers crawled on the floor, onto a daybed, and pretended to make out with one	one	NUM	another	DET	 another
Bullen admitted that Adam's biography was never fully planned but conceded that Cold Feet was " full of gaffes	gaffes	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Here, for the first time, " the various mythic, cultic and theological elements relating to diverse	diverse	ADJ	female	ADJ	 female
This is seen as a cause of his arrogance and stubbornness in later life. Brudenell was a fine rider	rider	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The second novel, Love Hina: Secrets at Hinata Hotel was written by Hiroyuki Kawasaki and released in Japan	Japan	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Caltrans predicted that without the widening project, traffic speeds on SR 78 would be as low as 15 miles	miles	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Mathews retired from the Royal Navy in 1881 and was appointed Brigadier General of Zanzibar. There followed more expeditions	expeditions	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The British opened fire at extreme range and were forced to disengage in the face of long range torpedo volleys	volleys	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Of the chambers in the palace, only the dining room and the Silver House remain roofed, having been	been	AUX	restored	VERB	 restored
Cascades Diversion Dam was a timber crib dam built in 1917 near where the Merced River flows out of Yosemite	Yosemite	PROPN	Valley	PROPN	 Valley
After Resesi, Chrisye collaborated with Djarot and Jockie on the 1983 album Metropolitan. The album, drawing on	on	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
The Gaṅgā (Ganga), one of the major rivers of the country, is said to have made	made	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In 2012, " Play Doh Plus " was created. It is lighter, more pliable, and softer	softer	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Meanwhile, the popularity of game shows was at an all time nadir, as with the exception of The	The	DET	Price	PROPN	 Price
In 2014, Murchison's company went into voluntary liquidation after running up debts of almost half a million pounds	pounds	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The report stated, " There is no basis to apprehension of Christian petitioners that politicians, BJP, mainstream	mainstream	NOUN	Sangh	PROPN	 Sangh
Challenge Park includes a Ripcord, Skyscraper, and two eighteen hole mini golf courses. Snake River Falls was	was	AUX	constructed	VERB	 constructed
By the following year he had secured University of Wisconsin funding to rent and equip an off campus glass department	department	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The castle was garrisoned by government troops during the Jacobite Rising of Bonnie Dundee in 1689, when repairs were	were	AUX	ordered	VERB	 ordered
The Mesabi Range ultimately had much more ore than the Vermilion Range, and it was easy to extract because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Some critics described her final storylines as " upsetting " and " surprising ". Steph's relationship with Gilly	Gilly	PROPN	Roach	PROPN	 Roach
Some notable observations and milestones for Ceres include: 1984 November 13: An occultation of a star by Ceres	Ceres	PROPN	observed	VERB	 observed
That Amendment erects no shield against merely private conduct, however discriminatory or wrongful. " The court added in	in	ADP	Civil	PROPN	 Civil
The redesigned aircraft was named the DH 106 Comet in December 1947. Revised first orders from BOAC and British	British	PROPN	South	PROPN	 South
With their help, Ernst could hold Bonn. Support from the city of Cologne itself was also secure.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
It was written by Ryan Toby, Andre Harris, Vidal Davis and Jason Boyd, and produced by Dre	Dre	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
" That [Harvard] will maintain the traditions of academic freedom, of tolerance for heresy, I feel	feel	VERB	sure	ADJ	 sure
The system weakened at a fast rate after landfall, but its circulation would not totally dissipate for three more	more	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
' There ’ s nothing not to love about me, ' she sang... without needing to make a	a	DET	joke	NOUN	 joke
His funeral was held at Sherborne Abbey in his home town of Sherborne in Dorset. Simpson was appointed Member	Member	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" She's just a bad mother ", said the zoo's long time director Dr. William M. Mann	Mann	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
He subsequently took his mother to the film's premier in the Miami Film Festival before she once more accompanied	accompanied	VERB	him	PRON	 him
In her diary she wrote, " When my brother... was a young boy learning the Chinese classics,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Paternal grandmother: Monggo (1573 – 1603), of the Manchu Yehenara clan; consort of Nurhaci;	;	PUNCT	posthumously	ADV	 posthumously
Later that season, Wallwork was loaned out twice: firstly to Carlisle United, where he scored his first	first	ADJ	goal	NOUN	 goal
However, Jones complimented the singer's incorporation of the audience, naming it her " inimitable style ".	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
She died in 1958. A twin sister, Ehrengard, died in 1932. Irmgard Bormann (born 25	25	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
Hamilton's teammate Jenson Button was fourth with 165 points, and Sebastian Vettel was fifth on 163 points.	.	PUNCT	Red	PROPN	 Red
A large hall and tower house were added to the castle in the 15th century, forming the east range	range	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Specialist Marco Kaltofen of the Boston Chemical Data Corp., who did the technical analysis of the samples, pointed	pointed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Amphibian species in Puerto Rico belong to four families: Bufonidae (2 species), Hylidae (3)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
When the fleet arrived in March, it found that there were no rebels left to support. It fought	fought	VERB	a	DET	 a
According to Mark Lewisohn and Ian MacDonald: The Beatles John Lennon – lead, harmony and background vocals;	;	PUNCT	rhythm	PROPN	 rhythm
The D shaped, stone fortification, equipped with five gun ports for cannon, overlooked the mouth of the	the	DET	River	PROPN	 River
He hoped to produce a balanced depiction of the subject matter, and he, along with co writers Brennan	Brennan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Players can also change Kirk and Spock's sidearms; Kirk's sidearms are the Captain's Phaser and the	the	DET	Starfleet	PROPN	 Starfleet
The film tells the story of Peter Parker, a teenager from New York who becomes Spider Man after being	being	AUX	bitten	VERB	 bitten
Throughout the history of Sri Lanka, Ruhuna served as a base for resistance movements. In 993, the	the	DET	Chola	PROPN	 Chola
Other performers, such as Ed Sheeran and Adam Lambert praised the interpretation by calling it an amazing performance and	and	CCONJ	noticing	VERB	 noticing
It received GameSpy's " Game of the Year 2005 " awards for " Best GameCube Sports ", "	"	PUNCT	Best	PROPN	 Best
The last three ships were also equipped with eight 5.2 cm SK L / 55 guns with 4,000 rounds of	of	ADP	ammunition	NOUN	 ammunition
At this time, the 3rd Parachute Division — along with an armoured regiment of the 1st SS Panzer Division	Division	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
In 2006, Michael Emerson was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The technology was named RDF with misleading intent - the vague description would disguise the full nature of the system	system	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
.. There was never a deal, there was never a " take it or leave it " option at	at	ADV	all	ADV	 all
The Court said that in addition to the general guarantees of freedom of movement under Article 12 of the International	International	PROPN	Covenant	PROPN	 Covenant
The race restarted on lap sixteen, with Earnhardt leading Harvick and Truex. On the seventeenth lap, McMurray	McMurray	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
He eventually mentions the occurrence to Mr. Anderson, who tells Charlie's parents about it. Charlie's relationship	relationship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The warmest ball drop was 58° F (14° C) in both 1965 and 1972. It	It	PRON	has	AUX	 has
The other Càrn Dearg (1,020 m) juts out into Glen Nevis on the mountain's southwestern side.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
" – Stan (Trey Parker), Kyle (Matt Stone), Cartman (Trey Parker) "	"	PUNCT	Up	ADV	 Up
Principal photography began in March 2011, using digital cinematography. Wirkola said, " Hopefully – you can see	see	VERB	what	PRON	 what
Nothing was said on the Nazi indoctrination of the troops or the atrocities committed by them. Paul Hausser's	's	PART	1953	NUM	 1953
The poem " Oh Death Rock Me Asleep " is generally believed to have been authored by Anne and reveals	reveals	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1803 France sold it to the United States under the Louisiana Purchase. Lieutenant Zebulon Pike was the first	first	ADJ	United	PROPN	 United
The show went on a national tour, with the stand up comedian Charlie Chester as compere, during which	which	PRON	Terry	PROPN	 Terry
Co creators Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko wrote the majority of the finale; DiMartino wrote parts one,	,	PUNCT	three	NUM	 three
The one Meeker kept, named Twist, was lodged at the stockyards in Tacoma as he sought another.	.	PUNCT	Meeker	NOUN	 Meeker
After the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, the three ships laid defensive minefields in the North	North	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
The Prince Regent was prostrated with grief, and was unable to attend his child's funeral. Princess Caroline	Caroline	PROPN	heard	VERB	 heard
Platelets produce sharp absorption peaks at 1359 – 1375 and 330 cm − 1 in IR absorption spectra; remarkably	remarkably	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Both Ray and Dave Davies still perform the song in solo shows, generally as a closing number. In	In	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Case stated that Sharon was guilty over Brad's tragic death. Unlike Nick's mother Nikki Newman (Melody	Melody	PROPN	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
The highest recorded attendance at Hartsdown Park was 14,169 for the visit of Tottenham Hotspur in the FA Cup in	in	ADP	1972	NUM	 1972
" Only a few students remained, including Calvin Frye, who became Eddy's most loyal personal assistant.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The ship was detached from the fleet with only the light cruiser Omaha as escort and made a wide sweep	sweep	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
While nearly half the tributes are killed in the first day of the Games, Katniss relies on her well	well	ADV	practiced	VERB	 practiced
The non bonding nature of the 7p1 / 2 spinor is because ununseptium is expected not to form purely sigma	sigma	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
This discovery was announced by Debra Fischer and P.C. Gregory. This 1.64 MJ planet has an orbital period of	of	ADP	14,002	NUM	 14,002
It turns out that watching moody, cruel men and unsatisfied, put upon women for an hour just is	is	AUX	n't	PART	n't
He became a founder of the Community Relations Board which worked to " quell waves of misunderstanding, discrimination and	and	CCONJ	discontent	NOUN	 discontent
St Vincent, acting under urgent orders from London to send a fleet to the Mediterranean had opted to split	split	VERB	his	PRON	 his
When she returns to Beth's apartment she is surprised to find Beth's boyfriend, Paul, who seems	seems	VERB	confused	VERB	 confused
Citing several historical geographical studies, Zhang (2006) shows that earlier accounts place the battlefield in Wuchang.	.	PUNCT	Sheng	PROPN	 Sheng
Feeling like " a total outcast ", Beck dropped out of school after junior high. He later said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He witnessed a confirmation granted by Harthacnut to Fécamp Abbey, between 1040 and 1042, of an earlier grant	grant	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
One of the first works of juvenile fiction to feature exclusively juvenile heroes, the story relates the adventures of	of	ADP	three	NUM	 three
He also said he wanted retire from road racing aged 33, to ride on the track and spend more	more	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Having until then recorded mostly acoustic music, Dylan used rock musicians as his backing band on every track of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Historians have written that the British attack was a failure caused by a lack of conviction among some senior commanders	commanders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In a 2009 interview with Bill Flanagan promoting Dylan's Christmas LP, Christmas in the Heart, Flanagan	Flanagan	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
It also included Constantin Crețulescu as President of the City Council (later replaced by Cezar Bolliac), Scarlat	Scarlat	PROPN	Crețulescu	PROPN	 Crețulescu
The record eventually sold 4.2 million copies in the US alone, and about 12 million copies worldwide by 1996	1996	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 1841, Smith began revealing the doctrine of plural marriage to a few of his closest male associates,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Marceline is a musician who plays an electric bass that she made from her family's heirloom battle axe.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Almost immediately after Fortuyn became leader, LN went from 2% in opinion polls to about 17%	%	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mary of Woodstock (11 / 12 March 1279 – 29 May 1332), a Benedictine nun in Amesbury	Amesbury	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, polonium is an alpha emitter, and Lise Meitner sent Chadwick about 2 millicuries (about 0.5 µg	µg	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
He noted that NCMPs were free to debate issues in Parliament, and that the scheme provided opposition politicians with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
Consequently, the team voted to forgo the trip as a gesture of support for Doby. During summer vacation	vacation	NOUN	Doby	PROPN	 Doby
He added that his appearance on the show gave him " a lot more prestige " when visiting high schools	schools	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 23 February 1924, a crowd of over 50,000 saw Burnley secure a 1 – 0 win over Huddersfield	Huddersfield	PROPN	Town	PROPN	 Town
Karthik returned to domestic cricket at the conclusion of the Tests while his colleagues played in the ODIs, and	and	CCONJ	played	VERB	 played
On starting single player mode, a cutscene shows the destruction of space station Freeport 7 by unknown forces,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
In 1962 Bowie formed his first band at the age of 15. Playing guitar based rock and roll at	at	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
One of his pupils is local mill owner John Thornton (Richard Armitage), who gets off to a	a	DET	bad	ADJ	 bad
Starting in the 1980s, he travelled with his all female Amazonian Guard, who were allegedly sworn to a	a	DET	life	NOUN	 life
Not all reviews were so positive. The Dallas Morning News writer Ed Bark called Williams ' a " sometimes	sometimes	ADV	overly	ADV	 overly
When the new station (now the Ogilvie Transportation Center) opened in 1911, Kinzie Street railroad bridge was	was	AUX	left	VERB	 left
The decision to make a father and his sons the main characters was influenced by the premise of Bonanza,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
In 1896 Ketèlbey took up the post of conductor for a travelling light opera company; his father, who	who	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
At the time, the 7th Division was preparing to go to Greece, to follow in the wake of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Over the next thirty years many calibration curves were published using a variety of methods and statistical approaches. These	These	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The colony passed legislation to clear title to all land grants from the colony in 1712; the act declared	declared	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
The principle of " methodological individualism ", which holds that social scientists should seek to understand collectivities (such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
In October 2013, Tom revealed on social networking site Twitter that the band were once again on hiatus,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
A five year project, SOS Puffin, led by the Scottish Seabird Centre at North Berwick, was launched	launched	VERB	early	ADV	 early
In 1950, Clements resigned to assume a seat in the U.S. Senate, elevating Wetherby to governor. Wetherby	Wetherby	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
Ratajkowski has raised funds, done public service announcements, and committed to a short film promoting reproductive and sexual	sexual	ADJ	health	NOUN	 health
Warren developed the technique of producing stereoscopic images of the breast with X rays while working in the Department of	of	ADP	Radiology	PROPN	 Radiology
Most Myrmecia ants are active during the warmer months, and are dormant during winter. However, M. pyriformis	pyriformis	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He played Philo Beddoe, a trucker and brawler who roams the American West searching for a lost love (	(	PUNCT	Locke	PROPN	Locke
In addition, Veronica attends a birthday party run by Logan (Jason Dohring) for his new girlfriend Parker	Parker	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Guest stars Spiner, Alec Newman and Abby Brammell resumed their roles from the previous episode in the trilogy,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Beckett was the starting pitcher in that game, and some Red Sox fans theorized that her invitation was an	an	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
Another established literary trope found in the plot of Conan the Barbarian is the concept of death, followed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
A third volume, subtitled Final Fling was released on 1 May 2008. In 1954 CBS paid Ian Fleming	Fleming	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
The Cardinals won 5 – 4. MLB.com writer Matthew Leach later called it " one of the most famous	famous	ADJ	playoff	NOUN	 playoff
Full freeway segments were built in 1965 between 18 Mile and 27 ½ Mile roads near Utica and Romeo.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The NER had built a branch in the late 1850s from Durham to Bishop Auckland, but used a separate	separate	ADJ	station	NOUN	 station
Phototrophic archaea use light to produce chemical energy in the form of ATP. In the Halobacteria, light activated	activated	VERB	ion	NOUN	 ion
Both Terry Rossio and Bill Marsilii have acknowledged that the film was not shot the way they had wanted it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
They have been nominated at the 2011 Grammy Awards and at the 2012 Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year	Year	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
For his part, Bernard Landry believed that nothing short of a seat at the United Nations would have been	been	AUX	accomplished	VERB	 accomplished
MTV News reported that the track would serve as the lead single from Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The ranch was self supporting from 1963 on, with the short term assistance of loans from Sheila's aunt	aunt	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Anole's reptilian mutation gives him green scaly skin, a spiked head carapace instead of hair, a prehensile	prehensile	ADJ	sticky	ADJ	 sticky
As elsewhere, sabotage was employed against enemy military and economic assets, with railway lines and bridges being common	common	ADJ	targets	NOUN	 targets
" In 2006, Lee was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony	ceremony	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During his teenage years and while under house arrest, Keef's music videos were met with acclaim from local	local	ADJ	high	ADJ	 high
" In 1892, Battenberg invented the Battenberg Course Indicator, a relative velocity analogue computer device used by seamen	seamen	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He toured Europe as a folk musician and busker. By the time he returned home to Canada in 1979	1979	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Still in active service by the outbreak of war with the American colonies, MacBride took command of a ship	ship	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Intro Song " was an early version of " Speak to Me ", which later appeared on The	The	DET	Dark	PROPN	 Dark
Two species (T. serratus and T. flabellatus) stood apart from these groups. By 1933, and his	his	PRON	revision	NOUN	 revision
As each region has its own traditional pattern, batiks are commonly distinguished by the region they originated in,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Although he was a proponent of secular politics, Nasser was an observant Muslim who made the Hajj pilgrimage to	to	ADP	Mecca	PROPN	 Mecca
Unlike other ferns, the spores in this family are produced inside sporocarps. These are hairy, short stalked	stalked	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
McGill's contract affiliated teaching hospitals include the Montreal Children's Hospital, the Montreal General Hospital, the Montreal	Montreal	PROPN	Neurological	PROPN	 Neurological
M 66 turns west along M 21 (Lincoln Avenue) for two blocks before turning back to the north	north	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
He was nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series for Taxi in 1983 and Cheers in 1985, Outstanding Writing for a	a	DET	Comedy	PROPN	 Comedy
Amane is admired by many of the students from Spica as well as students from the other two schools,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
The film's protagonist, though, does meet an attractive young man who plays in the dance band and	and	CCONJ	has	VERB	 has
Fortunately for the British, Flight Sergeant Cox and several sappers arrived at this time and proceeded to dismantle the	the	DET	radar	NOUN	 radar
The landing force split into two groups, with one group assaulting Guadalcanal, and the other Tulagi, Florida	Florida	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The film was released on September 16, 1910, and received neutral to negative reviews. The film is	is	AUX	presumed	VERB	 presumed
The player is awarded either a bronze, silver, or gold license based on the number of points attained	attained	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
From second slip, Jack Crapp dived left behind Edrich but the ball landed a few centimetres beyond his fingers	fingers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The squad won the team award at this race as well. Charteau showed his climbing prowess and cunning in	in	ADP	stage	NOUN	 stage
Portisch and Smyslov contested a six game playoff in Portorož, Yugoslavia in early 1971 for the reserve position for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born in London, Richard " Dick " Toms (1914 – 2005) was largely self taught as an	an	DET	architect	NOUN	 architect
The date for the attempted negotiations is debated; Some scholars including John F. Drinkwater set the event in 253	253	NUM	while	SCONJ	 while
Due to low Nielsen ratings during the first season, NBC executives decided to order only a four episode season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The fungus prefers to fruit in disturbed areas such as trails and abandoned forest roads; it is not commonly	commonly	ADV	found	VERB	 found
The freeway curves southeasterly and then northeasterly through the complex as it runs eastward through the adjacent residential subdivisions.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Construction began on 13 September 1573, and it was complete by 1580. The fortress was built under the	the	DET	master	NOUN	 master
The following day, Flores Aráoz announced his decision to postpone his trip after conferring with the Foreign Affairs Minister	Minister	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On March 22, 2012, the band posted a video on YouTube featuring numerous scenes from the band in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This British Empire victory, the first against the Ottoman Empire in the war, ensured the safety of the	the	DET	Suez	PROPN	 Suez
Striker and Vampiro provided English language commentary for the entire first season of the show, with the season finale	finale	NOUN	airing	VERB	 airing
Although its plan dates from an earlier period, much of the church as it now stands was built between	between	ADP	1292	NUM	 1292
More obvious remains of the power stations are their three large sub stations that still supply the local region.	.	PUNCT	Much	ADJ	 Much
" That month, General Mario Roatta, commander of the Italian 2nd Army, contacted Jevđević and " legalised	legalised	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Garfield's death was not just a personal tragedy for Blaine; it also meant the end of his dominance	dominance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The game received positive reviews on both GameSpot and IGN websites. The website RPGFan also gave it a positive	positive	ADJ	review	NOUN	 review
" In 1976, two longstanding activists in the völkisch and far right milieu, Adolf and Sigrun Schleipfer,	,	PUNCT	established	VERB	 established
Gergonne found the radical axis R of the unknown solution circles as follows. Any pair of circles has two	two	NUM	centers	NOUN	 centers
The ships ' 37 mm 83 calibre guns were twin mounted and placed in the superstructure. The mounts were	were	AUX	hand	NOUN	 hand
After releasing their 2010 album Contra, the band toured and wrote new material during sound checks. Following a	a	DET	period	NOUN	 period
Hal Rogers was also considered a suspect because he had posted bail for his brother, knowing he had abused	abused	VERB	Michelle	PROPN	 Michelle
Ibrahim exchanged places with Abu'l Abbas, who was named as his successor: Abu'l Abbas left Sicily for Ifriqiya	Ifriqiya	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
For many years Germans kept quiet about their experiences and felt a sense of communal guilt, even if they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Allen's men then moved through the western end of the camp, and another fire fight broke out with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
The main decision making body of the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality is the Municipal Council, with members drawn from district	district	NOUN	councils	NOUN	 councils
Often, the passage of the Pampero winds occurs as a cold front passes through, leading to strong gusts	gusts	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The Co op mode is initially limited to one boss run challenge, but after a file is beaten,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
He criticized Karzai's policy, which he called a " fatal mistake and a recipe for civil war "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The zoo closed in September 1977 after its owners decided they could no longer afford its losses of £100,000	100,000	NUM	a	DET	 a
In February 2011, the press announced that the new president of Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, had decided in	in	ADP	favour	NOUN	 favour
It was recovered a month later by the White Star liner Oceanic, with the bodies still aboard. Those	Those	PRON	on	ADP	 on
His century was also part of a 249 run fourth wicket partnership which became a Yorkshire record. Boycott cemented	cemented	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The dusky dolphin and the Pacific white sided dolphin are considered phylogenetically related species. Some researchers have suggested they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The ethnic violence committed by Bosnian Serbs against civilians resulted in the greatest number of civilian victims in the Bosnian	Bosnian	ADJ	war	NOUN	 war
According to film historian Steven Dillon, Diane transitions a former roommate into Rita: following a tense scene where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Vortexes rotate with the period of about 3 days in the direction of general super rotation of the atmosphere.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Quarter Ponies are often used in western riding activities as mounts for children because of their small size, and	and	CCONJ	calm	ADJ	 calm
During its original 1989 theatrical release, Mermaid earned $84,355,863 at the North American box office, falling just	just	ADV	short	ADV	 short
The College of Natural and Agricultural Sciences, founded in 1960, incorporated the CES as part of the first	first	ADJ	research	NOUN	 research
He was assigned to the Providence Bruins to begin the 2010 – 11 season and spent the entire campaign in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Square has reused several songs from the game (notably the " Battle " theme) in later titles	titles	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Here I Stand had unweighted first day sales of 146,000 in the US, and in its first three days	days	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Only when it became clear that the negotiations could not be completed in time did Tang finally finish drawing up	up	ADP	a	DET	 a
In a poll conducted by IGN, it was voted as the best Pokémon, where the staff commented about	about	ADP	remembering	VERB	 remembering
Hagrid overpowers them and flees the school. McGonagall, trying to disrupt the violence, is badly injured and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
" A series of safety meetings were scheduled in order to prevent accidents on the set. One of the	the	DET	items	NOUN	 items
At the end of the trail were the words, " I must fly. " Police had later identified	identified	VERB	the	DET	 the
" For the most part, we usually told him to try to stay away from the programmed drums and	and	CCONJ	come	VERB	 come
Thus signalling the absolute freedom Nemo had been seeking – being able to live a life without choice, for	for	SCONJ	while	SCONJ	 while
HRQL improves significantly in the first year. In Western countries, the number of new episodes per year has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
" According to The Grove Encyclopedia of American Art, during this phase of Lichtenstein's career " a constant	constant	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
In 1998, 2.5 million copies were sold, although it was released only 39 days before the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Fantasy Sequins " begins with the same bow played string instrument as on " Crying ", soon joined	joined	VERB	by	ADP	 by
She avoided the re written press releases and industry jargon that were common in prior issues. Some of the	the	DET	subjects	NOUN	 subjects
She was not entitled to be known as Grand Duchess; she instead used the style " Madame or Countess	Countess	PROPN	Brasova	PROPN	 Brasova
It was first hinted at the December 1999 release, Resident Evil 4 underwent a long development time during which	which	PRON	four	NUM	 four
Recalling the experience in an interview with The New York Times, MacFarlane stated, I spent about six months	months	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Apart from his personal recollections, Henri Coanda also bestowed upon the museum some drawings and illustrations of his turbo	turbo	NOUN	propulseur	NOUN	 propulseur
The range had grown too far for accurate shooting, so Beatty altered course four points to port to close	close	VERB	the	DET	 the
He argues that Jennings was a successful campaigner, but an " indifferent " statesman and governor who was "	"	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
The Tumangan Development Project is threatening to destroy potential habitat in the area of several of the historic records.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
" As well as " Wah Wah ", " Art of Dying " and others that would soon be	be	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
Savannah / Hilton Head International Airport is the second busiest airport in the state as measured by passengers served,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Nash returned on February 4, 2014, shooting 3 for 6 for 7 points. On February 7,	,	PUNCT	2014	NUM	 2014
Unimportant matters could be voted on by a voice vote or by a show of hands, while important votes	votes	NOUN	resulted	VERB	 resulted
Microprinting, On numerous areas of the banknotes you can see microprinting, for example, inside the " EYPΩ	EYPΩ	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The oldest tilefish recorded to date was a 46 year old female specimen that reached lengths of 33.5 in (	(	PUNCT	850	NUM	850
An NBC spokesman said the network had left out that segment because its programming was " tailored for the US	US	PROPN	audience	NOUN	 audience
The band sometimes performed while Tong's kit was re amped and played sections live while a brick was placed	placed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The location used for One Eyed Jacks appeared in only one other episode of the series after its appearance here	here	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He was assigned to the team's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Athletics were practised at the school as early as 1871 when a sports day was held; the 100 yards	yards	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Space expenditures must take their proper place within a rigorous system of national priorities... What we do in space	space	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Moby created a remake of The James Bond Theme to be used for the movie. Two different versions of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mussels are commonly seen here in addition to fish specialties of Sète, Bourride, Tielles and Rouille de seiche	seiche	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The plans centered on a three mile long grand boulevard running from north to south, which Speer called the	the	DET	Prachtstrasse	PROPN	 Prachtstrasse
Accepting the commission, Kneale quickly decided that, in keeping with Christmas tradition, he would write a ghost	ghost	NOUN	story	NOUN	 story
In September 2009, it was announced that the first 27 volumes had sold over 20 million copies in Japan	Japan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
NOI members have offered contradictory accounts of the events that caused his exit and whether he left voluntarily. His	His	PRON	departure	NOUN	 departure
Despite this, the anarcho syndicalist union persisted and gradually acquired a degree of influence, focusing its efforts through	through	ADP	propaganda	NOUN	 propaganda
The Greek word gave rise to Latin sericum und ultimately Old English sioloc, Middle English silk. According to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Contributors included Mark Twain and Stephen Crane. Davenport was among a number of talented staff on the Examiner whom	whom	PRON	Hearst	PROPN	 Hearst
Rows of candles arranged along the floor burn as a bagpiper plays a dirge. The assembled mourners, a	a	DET	mix	NOUN	 mix
She ranked third in the Pac 10 for goals (13) and second in game winning goals (6	6	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The mother will not tolerate the presence of males after the birth of cubs, given a risk of infanticide	infanticide	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
The cyclone steadily weakened thereafter before making landfall on Nova Scotia on September 17 with winds of 85 mph (	(	PUNCT	135	NUM	135
The bridge is greatly endangered through the beginning of intensive cultivation in the vicinity. The locals strip the still	still	ADV	intact	ADJ	 intact
One contender in maximum size among the predatory sharks is the tiger shark (Galeocerdo cuvier). While tiger	tiger	NOUN	sharks	NOUN	 sharks
George S. Parker reprinted the green cover label to read H. P. Ives, Geo. S. Parker & Co.	Co.	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In his defence speech of 80 BCE for Sextus Roscius (accused of having murdered his own father),	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Simon's relationship with Groening was strained and he left the show in 1993, negotiating a pay off which	which	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
In his review for Entertainment Weekly, Vozick Levinson wrote: " We are to understand that he is once	once	ADV	again	ADV	 again
To be able to run CP / M, which requires RAM at the bottom of the address space,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On 1 March 1946, the post of Commander in Chief was abolished and Sturdee became Chief of the General	General	PROPN	Staff	PROPN	 Staff
Booker subsequently won the next regular election for the Senate seat against Jeff Bell in 2014. Booker was born	born	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It normally selects the fruits positioned directly in front of its eyes, picking them one at a time with	with	ADP	some	DET	 some
On September 18, 2013, Cyrus unveiled four additional covers for the physical version of the deluxe record,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
[...] My storyline has come to an end, but there is a good indication that the writers	writers	NOUN	see	VERB	 see
A powerful Croatian baron, Paul Šubić, sent his brother, George, to Italy in early 1300 to	to	PART	convince	VERB	 convince
Fletcher scored both goals in each half, the first coming after he met Halliday's low cross at the	the	DET	back	ADJ	 back
Houston offered to appoint Ross as an aide de camp with the rank of colonel, but Ross refused.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Along with their better known brothers, Mick and Ray played first class cricket for Victoria, although the former	former	ADJ	moved	VERB	 moved
The seal for the end piers was thickened to 14 feet (4.3 m) and would be deposited through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
Fitzgerald Toussaint also scored on a one yard touchdown run in the third quarter. Later in the third quarter	quarter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The tidal heating per unit mass is given by the formula <formula>, where ρ is the (	(	PUNCT	mass	NOUN	mass
Vanmarcke said that he was " pleased with second place " as he had had a difficult race. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" For radical abolitionists like Garrison, the most important part of the Declaration was its assertion of the right	right	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly after his coronation, Gustav Vasa heard of the reformatory sermons delivered by Olaus Petri in Strängnäs and called	called	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He received two contract offers: an extension from the Miami Dolphins, and a contract from the Rams.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In 1983 the Brabham BT52, driven by Piquet and Italian Riccardo Patrese, was powered by the BMW M12	M12	PROPN	Straight	PROPN	 Straight
Following the first and second choruses, Cobain simultaneously sings the word " Yay " and performs a unison bend	bend	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Zirconium is a good nuclear fuel rod cladding metal, with the desirable properties of a very low neutron capture	capture	NOUN	cross	NOUN	 cross
Crockett was commended for his willingness to call Marsh in the face of public anger and for doing what others	others	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
A year later, the portions of the route west of Clarksons Crossroads and within Georgetown were upgraded to state	state	NOUN	highway	NOUN	 highway
In casual writing, this is sometimes abbreviated as PBUH or SAW; in printed matter, a small calligraphic	calligraphic	ADJ	rendition	NOUN	 rendition
He contracted more marriages and spent his long life engaged in religious performances and excessive drinking. Madhoji Bhonsle,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
Confined in the school's punishment room, Marie manages to escape with the help of a domestic servant,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1977, " Don't Let Me Wait Too Long " was considered for inclusion on Two Man Band	Band	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During the match, Helms attempted to leave, but was blocked by other cruiserweights who threw Helms back into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Austria lost over three million subjects, about one fifth of her total population, as a result of these	these	DET	territorial	ADJ	 territorial
In 2012, the eastern terminus of the business route was shifted easterly to follow Ann Arbor and Sargent roads	roads	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In San Juan Bautista only ruins remain. UNESCO listed the site under criteria IV and V, acknowledging the	the	DET	adaption	NOUN	 adaption
However, the last original song Smith played live was " Say Yes ". Smith died on October 21	21	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He then calls a meeting in which he adopts the persona of " Prison Mike. " Martin comments that	that	SCONJ	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
Approximately 40,115 individuals of Aboriginal heritage could not be counted during the 2006 census. This is due to the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
Conscription had been a contentious issue ever since Federation and when the AIF was initially raised in 1914 it had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
There were few female wrestlers in the area, so she worked in several matches against male wrestlers. The	The	DET	following	ADJ	 following
According to historian Paul Fussell, " In Flanders Fields " was the most popular poem of its era.	.	PUNCT	McCrae	NOUN	 McCrae
Based in Mogadishu, it constituted the executive branch of government. The Federal Government of Somalia was established on	on	ADP	20	NUM	 20
Extremely small radial velocity variations can be observed, of 1 m / s or even somewhat less. This	This	DET	method	NOUN	 method
The cistern contained a total capacity of 120,000 cubic meters and for centuries it formed part of Jerusalem's rainwater	rainwater	NOUN	storage	NOUN	 storage
The accompanying music video of " It Girl " was directed by Colin Tilley and filmed at a mansion in	in	ADP	Malibu	PROPN	 Malibu
In 53 BC, Crassus launched a Roman invasion of the Parthian Empire. After initial successes, he marched	marched	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Bread from the prison bakehouse was included in every meal in the convict era. It was served with black	black	ADJ	tea	NOUN	 tea
The Court of Appeals remanded the case to the District Court to determine the salvage award ($225 million	million	NUM	requested	VERB	 requested
Some had said that the database might lead to self fulfilling prophecies, where children from difficult backgrounds were treated	treated	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The war continued until 1100 or 1101. Danish king Eric Evergood, concerned that the conflict would escalate,	,	PUNCT	began	VERB	 began
Cooney's boss, Lewis Freedman, whom Cooney called " the grandfather of Sesame Street ", also attended	attended	VERB	the	DET	 the
Hawke portrayed Nando Parrado, one of the survivors of the crash. Hawke's next role was in the	the	DET	Generation	PROPN	 Generation
In 2006, there were 19 murders giving the city a rate of 10.5 per 100,000 people. In 2007	2007	NUM	the	DET	 the
When Madonna decided to create You Can Dance, she and Stephen Bray reworked the demo composed by Hudson and	and	CCONJ	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
A memorial was built across the ship's sunken remains, including a shrine room listing the names of the	the	DET	lost	VERB	 lost
This phosphorylation reaction is an equilibrium, which can be shifted by altering the proton motive force. In the	the	DET	absence	NOUN	 absence
Everyone in the office grows anxious as the premiere of the PBS TV documentary The Office: An American Workplace	Workplace	PROPN	draws	VERB	 draws
It is served by Carr Hill Primary School. There are two small parks that contribute to the social activity	activity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Aerial gameplay puts the main character atop his dragon, which is guided round by the player to attack enemy	enemy	NOUN	formations	NOUN	 formations
Against Victoria, Peel also scored 48 and 65 with the bat. He played a leading role in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The project had issues dealing with the vertical clearance of the overpass for U.S. Route 46 westbound. The removal	removal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Born to Make You Happy " received mixed reviews from critics, who praised it for being an early	early	ADJ	classic	NOUN	 classic
She began to feel alienated and was " snappish " as Keir watched for behavioral changes. Her behavior was	was	AUX	that	PRON	 that
Johnson recorded 22 songs for ARC over three days from November 23 to 27, 1936. During the first	first	ADJ	session	NOUN	 session
She was then seized by the German occupiers of Italy, who restored her original name. She was used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Hitchcock had long wanted to make a film based on the idea of Hamlet, with Grant in the lead	lead	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
Because not all the Ohlone bands shared a unified identity, and therefore have varying religious and spiritual beliefs,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Scott concluded, " It ’ s either a stylish or graphically strong cover or a sexist Smell the Glove	Glove	PROPN	travesty	NOUN	 travesty
West and Jay Z argued for four days about having them included on the Watch the Throne, however West	West	PROPN	eventually	ADV	 eventually
Nolan wrote the role with Watanabe in mind, as he wanted to work with him again after Batman Begins	Begins	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The settlement document adamantly states there is no admission of wrongdoing on Jackson's part and no admission of molestation	molestation	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
" It was announced that Raekwon of the Wu Tang Clan would also be featured on the song, who	who	PRON	West	PROPN	 West
Recent phylogenetic studies show that the Puerto Rican amazon is more closely related to the Hispaniolan amazon and the Cuban	Cuban	ADJ	amazon	NOUN	 amazon
Her message was simple: ' Hands off Russia! ' ' Bring the boys home! ' " After	After	SCONJ	Bryant	PROPN	 Bryant
Several temples are found in Goa, the well known ones being the temples at Sanquelim, Sanguem and Gokarna	Gokarna	PROPN	Math	PROPN	 Math
The Umayyads under the governor of Khurasan, Asad ibn Abdallah al Qasri, had invaded the principality of Khuttal	Khuttal	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
When Frederick III of Habsburg ascended to the throne, the Swiss suddenly faced a new situation in which they	they	PRON	could	AUX	 could
In combat with RAF Spitfires, Wilcke claimed his 13th victory at 11: 45 am on 10 October 1940	1940	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The label closed after Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham died, and Itchy Brother never recorded a full album on	on	ADP	Swan	PROPN	 Swan
In April 1965, construction began on the seven story 1325 Massachusetts Avenue NW, a Modernist building with broad	broad	ADJ	horizontal	ADJ	 horizontal
" For the remainder of his life, Constantine lived in London. He returned to legal practice and was	was	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
Moody's also warned that it would downgrade Enron's commercial paper rating, the consequence of which would likely	likely	ADV	prevent	VERB	 prevent
She continued to teach and then, while pregnant, received a Master of Education with a specialty in Reading	Reading	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
It was constructed in eight months, through the Chicago winter, using an onsite concrete mixing plant. This	This	DET	temporary	ADJ	 temporary
A Keralite identity, distinct from the Tamils, became linguistically separate during this period. For local administration,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The major exception was The Knickerbocker in which Lewis Gaylord Clark reported the murder as a " misfortunate accident "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Austro Hungarian 5th Army was commanded by Liborius Ritter von Frank. In total, the Austro Hungarians had	had	VERB	450,000	NUM	 450,000
Painting The Palace Museum holds close to 50,000 paintings. Of these, more than 400 date from before the	the	DET	Yuan	PROPN	 Yuan
People of 35 to 39 years of age comprised 6.1% of the population, 40- to 44 year olds	olds	NOUN	comprised	VERB	 comprised
The script went through several changes. The story itself was initially called " Creature of Lies ", and	and	CCONJ	Van	PROPN	 Van
The remnant low moved east northeastward until dissipating over West Virginia on June 21. The precursor to Bill produced	produced	VERB	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
At this time, the Belgians and the British concluded that the French were beaten and the Allied Armies in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Short range calls, long range calls, and alarm calls are also used. Nocturnal species are more constrained	constrained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The side of the ship was entirely covered with three to five layers of armor plates, of which the	the	DET	three	NUM	 three
Among the other feature films in which she appeared during the 1990s was Jane Campion's adaptation of the Henry	Henry	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
The Irregular at Magic High School franchise had been localized for English by two companies: The light novels and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
Metaphysics was abandoned and Greek became compulsory in the first year, followed by Aramaic, Syriac and Hebrew,	,	PUNCT	launching	VERB	 launching
In addition to the two Championships, the 2008 – 09 team reached the NCAA Championship game, but lost	lost	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The family were relatives of Hastings MP Musgrave Brisco and inheritors of the Pryce baronetcy. Along with one of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was written by Carey, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen and Johntá Austin, and produced by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Forming as a tropical depression on August 3, the storm supported strong thunderstorm activity and quickly organized. It	It	PRON	became	VERB	 became
To be able to plug in to that and let that carry you in to a performance is such a	a	DET	gas	NOUN	 gas
Much of this original wall was demolished when the enclosure was enlarged to the south around the turn of the	the	DET	16th	ADJ	 16th
Before colonisation, the lands surrounding Pine Creek, extending north to Brock's Creek, were traditionally associated with	with	ADP	another	DET	 another
And you can ’ t hate her. Because it's so incredibly human and understandable. " Yang's	's	PART	friendship	NOUN	 friendship
This represented a 600 mi (970 km) strategic withdrawal from the perimeter which had been planned in March	March	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Even before publication, the news was brought to the United States by Danish physicist Niels Bohr, who opened	opened	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ben Arfa appeared in the final three matches of the season for the team to bring his appearance total to	to	ADP	four	NUM	 four
The role of committees is stronger in the Scottish Parliament than in other parliamentary systems, partly as a means	means	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The route provides an alternate alignment of U.S. Route 9 through South Toms River and Toms River. The southern	southern	ADJ	terminus	NOUN	 terminus
In 1951, Bouchard was involved in a legal first when he was a defendant in a lawsuit brought by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
At that moment, a Turkish soldier said to Alp Arslan, " My Sultan, the enemy army is	is	AUX	approaching	VERB	 approaching
Most notably, the episode's title is a reference to The War of the Worlds and the town this	this	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Sociological research by Yukio Hattori reveals that the Konparu School (ja: 金春流), arguably the oldest school	school	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Everything goes easy with this setup and we don ’ t want any extra risk factors ". Mastering for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thorne declared Spook Country a more substantial novel than its predecessor on this basis. John Casimir of The Sydney	Sydney	PROPN	Morning	PROPN	 Morning
IV Corps ' position was cloaked by dense mist during the early stage of the battle; in fact how	how	SCONJ	long	ADV	 long
A promotional tour for the album began later that year, including a sold out show at Tramps in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
It was well received by critics; Patrick Gann of RPGFan called the album " an insanely good soundtrack "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Rahman was unsure how to answer, but after exchanging several more emails, they met in Mumbai. Rahman	Rahman	PROPN	summarized	VERB	 summarized
Beginning in late June, all enlisted personnel received their indoctrination and specialized training at this station. The recruits	recruits	NOUN	'	PART	 '
At the time, the German East Asia Squadron consisted of the protected cruisers Kaiserin Augusta, Hansa, Hertha	Hertha	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Meet the Parents was released on VHS & DVD on March 6, 2001. The DVD sales for the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Along with the rest of South West England, Somerset has a temperate climate which is generally wetter and milder	milder	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
The Los Angeles City Attorney's office represented the State of California on appeal. In their brief, the	the	DET	City	PROPN	 City
The Communist Party of India demanded stringent action against those inciting violence and asked democratic forces to launch a united	united	ADJ	struggle	NOUN	 struggle
This arrangement proved inefficient, however, as 12 B 29 sorties between India and China were needed to transport	transport	VERB	enough	ADJ	 enough
The 14th Army, comprising three divisions, was based in Murmansk. Its objective was to capture the Arctic	Arctic	PROPN	port	NOUN	 port
Although Shirley Manson's morose dispositions have a presence on the record, many of the songs share a more	more	ADV	optimistic	ADJ	 optimistic
During the production of the episode, the cast and crew were informed by NBC that the show would be	be	AUX	picked	VERB	 picked
These shared traits are more similar among species that share a more recent common ancestor, and can be used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
Hester's return also kept a streak alive for there being a kickoff return for a touchdown in each Super	Super	PROPN	Bowl	PROPN	 Bowl
Between 0700 and 0800 UTC, Omeka brushed Lisianski Island. Around 0900 UTC, the CPHC issued their final	final	ADJ	advisory	NOUN	 advisory
Under Bezbatchenko, Toronto FC made several high profile moves during the 2013 – 14 off season. Among the	the	DET	transfers	NOUN	 transfers
Wildfires in Canada and the US burn an average of 54,500 square kilometers (13,000,000 acres) per year.	.	PUNCT	Above	ADP	 Above
The disability may be a result of double amputation of both arms and hands or dysmelia of the upper limbs	limbs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
(later known as Rocky), Melinda, and Diana. Penny left Roy in the early 1980s,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" The reviewer for The New York Times was impressed by Crane's realistic portrayal of war, writing that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He soon becomes imprisoned by Lucifer, who tries to tempt Castiel into joining him, pointing out they are	are	AUX	both	PRON	 both
Ski bottoms are designed to provide a gliding surface and, for classic skis, a traction zone under foot	foot	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Four 21 inch (530 mm) submerged torpedo tubes were fitted, one each in the bow, stern	stern	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The Hawaiian people had many names for Sirius, including Aa (" glowing "), Hoku kauopae,	,	PUNCT	Kau	PROPN	 Kau
She spent the rest of her life in and out of hospitals, and was rarely in contact with Monroe	Monroe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This makes her a five time champion overall. In 2009, Perez became the first woman to have won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
" President of Russia Vladimir Putin answered to early objections to the then proposed bill in April 2013 by stating	stating	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
New York fell out of contention for the AL pennant in May, falling to seventh place after playing games	games	NOUN	away	ADV	 away
The annual amount payable is 1 ⁄ 30 of the person's highest annual salary for every completed year of	of	ADP	service	NOUN	 service
In 1975, the slogan was used to advertise for the Tareyton " 100 ". In 1976, the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
Radical parties like the Association Démocratique, founded in 1847 at the instigation of Karl Marx, who had briefly	briefly	ADV	lived	VERB	 lived
His brother Abd al Rahman defeated and killed Khamjird's troops in battle and took 4,000 prisoners, who were	were	AUX	then	ADV	 then
The Usher introduces the proceedings by exhorting the jury to listen to the broken hearted Plaintiff's case but telling	telling	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Brentwood Academy is a private high school that fields interscholastic teams as a member of TSSAA. Brentwood was highly	highly	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
During these travels he had a brief romance with Henrietta Ewa Ankwiczówna, but class differences again prevented his marrying	marrying	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Named a " sensation ", " phenomenon ", or other hyped up words in his first two years	years	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the following table of the movements, the scoring follows the Neue Bach Ausgabe. The keys and time	time	NOUN	signatures	NOUN	 signatures
Murdoch batted through the innings for 82 not out, making him the hero in the eyes of the locals	locals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2010, the SEC received $900,000 for sending a team to the game, while the Big East	East	PROPN	received	VERB	 received
The second half of the Giro began with a long and challenging individual time trial in Cinque Terre. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
This " extreme case of subsidizing " funded all college expenses for football players, plus " paychecks " to	to	ADP	top	ADJ	 top
He also wished the Duchy of Parma to be restored to the Parmese Bourbons, and not to Empress Marie	Marie	PROPN	Louise	PROPN	 Louise
There was no special effects, no messing around — it was just in there singing it with a lot	lot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The DVD charted on the UK Music Video chart at number four, for the issue dated December 3,	,	PUNCT	2011	NUM	 2011
The yards went into a long period of decline, interrupted only by the Second World War's temporary expansion	expansion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another brace followed shortly after in a 3 – 3 draw against York City, as well as scoring the	the	DET	winner	NOUN	 winner
The team later chose to design a first person wizard combat game. As the team had developed only competitive	competitive	ADJ	multiplayer	NOUN	 multiplayer
The only internationally recognized authority for naming celestial bodies is the International Astronomical Union (IAU). A number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Orchid reached her peak of 145 mph (233 km / h) winds on the 23rd, before vertical	vertical	ADJ	shear	NOUN	 shear
" On first down, Smith caught a 20 yard reception from Lamonica, while a 15 yard penalty was	was	AUX	assessed	VERB	 assessed
Most of those who choose to transcend become Reapers, the opponents of players in future Games. Lasting a	a	DET	week	NOUN	 week
" Though a commercial success, Rainbow became Carey's lowest selling album to that point in her career.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
Big Drum was similar to the other D Day naval deceptions, but without an airborne component. Task Force	Force	PROPN	C	PROPN	 C
The outer rainbands of Manuel began to produce moisture over the region on September 18, and continued until September	September	PROPN	21	NUM	 21
1044 – 1077) attempted to move the image to Pagan, without success. In 1784, the Burmese	Burmese	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
He worked as an art dealer as a young man, but became depressed after he was transferred to London	London	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Krycek aims his gun at Mulder and tells him to get out. Krycek is about to pull the trigger	trigger	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
Martin hoped the planned five year break would ease the situation and age the children to almost adults in terms	terms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The portion of NY 86 north of Harrietstown was once NY 192. NY 86 begins at NY 30 in	in	ADP	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
Since 2006, the weekend has been Friday Saturday, as a compromise between Friday's holiness to Muslims and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Three days later, the team beat Blackburn Rovers 3 – 0 to set a new record. Arsenal at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fourth season of Enterprise was moved to Friday nights on UPN network. The first episode of " Storm	Storm	PROPN	Front	PROPN	 Front
A similar operation was undertaken to free the Anro Asia when it ran aground near Caloundra, Queensland, in	in	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
In its display caption for Triptych – August 1972 the Tate gallery wrote, " What death has not already	already	ADV	consumed	VERB	 consumed
Berlin had little in the way of fortifications or artillery (or even Volkssturm units), as almost everything	everything	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Little is known about Libby's life prior to the island. She states in " The Other 48 Days	Days	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The members of the Committee of Safety met at Fort Chiswell on June 11, 1776, and drafted a	a	DET	letter	NOUN	 letter
The invasion won the support of a great part of the English nobility, including Edmund's brother Thomas,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
’ So I talked to the director, who had been on season 1, and he goes, ‘	‘	PUNCT	Oh	INTJ	 Oh
Spike and Elektra separately head to confront Vincent. Spike arrives first and the two battle to a standstill,	,	PUNCT	then	ADV	 then
Spider Man pursues the Green Goblin and his alternative versions. After he defeats the alternative Goblins, Spider Man	Man	PROPN	fights	VERB	 fights
The North American record for the highest average yearly snowfall is 1,630 cm (53.5 ft), measured on	on	ADP	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
Shortly thereafter, the ridge over Australia began to rebuild and prompted Rusty to drift south southeast. Interaction with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The other students vow to make the rest of the semester a living hell for him, but realize they	they	PRON	graduate	VERB	 graduate
But throughout the Middle Ages the population of the towns probably never exceeded 10 per cent of the total population	population	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
,) but rather by a sense of entitlement which arises from exceptional and deep rooted self confidence. (	(	PUNCT	Russell	PROPN	Russell
In an act of brazen public satire, the two brothel owners request that the aristocrat act on the behalf	behalf	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Staying at number two for its fourth consecutive week on the Hot Latin Songs chart, " Fotos y Recuerdos	Recuerdos	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The losses among the ship's crew are unknown, but were supposedly light. The ship was stricken from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
An exception was 1877, when a poor economy and little demand for cents created one of the rarest dates	dates	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In recognition of his services to the music industry and popular culture, he was made a Knight Bachelor in	in	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
Following World War II and the Holocaust, large numbers of Hasidic and haredi Jewish refugees immigrated to Williamsburg.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After struggling to affirm a place in the team, he was released by Alfreton on 28 January 2009.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In the developmental transition from God of War III to Ascension, one of the graphics engineers, Cedric Perthuis	Perthuis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He described Jack Benny as " very warm and approachable [...] He was a guy who dug the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
The port was produced as a result of feedback from fans of the series and was viewed as a means	means	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The continuing financial reporting problems had cost the company some $500 million in accountants ' fees and related costs	costs	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
A two disc promotional soundtrack was available for Club Nintendo members who registered both the 3DS and Wii U games	games	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The Crimson Tide opened the scoring on their second offensive play when Eddie Lacy had a 73 yard touchdown run	run	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
However, it was rejected and important persons in Britain gradually learned what their intentions were, and on April	April	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Turner was impressed by the translation of " Hikari " into English, and felt Utada's vocals were a	a	DET	good	ADJ	 good
Many drug interactions can increase the effect of warfarin, also causing an overdose. For people who need rapid	rapid	ADJ	reversal	NOUN	 reversal
In April 1970, Newman released his second album, 12 Songs, a collection featuring spare arrangements with simple	simple	ADJ	instrumental	ADJ	 instrumental
The idea of the Orient Express came from two sources: Fleming had returned from the Istanbul conference in 1955	1955	NUM	by	ADP	 by
This match saw York draw 0 – 0 at home before a crowd of 28,123, the club's record	record	NOUN	highest	ADJ	 highest
The October Crisis and the 1976 election of the Parti Québécois, supporting sovereign status for Quebec, resulted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Towards the end of 1942 he was released from his plaster jacket and fitted with a spinal brace, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Loosening of removable denture retention: 33 percent Dentures needing to be relined or having a retentive clip fracture:	:	PUNCT	16	NUM	 16
On April 9, 1880 at Stoll Field, Transylvania University (then called Kentucky University) beat Centre College	College	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
In the last session, Bradman brought up one of his slowest ever centuries, as Yardley focused on stopping	stopping	VERB	runs	NOUN	 runs
It was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. The	The	DET	regiment	NOUN	 regiment
Leuchtenberg himself was ambivalent. According to one account, initially Felix declared that Tschaikovsky was his sister Franziska,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" Man's perception of himself and the world around him are also constantly questioned; the correspondent regularly refers	refers	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The book's release in 1930 was well received, though it did not achieve the earlier book's sales	sales	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A population of Transcaucasian black feral cats was once classified as Felis daemon (Satunin 1904) but now this	this	DET	population	NOUN	 population
Sharp's wife Eliza witnessed the entire scene from the top of the stairs in the house, but Beauchamp	Beauchamp	PROPN	fled	VERB	 fled
The power station also has a jetty on the River Ouse, with a loading capacity of 200 tonnes- historically	historically	ADV	the	DET	 the
Instead of waiting nine ' story ' months for Fauxlivia's baby to pop out, we've already got	got	VERB	the	DET	 the
The body buried at Gloucester Cathedral was said to be that of the porter of Berkeley Castle, killed by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
She displaced 4,268 t (4,201 long tons) at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two	two	NUM	Parsons	PROPN	 Parsons
The 15th RWF had fallen behind the protective creeping barrage to their front and came under fire from a German	German	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
The ride is based on the animated television series The Simpsons. It was first announced in 2007 and replaced	replaced	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ultimately, up to 3,000 metres (9,800 ft) of sediment was deposited in the basin, and the	the	DET	sea	NOUN	 sea
Contributing to the illegal trade, there are a number of tiger farms in the country specialising in breeding the	the	DET	cats	NOUN	 cats
Approximately 2.2 seconds after the VR callout, the nose gear left the ground. The final report read that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Alternatively some 20th century scholars have suggested different years, such as 568 or 569. Muhammads ' father,	,	PUNCT	Abdullah	PROPN	 Abdullah
In July 2002, Italy signed a contract with the Tornado Management Agency (NETMA) and Panavia for the	the	DET	upgrading	NOUN	 upgrading
These ratings marked an increase from the previous episode, which had attracted 10.6 percent of the population and 17	17	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
No formal event or festival was complete without banquets, which necessitated catering companies. The entertainment quarters of Kaifeng	Kaifeng	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The court sentenced her to one day in custody which she had been deemed to have served having spent a	a	DET	full	ADJ	 full
Ramírez said he was not trying to hit Torrealba, and he was not ejected from the game or disciplined	disciplined	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Many specialist shops, traditional pubs and local restaurants can be found in the hidden corners, squares and lanes	lanes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Logan, Veronica's on again, off again boyfriend, visits Veronica in her cell and they are civil	civil	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Creating abilities for Arthur posed their own challenges, as there were not a lot of opportunities to put the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
On lap 8, Reutimann took back the lead from Jeff Gordon. One lap later, Jeff Gordon dropped	dropped	VERB	a	DET	 a
Vocational training is important to teach job interview etiquette and workplace behavior to older children and adults with AS,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Cunningham married Ethel Minnie Dance of Waihi on 23 September 1907. Cunningham first played representative rugby union for Auckland	Auckland	PROPN	province	NOUN	 province
Ruler 10 is associated with a monument dating to 904 in the Terminal Classic and a monument dating to 909	909	NUM	bears	NOUN	 bears
The release also coincided with public condemnation of Lennon's treatment of Cynthia, and of his and Ono's	's	PART	joint	ADJ	 joint
They used 100 new barrels and all of the water — including the men's drinking water and the contents	contents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The western subspecies has longer wings, a longer beak, shorter toes, and is more muted and lighter	lighter	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Dewar performed so well in Britannia, that upon graduation, he was appointed Midshipman straight away, which normally	normally	ADV	required	VERB	 required
The HV sometimes deployed to Bosnia and Herzegovina to support the HVO. In April 1992, the JNA began	began	VERB	offensive	ADJ	 offensive
Greater Manchester's 85 miles (137 km) of motorway network saw 5.8 billion vehicle kilometres in 2002 –	–	PUNCT	about	ADV	 about
He took his name from the 1978 arcade game Space Invaders, and much of his work is composed of	of	ADP	square	ADJ	 square
Populations of alligator gar have been extirpated from much of their historic range as a result of habitat destruction,	,	PUNCT	indiscriminate	VERB	 indiscriminate
The bireme Italian style galleys remained the mainstay of Mediterranean fleets until the late 13th century, although again,	,	PUNCT	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
He also won the $300 438 player No Limit Hold 'em Bounty $100,000 Guarantee at the 2009 L.A.	L.A.	PROPN	Poker	PROPN	 Poker
However, under Grainge v Wilberforce, such a sub trust will only be held to be valid if there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
This corps, which became known as the Pulaski Cavalry Legion, was recruited mainly in Baltimore, where it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 22, 1998. It was written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Several other prominent politicians, including former presidents Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush	Bush	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Opeth supported Heritage with a tour that would last for over 200 tour dates. The tour was the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
In Vatomandry, Manou severely damaged the main hospital, several schools, and the prison. The storm disrupted	disrupted	VERB	power	NOUN	 power
All welding of tantalum must be done in an inert atmosphere of argon or helium in order to shield it	it	PRON	from	ADP	 from
The tenth named storm of the 2008 Pacific hurricane season, it developed from a tropical wave on August 23	23	NUM	off	ADP	 off
On June 15, 2015, it was announced that The Weinstein Company was moving ahead with another Halloween sequel	sequel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In turn, McCay turned to his former schoolmate, John Monash, whom he had appointed to the command	command	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to New York City Transit officials, trees also fell on tracks, which slowed transportation services during rush	rush	NOUN	hour	NOUN	 hour
Oxford finished with a time of 18 minutes, 4 seconds, Cambridge finished 8 seconds behind. It was	was	AUX	Oxford	PROPN	 Oxford
" The recitative " Mein Jesu, ziehe mich, so werd ich laufen " (" My Jesus,	,	PUNCT	draw	VERB	 draw
The first section behind the prostomium, called the peristomium (Greek περι- meaning " around " and στομα meaning	meaning	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
At the western end of the Great Colonnade at Palmyra, a shrine designated the " Funerary Temple no.	.	PROPN	86	NUM	 86
The Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, features various poems that mention Hel	Hel	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Soon after, his brother, Liam Pace (Neil Hopkins), tells Charlie that Drive Shaft has gotten	gotten	VERB	a	DET	 a
The basic equipment or kit players are required to wear includes a shirt, shorts, socks, footwear and	and	CCONJ	adequate	ADJ	 adequate
They assumed most players would not have played the original Syndicate games. The team also considered that because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
So we're transferring not just the camera motion but also the performance of the actors on set onto 3D	3D	ADJ	pieces	NOUN	 pieces
Delayed relaxation after testing the ankle jerk reflex is a characteristic sign of hypothyroidism and is associated with the severity	severity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He assembled a collection of video footage of the figure he was preparing to impersonate and watched this continually until	until	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Even when fired properly, the Projector gave off a large cloud of smoke which could take up to a	a	DET	minute	NOUN	 minute
Many sites there were completely laid waste and not rebuilt during this period — something a Pharaoh bent on conquest	conquest	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 17 May, Bobetko ordered a major attack of the two full guards brigades. The 1st Guards Brigade	Brigade	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
By the CBA's expiration in March 2011, the NFLPA and the NFL had not yet come to terms	terms	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
– William H. Seward On September 28, 1842, after exhausting his final appeal, Colt was sentenced to	to	ADP	death	NOUN	 death
Garfunkel also briefly pursued an acting career, with leading roles in two Mike Nichols films, Catch 22 and	and	CCONJ	Carnal	PROPN	 Carnal
However, amid its parent's poor financial situation following the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 incident, MAE was unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The color is yellow brown or tan often with a darker center, then pale yellow or buff from the	the	DET	margin	NOUN	 margin
That same evening, two further insurrectionary attempts failed in the Sơn Dương sector. A raid on the Garde	Garde	PROPN	indigène	ADJ	 indigène
She later discovered the truth when featured in an episode of the UK genealogy series Who Do You Think You	You	PRON	Are	AUX	 Are
" Since first announcing his plans for a television series, progress slowed, reportedly due to the 2007 –	–	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
These slopes are generally found on mountainous ridges. However, there are some similarly steep slopes in the middle	middle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bruce made wide ranging reforms and mounted a comprehensive nation building program in government, but his controversial handling of	of	ADP	industrial	ADJ	 industrial
It was discovered in 1981 by Steven M. Weinreb and Steven Nahm as a method to synthesize ketones. The	The	DET	original	ADJ	 original
Rooms were often organized into suites, with front rooms larger than rear, interior, and storage rooms or	or	CCONJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Rotation of the sphere and reprojection results in a continuous mapping of the elliptical orbits without changing the energy;	;	PUNCT	quantum	PROPN	 quantum
Dan Compora of SyFy Portal enjoyed seeing dead characters in flashbacks and commended Perrineau's performance and character's story	story	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In January 2014, Newell revealed that the average Steam Workshop contributor for Dota 2 and Team Fortess 2 made	made	VERB	approximately	ADV	 approximately
He was an autodidact with an interest in music and literature. Determined that his sons would not work in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It stayed on the chart for 13 weeks, until peaking at number 67 on the chart. The song	song	NOUN	debuted	VERB	 debuted
The song was also treated with different remixes done by producers such as Rodney Jerkins. In an interview with	with	ADP	MTV	PROPN	 MTV
A promotional video for the remix was also shot. Rob Walker of Slate considered the video " interesting because	because	SCONJ	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
On the morning of June 28, Lee launched the attack, beginning the Battle of Monmouth. During the	the	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
Oh said of her character: " I've always tried to play Cristina with a tremendous amount of focus	focus	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The 1996 Summer Olympics took place in Atlanta early in Clough's tenure. In 1998, he split the	the	DET	Ivan	PROPN	 Ivan
For the show's twenty ninth season, Thornton was chosen to be the new announcer for Wheel, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In winning the 100 meter backstroke, Peirsol became the first person to swim the event in under 52 seconds	seconds	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Whales are creatures of the open ocean; they feed, mate, give birth, suckle and raise their	their	PRON	young	ADJ	 young
According to Mojo, the release was " hailed as a revolution in the way major bands sell their music	music	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A total of 15,045 all electric cars and vans were registered in 2014, up 7.8% from 2013.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
John of Fordun indicates that Rùm was " with excellent sport, but few inhabitants " and " a wooded	wooded	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The opposition objected to the expense, and Canada East representatives feared that French Canadians would have to fight in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Subsequently the 29th Battalion was amalgamated with the 22nd in 1930, forming the 29th / 22nd Battalion, although	although	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The two live together for three years before Desmond finds out that Inman is secretly planning on escaping the island	island	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
Some characters have an easier time recovering onto the stage than others due to their moves and abilities. Additionally	Additionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The improved road would be part of a state highway extending from the village of Whitehall to the Vermont state	state	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
At the time, there were a total of twenty counties located in the region, compared to twenty three	three	NUM	presently	ADV	 presently
Toy cars and vans were used in long shot, while scale vehicles were equipped with basic steering and suspension	suspension	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
At 14: 30 PAVN troops hidden at the bottom of the hill launched a massed assault from the rear	rear	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These comparisons could be taken to imply that submarine commanders did have more difficulty in deciding where a ship was	was	AUX	heading	VERB	 heading
The Chancery started as the personal staff of the Lord Chancellor, described as " a great secretarial bureau,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Alan Poole from the Coventry Evening Telegraph wrote that the Sugababes " underline their versatility " on the track.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
" He was arrested and jailed on a horse theft charge on April 6, 1871. However he was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Bob fakes his own death and locks Bart in the coffin, which he attempts to cremate at the otherwise	otherwise	ADV	empty	ADJ	 empty
Throughout the 1990s, Daisy Jugadai was a regular exhibitor at the Araluen Art Centre in Alice Springs, and	and	CCONJ	well	ADV	 well
After posting seven shutouts in his previous eleven starts, he was only able to tally six more in his	his	PRON	remaining	VERB	 remaining
Social life revolves around the agricultural year, with preparation of fields beginning in October, the harvest of rice	rice	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The HOS are issued, among other industry related regulations, by the FMCSA. In this instance, federal	federal	ADJ	regulations	NOUN	 regulations
A notable feature is the triple height entrance hall; it is the core of the building, surrounded by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first case of hyperinsulinism due to a tumor of this type was reported in 1927. Recognition of a	a	DET	non	ADJ	 non
A chance observation " thoroughly aroused " Darwin's attention to a surprising decrease in vigour of the offspring of	of	ADP	Linaria	PROPN	 Linaria
Total viewership for its season five premiere was 17.3 million, the most watched series episode in cable history.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Soon after the discovery, separate teams, one led by David Charbonneau including Timothy Brown and others, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The sixth tropical storm of the season, Elena developed from a tropical wave to the south of Louisiana on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
Finally, in 895 Caliph al Mu'tadid launched a determined attack to recover the Jazira. Hamdan fled before the	the	DET	Caliph	PROPN	 Caliph
There are four boroughs and thirteen townships in Juniata County. The county is served by two school districts:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
However, the British Government's review and simplification of their awards system provided an ideal opportunity for New Zealand	Zealand	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The band arrived by armoured car. After the 1965 tour's final concert, which took place at Cow	Cow	PROPN	Palace	PROPN	 Palace
Maurolico also designed an ornate fountain, built by the sculptor Giovanni Angelo Montorsoli in 1547, in which Orion	Orion	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
West is telling us, over the course of 11 songs, that he ’ s willing to die for	for	ADP	our	PRON	 our
On July 19, 2009, Cosme was booked to defeat Dennis Rivera in the promotion's tenth anniversary event	event	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Both are buried in the churchyard. St Mary's Church is the parish church for the village of Llanfair	Llanfair	PROPN	yng	INTJ	 yng
While local Land League leaders said that there would be no trouble from them if the aim was simply to	to	PART	harvest	VERB	 harvest
" The Possum " outperformed a repeat of Grey's Anatomy on ABC, which drew 4.5 million viewers,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result, two or more Aarons now inhabit the same timeline, sharing information of future events,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
While playing for the Harrisburg Senators the next season, he was suspended seven games for starting a fight after	after	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
He then captained the Under 19 team in 1991, before making his first appearance for Canterbury in 1992.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The 1982 Logger arcade game from Century Electronics is a direct clone of Donkey Kong, with a large bird	bird	NOUN	standing	VERB	 standing
The JTWC's peak intensity for Emma was 65 km / h (40 mph) one minute sustained,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
At this time, the Peak lordship was worth around £300 a year. At the outbreak of the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
Marshal's sons inherited the castle after their father's death; Marshal left the castle to his eldest son	son	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Poland, the cochineal trade was mostly monopolized by Jewish merchants, who bought the dye from peasants in	in	ADP	Red	PROPN	 Red
These actions became known as Peaceful Penetrations and were essentially a cross between trench raids and patrolling. Their success	success	NOUN	relied	VERB	 relied
The town council first met on 1 December 1894 when it took over from the Parochial Committee, and since	since	SCONJ	1995	NUM	 1995
The bill received assent on 26 July 1910 as the London Electric Railway Amalgamation Act, 1910. In November	November	PROPN	1910	NUM	 1910
Miller retained his place for the match against New South Wales, but was out for 14 in both innings	innings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Follino's enthusiasm was echoed in other reports made by dignitaries to their own courts. The ambassador for the	the	DET	House	PROPN	 House
At the other end of the scale the fire at Windsor Castle in 1992 opened up a national debate about	about	ADP	how	SCONJ	 how
Walker calls Momma's way a " strategy of subtle resistance " and McPherson calls it " the dignified course	course	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Moving slowly across the profile of the ocean like horizon, uttering a shrill, barking neigh, of which	which	PRON	its	PRON	 its
By 22: 00 on 7 July, the bombers had departed, leaving 80 percent of the north of	of	ADP	Caen	PROPN	 Caen
Further storylines include Dr. Preston Burke (Isaiah Washington) recovering from his gunshot wound and Denny Duquette's (	(	PUNCT	Jeffrey	PROPN	Jeffrey
" The prominent literary academic Harold Bloom has called it Joyce's masterpiece, and wrote that " [if	if	SCONJ	]	X	]
When large amounts of prey are available, whales such as certain mysticetes hunt cooperatively in small groups. Some	Some	DET	cetaceans	NOUN	 cetaceans
In The Psychology of the Religious Life he laid out his definition of religion as an appreciative feeling toward an	an	DET	unseen	ADJ	 unseen
Original settlers were squatters. The granting of a 100 acre (40 ha) lease to Richard Armstrong in	in	ADP	1878	NUM	 1878
When Blamey relinquished command of New Guinea Force on 30 January 1943, he handed over temporary command to Mackay	Mackay	PROPN	to	PART	 to
German preparations along the Atlantic Wall were only partially finished; shortly before D Day Rommel reported that construction was	was	AUX	only	ADV	 only
Since airing, the episode has received positive reviews from fans and television critics. The authors of the book	book	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
" Bryan had made no arrangements for formal nominating speeches given the short timeframe, and was surprised when word	word	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He was a consensus All American in 1938, the first player from the Gogebic Range area of Michigan ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
Reviewers gave Riley's rendition a very positive reception, the best of those given to the ten songs that	that	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In small populations, fixation can occur in just a few generations. The mechanisms of genetic drift can be	be	AUX	illustrated	VERB	 illustrated
Due to their prolific breeding in captivity, there is a very low demand for Convict fry, and one	one	PRON	may	AUX	 may
Additionally, he claimed it was more evident with each passing scene of the video, as each of the	the	DET	lonely	ADJ	 lonely
Jackson would appear at the side of the stage in a cherry picker, starting off " Beat It "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
This is not the real wedding. ' But I think it ’ s just one of those moments that	that	SCONJ	every	DET	 every
Gregarious in nature, the pink whipray has been known to form large active and resting aggregations, and associate	associate	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The only officer in the party, he found it hard to form close relationships with his companions. His	His	PRON	position	NOUN	 position
The first electric locomotive entered service on 2 January 1896, the electrified network going live fifteen days ahead of	of	ADP	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
After debating on what to do now, they discover a third, new door in the Abyss of Time	Time	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
And EPCOT will always be a showcase to the world for the ingenuity and imagination of American free enterprise.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Or pick up some Curious perfume. Or you know, possibly both ". The music video won the	the	DET	category	NOUN	 category
The dingo was introduced by Austronesian people who traded with Indigenous Australians around 3000 BCE. Many animal and plant	plant	NOUN	species	NOUN	 species
In the 1990s and 2000s, the tradition of bringing new immigrant groups to the city continued. As of	of	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
Rivero studied at the National War College and in 1954 he became Assistant Chief of Staff for Naval Operations.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
All are delighted with the scheme, and importune Schicchi with personal requests for Buoso's various possessions, the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
In 2013 Lena became a L ' Oréal testimonial for hair coloring and skin care product series. From March	March	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
It's not about sight gags or clever puns. It's not about parodying the sitcom form. This	This	DET	sweet	ADJ	 sweet
On 1 August 1995 he was ritually anointed as the Jagadguru Ramanandacharya in Ayodhya by the Digambar Akhara. Thereafter	Thereafter	ADV	he	PRON	 he
" Because the original voice of Suzy Creamcheese, Jeannie Vassoir, was unavailable, Pamela Lee Zarubica took over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Prior to the premiere of New Year's Rockin ' Eve, the most well known New Year's Eve	Eve	PROPN	program	NOUN	 program
" Monotype has released two separate digitisations named Bembo and more recently Bembo Book, as well as the more	more	ADV	slender	ADJ	 slender
Born in Manchester, Higginbotham started his career at his local club Manchester United. He made seven appearances at	at	ADP	Old	PROPN	 Old
Five months later, on December 12, 2001, Brewer was named to the final Canadian roster for the	the	DET	tournament	NOUN	 tournament
The historian N. J. Higham offers another explanation for their attendance, arguing that Æthelberht sent the pair to the	the	DET	council	NOUN	 council
The report highlighted the problems facing the network at that time and noted that capacity on Illawarra Line trains was	was	AUX	often	ADV	 often
It has a Jovian planet companion (GJ 3021 b). Orbiting about 0.5 AU from its sun,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
This was in contrast to Saw, in which most of the violence was implied off screen. Saw II	II	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Shortly after attaining tropical storm status, the previously broad circulation consolidated as banding features developed. The inner core	core	NOUN	gradually	ADV	 gradually
" I wanted to share him with everybody and show everybody how kind and sweet he is, " said	said	VERB	Baffert	PROPN	 Baffert
Many such groups have been attempting to gain new recruits and increase their political influence by rebranding themselves as defenders	defenders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That year, he was named the Mid Continent Conference co Pitcher of the Year. Hennessey was drafted by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film began as a short for an NYU class but grew due to his two episodes as host,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Mickey relays this message to Sora through the bottled letter shown at the end of Kingdom Hearts II. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
She is a knight senior to Yuri and Flynn and is the little sister of the twins. She was	was	AUX	earlier	ADV	 earlier
The project was Cole's first collaboration with R & B producer Dallas Austin. Rashod Ollison of The Virginian	Virginian	PROPN	Pilot	PROPN	 Pilot
He had long admired a crocodile skeleton at Aberdeen's Medico Chirurgical Society. In 1866 he borrowed it,	,	PUNCT	ostensibly	ADV	 ostensibly
Transportation costs are often lower for weekend travelers. Hotels have few business travelers during the weekend, making it	it	PRON	much	ADV	 much
During World War II, Duke was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V	V	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
The storm continued to intensify, becoming a very severe cyclonic storm on May 12. That day, the	the	DET	JTWC	PROPN	 JTWC
A second plan to acquire two small cruisers was dropped with the beginning of the Second World War. Soon	Soon	ADV	after	ADP	 after
The printing process used up to 12 colours and, as was his usual practice, a hand press.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
" Peter Robinson from Observer Music Monthly declared that the album ranks alongside Madonna's other albums like True Blue	Blue	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
They periodically fought each other in the shape of animals or flames. Their battles were often accompanied by storms	storms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1930, she was elected a member of the International Atomic Weights Committee where she served until her death	death	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The center span of the Mississippi River bridge was installed on June 29, 1966. The 237 foot long	long	ADV	(	PUNCT	 (
Michigan then defeated the (# 22, 20) Ohio State Buckeyes at Value City Arena, the first	first	ADJ	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
Eagle carried 16 Sea Hurricanes of 801 and 813 Squadrons as well as four reserve aircraft for the operation.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In June 1888, at the Chicago Opera House, Little Tich starred in The Crystal Slipper, a burlesque	burlesque	NOUN	loosely	ADV	 loosely
In addition to taking songwriting classes, Kesha was also taught how to write songs by Pebe, and they	they	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The mainshock (which was described as a multiple rupture, with four subevents in the initial 80 seconds)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
By the early 1970s, this system of demarcation was described as " archaic " and " grossly inadequate to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
In the north wing was the brewhouse and the parlour, with two chambers above them, the latter possibly	possibly	ADV	used	VERB	 used
" In the United Kingdom, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at No. 5 during the week	week	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On April 18, 2007, President of the United States George W. Bush honored Librescu at a memorial service	service	NOUN	held	VERB	 held
He " loved " those two soundtracks, and composed a few pieces in their style. A few months	months	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Although he was presumably given a friendly reception in his interview with a sympathetic King George, the public and	and	CCONJ	private	ADJ	 private
The current weapon equipped is always displayed in the bottom right corner, with the ammunition count. Depending on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
This episode marked the first appearances of the characters Shelley and Sharon Marsh, Stan's sister and mother respectively	respectively	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Nixon administration officials feared that this project could be the beginning of the end of American aerospace leadership. There	There	PRON	was	VERB	 was
Berger designed Jason's skin to overlap with the mask, to make it appear as if the skin and	and	CCONJ	mask	NOUN	 mask
After Filchner's attempts to establish a land base at Vahsel Bay failed, his ship Deutschland was trapped on	on	ADP	6	NUM	 6
At the time these winds were measured, a barometric pressure of 972 mbar (hPa; 28.7 inHg)	)	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The dominant landowning class channeled most of the economic burden on to the peasantry, in the form of higher	higher	ADJ	rents	NOUN	 rents
His college years were interrupted by service in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. Chappuis flew	flew	VERB	21	NUM	 21
The writers for the episode researched various abductee reports and conspiracy theories in order to get the right feel for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Manchester became an important centre for the manufacture and trade of woollens and linen, and by about 1540,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
The Union also built a military hospital on Hilton Head Island with a 1,200 foot (370 m) frontage	frontage	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Of the incomplete SCI syndromes, Brown Séquard and central cord syndromes have the best prognosis for recovery and anterior	anterior	ADJ	cord	NOUN	 cord
" In his eight seasons with the show Hartman became known for his impressions, and performed as over 70	70	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
Another reason why the first Fascio of Messina – formed after the example of the Fasci operai [Workers leagues	leagues	NOUN	]	PUNCT	]
The first 500,000 copies of Cryptic Writings in the United States were released with an album cover featuring a silver	silver	ADJ	background	NOUN	 background
He was initially credited with scoring the milestone goal in his previous game, against the Winnipeg Jets, but	but	CCONJ	after	ADP	 after
Reviewers also noted that the " action sequences [are used to] keep the critique from becoming preachy "	"	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
According to Richard Bensel in his study of the 1896 convention, Tillman gave " by far, the most	most	ADV	divisive	ADJ	 divisive
The western section dates from the 14th century, and comprises the remains of the great hall, used by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The highway continues as Main Street in the community to Carr Street; the highway turns back eastward on Carr	Carr	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
The key portion of training involved learning hit and run tactics of guerrilla warfare. Guevara and the others underwent	underwent	VERB	arduous	ADJ	 arduous
A few days later, on July 8, 1918, he was severely wounded when a mortar bomb exploded	exploded	VERB	between	ADP	 between
The circulation deteriorated further, and the storm dissipated southwest of Nova Scotia the next day. In advance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The beginning of 1917 witnessed an enormous expansion of the RFC and experienced tutors were required to train the mass	mass	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There was an additional class of troops who followed the army without specific martial roles and were deployed to the	the	DET	rear	NOUN	 rear
Although they did not maintain a major military garrison, its position on Watling Street relative to the major Kentish	Kentish	ADJ	ports	NOUN	 ports
To become a prince again, Beast must win her love in return otherwise he remains a monster forever.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Berry then starred in the film Frankie and Alice, in which she plays Frankie Murdoch, a young multiracial	multiracial	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
Although the army warrants state the colour as being red it is defined by most commentators as being crimson or	or	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Students who accumulate demerit points as a result of various offences are penalised in their sabbatical bidding or are recommended	recommended	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" Family and family history also plays an important role in the poem. Eliot found information on his family	family	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The operation was scheduled to start on the afternoon of 8 December. The attack began with a massive artillery	artillery	NOUN	barrage	NOUN	 barrage
With that in mind, the band spent three weeks doing pre production and rehearsals at Studio 606, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the 2000 aviation deregulation, Indonesian airports endured a surge of passengers, especially catalyzed by the advent of	of	ADP	low	ADJ	 low
During the conflict itself, monuments were erected near the battlefields and the temporary cemeteries being used to store the	the	DET	dead	ADJ	 dead
It was released on October 17, 2005, for Microsoft Windows, and ported by Day 1 Studios to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In January 2006, Boycott joined Asian channel Ten Sports. He delivered the Colin Cowdrey Lecture in 2005,	,	PUNCT	speaking	VERB	 speaking
Despite this, Lester intensified into a hurricane late on August 22 while located about 240 miles (385 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
They then go back into their relationship and enter the janitor's closet where they continue kissing. The idea	idea	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Italian traveler Marco Polo's fleet of thirteen Chinese ships passed through Mumbai Harbour during May — September 1292	1292	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
While shooting War of the Worlds in late 2004, Spielberg met with stunt coordinator Vic Armstrong, who doubled	doubled	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Aerial photography was attempted during 1914, but again only became effective the next year. In 1915 Hugh Trenchard	Trenchard	PROPN	replaced	VERB	 replaced
The first move by the company was the creation of the BK Expressway business concept, a new store format	format	NOUN	designed	VERB	 designed
Al Bakri set up a meeting between the Damascus based nationalists and Sultan al Atrash at his home in al	al	PROPN	Qabun	PROPN	 Qabun
Note that in FIBA play, if the shooter commits the violation, it is an automatic turnover. If	If	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It is not known how William Adam became a successful architect from these beginnings, but by 1721 he was	was	AUX	engaged	VERB	 engaged
The settlements that make up the Rhondda Fawr are as follows: Blaencwm a district of Treherbert. Blaenrhondda a	a	DET	district	NOUN	 district
The following year he ruled that any members of the clergy who were holding party offices should be dismissed,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Note that the genus is polyphyletic and needs to be redefined. Gloeopeniophorella: corticioid; surface almost smooth;	;	PUNCT	hyphae	INTJ	 hyphae
Pauline's original character outline as written by Smith and Holland appears in an abridged form in their book,	,	PUNCT	EastEnders	PROPN	 EastEnders
Toivonen's first season driving for a major car manufacturer's ' works ' team was largely a trial year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They turned south at full speed at 11: 35 AM when the British light forces failed to disengage on	on	ADP	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
Since then, the song has been remastered and re released twice; the first on April 1, 2004	2004	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He also sent Hergé a 1932 article discussing the differences between Chinese and Japanese cultures. At the time,	,	PUNCT	Neut	PROPN	 Neut
Ginóbili has also enjoyed success with the Argentina national team. He made his debut in 1998, and helped	helped	VERB	win	VERB	 win
Most of the information available about the events is derived from the sira — maghazi traditions (biographical narratives and	and	CCONJ	documentation	NOUN	 documentation
The gate lay on the southeastern corner of the Augustaion, the main ceremonial plaza of the city, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Elisha was charged with the murder of his wife, Jenny G. Kane (1898 – 1931), by	by	ADP	drowning	VERB	 drowning
The group leased Joppenbergh from owner Warren Sammons. Rosendale's first ski jumping competition was held on January 24	24	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A slightly re worked version was performed on stage on 22 December 1970 at Sheffield City Hall, Sheffield,	,	PUNCT	England	PROPN	 England
There were cobbles from the moment you left Paris, or Senlis where we started in those days. There	There	PRON	'd	AUX	'd
Alprazolam is available in English speaking countries under the following brand names: Alprax, Alprocontin, Alzam, Alzolam	Alzolam	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" While seeking funding for the film, Six pitched the idea of a surgeon who sewed people together.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Concerns about the marketability of titles seem to have surfaced in the last two issues of Science Wonder, which	which	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Edward, needing money, had taxed the nobility, and they had armed themselves against him, forcing Edward	Edward	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Their classic line up consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist Pete Townshend, bass guitarist John Entwistle,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As Tyson notes, although " Johnson's circle " is usually used in the singular, there were at	at	ADV	least	ADV	 least
He captained the side during Manny Panther's two match omission from the squad during the 2007 – 08 season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Womanizer is already VEVOcertified after reach 100 million views on YouTube. The song was performed for the first time	time	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Its task of guarding a bridge over a railway line was unappealing, so he took the opportunity of joining	joining	VERB	the	DET	 the
Musically, " Laser Beam " is an electronic song, influenced by 8 bit music. Tetsuo Hiraga from	from	ADP	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
The underwater protection system consisted of the extension of the double bottom up to the lower edge of the waterline	waterline	NOUN	armour	PROPN	 armour
Although no plans were put in place to open shelters, the Emergency Operations Center in Washington County raised their	their	PRON	activation	NOUN	 activation
This marked his first collaboration with Jane Nebel — the woman who later became his wife. In the show	show	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The track was resurfaced by Regisport in 1982 and the venues ' profile was further raised in the summer of	of	ADP	1983	NUM	 1983
In 1990 he wrote about the resistance group Lark in LARK: Milorg i Trøndelag 1940 1945. He released	released	VERB	the	DET	 the
He is an opponent of creationism being taught in schools. He has been awarded many prestigious academic and writing	writing	VERB	awards	NOUN	 awards
The split came about after Yourell decided to leave the band due to his desire to " do other things	things	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
She also won the 6th International Nile Children Song Festival in Cairo. Gutawa was born Aluna Sagita Gutawa –	–	PUNCT	Aluna	PROPN	 Aluna
The actor recalled that standing like a statue was difficult since " first of all, I didn't realize	realize	VERB	how	SCONJ	 how
While this generally avoids pregnancy, pregnancy can still occur with intercrural sex and other forms of penis near vagina	vagina	PROPN	sex	NOUN	 sex
A part of western Slavonia, encompassing an area extending approximately 90 by 45 kilometres (56 by 28 miles	miles	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Thiago's name and handprints are tattooed on his left calf. In April 2015, Messi confirmed on	on	ADP	Facebook	PROPN	 Facebook
The New York Times commented that Perot's " chances of winning are much less than when he quit in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Microfossils dating from 632.5 million years ago – just 3 million years after the end of the Cryogenian glaciations –	–	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
This facilitated tool use and encouraged communication that provided the nutrition and stimulation needed for a larger brain, which	which	PRON	allowed	VERB	 allowed
Following a French raid on Deerfield on the Massachusetts frontier in February 1704, the English in Boston organized a	a	DET	raid	NOUN	 raid
When they were inland, watches and warnings were posted for tropical storm or hurricane force winds expected during the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Once outside, imps knock Cooper and Mr. Ribs out, but Ma Soupswill arrives and defeats them. Cooper	Cooper	NOUN	regains	VERB	 regains
The extensive damaged caused by Janet on the island to low income households led the passage of the 1955 Housing	Housing	PROPN	Act	PROPN	 Act
" Cuming returned to England on June 5, 1730, accompanied by several Cherokee and carrying a possum hair	hair	NOUN	headdress	NOUN	 headdress
After school at Eton, he studied law at Trinity College, Oxford, where, having decided on a	a	DET	political	ADJ	 political
Their battle for the rebound was more physical than usual, however. Abdul Jabbar became involved and wrestled with	with	ADP	Kunnert	PROPN	 Kunnert
US 60 would be realigned through many of the towns it served in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Sira's civil servants, however, could not be as readily reproduced; after Tipu Sultan had succeeded his	his	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
Applying those legal principles, the Court held that the appellant had failed to prove that her detention had been	been	AUX	made	VERB	 made
The San Francisco Chronicle's Bob Graham has praised Neville's portrayal of the character in the feature film,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
He then travelled to Los Angeles for a series of Beatles related business meetings held at the offices of Apple	Apple	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Storm Prediction Center is responsible for forecasting the risk of severe weather caused by severe thunderstorms, specifically those	those	DET	producing	VERB	 producing
The title passed through the line of the first son, Joseph Wenzel Johann Nepomuk (as second prince)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He also wanted the new house to reflect his ancient lineage: " to suggest something of the pity of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The dark shaft streaks on nape are very narrow, while the dark longitudinal patterning on the underparts does not	not	PART	cover	VERB	 cover
The Wall Street Journal editorial condemned the strike but stated that the powers exercised by the government in ending the	the	DET	strike	NOUN	 strike
At the time, the southern half of Sakhalin Island, then known as Karafuto Prefecture, was under the	the	DET	control	NOUN	 control
He served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964, and as	as	ADP	Chairman	PROPN	 Chairman
Inside Soap named Peggy the UK's top soap matriarch in 2009. Peggy married Eric Mitchell because she was	was	AUX	pregnant	ADJ	 pregnant
He sustained major damage to his car in the accident. Under caution, the leaders made pit stops,	,	PUNCT	giving	VERB	 giving
This bypass was built atop existing Bay Road north of the present day DE 9 interchange and on a new	new	ADJ	alignment	NOUN	 alignment
Higinbotham himself felt that the game was an obvious extension of the Donner Model 30's bouncing ball program and	and	CCONJ	therefore	ADV	 therefore
Gilligan came up with a story questioning whether Samantha had not been abducted by aliens, but was rather murdered	murdered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
They raised most of the £40,000 needed. The 1 tonne (0.98 long tons; 1.1 short tons	tons	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
There are currently two main areas of theory and practice relating to the definition and diagnosis of attachment disorder,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Heptapyrgion) fortress. The inner wall is traditionally identified by scholars like van Millingen and Janin with the Wall	Wall	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
While there are no visible scars on him, the character instead has a slightly curled hair. During a	a	DET	color	NOUN	 color
The painting departed from convention of the time by depicting a scientific subject in the reverential manner formerly reserved for	for	ADP	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
Another rumor had Richardson surviving the initial impact and crawling out of the aircraft in search for help, prompted	prompted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
These statements about me are totally false... I will say I am particularly upset by the handling of the	the	DET	mass	NOUN	 mass
Canada's primary export market, the United States, has been ambivalent to the environmental questions surrounding the exploitation	exploitation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In order to achieve the shots, an old dairy was converted for filming. 300 slaughter pigs were brought	brought	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" In December 2007, before the sixth series finale was shown, Penry Jones announced he would leave the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
" Because of You " also made an appearance on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 52, and peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The White House received a letter from the magazine inquiring into the authenticity of the letter on the same day	day	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Patrick Foye, the executive director of the Port Authority, said that he thought that the changes were "	"	PUNCT	few	ADJ	 few
After another refit in San Francisco, which lasted until February 1943, the ship was sent to assist American	American	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
In game, the player takes the role a fighter jet pilot defending an English coastland against an enemy invasion	invasion	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It stated that Norwegian authorities had made agreements with ESRO that Norway would make sufficient inspections to insure that Article	Article	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
" Concluding his review, Byrnes gave the film four out of four stars. IGN's Jim " Stax	Stax	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
He claims to have worked behind the scenes with the Fleming family, and believed this was the reason why	why	SCONJ	filmmakers	NOUN	 filmmakers
Rubens said in an interview that he worked for fewer days when compared to his previous works and added that	that	SCONJ	Kumar	PROPN	 Kumar
"). Her reviews appeared semi regularly from 1927 to 1933, were widely read, and were later	later	ADV	published	VERB	 published
The oldest surviving gun, known as the Heilongjiang hand cannon and dated to no later than 1290, is	is	AUX	34	NUM	 34
The early stuff at the RV Round Up is much better than the main camping story, although there's	's	VERB	some	DET	 some
During the October 17 episode of Raw, The Hurricane was assaulted by Kurt Angle at the request of Vince	Vince	PROPN	McMahon	PROPN	 McMahon
It is located in the center of Oxford, a town located about half a mile north of Interstate 20	20	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It also provides an indoor facility for community programs and activities. Walter W. Law Memorial Park (originally Liberty	Liberty	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
This new version adds to that with HDMI, faster ports, and more portability. But it also subtracts	subtracts	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The cast rehearsed for the first three days of production, the camera crew rehearsed on the fourth day and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Kapoor (who described her character of Mahi Arora — a fading star — as " bipolar and schizophrenic "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Her father was a pastor of the Dutch Reformed Church for forty years and her mother was a first generation	generation	NOUN	immigrant	NOUN	 immigrant
Paramount brought suit against Goldwyn and Cooper, and the court ruled that Cooper's new Goldwyn contract afforded the	the	DET	actor	NOUN	 actor
The pleurocystidia (the cystidia on the face of the gill) are similar in appearance. The pileipellis is	is	AUX	made	VERB	 made
With £10,000 funded by Cambridge City Council, the unveiling is planned for 2016. There has been much	much	ADJ	speculation	NOUN	 speculation
The amusement park has since been closed to the public. Three thousand people attended Delaney's burial and memorial	memorial	ADJ	service	NOUN	 service
Messiaen notated the bird species with the music in the score (examples 1 and 4). The pieces	pieces	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Michael J. Fox as Jason Stone, a news reporter who is killed during the Martians ' first attack.	.	PUNCT	Rod	PROPN	 Rod
Tsuchiya had originally done minor work on Persona, and found composing for the titles a strenuous experience. Meguro	Meguro	PROPN	returned	VERB	 returned
Swift first recorded the entire song, and Caillat then recorded background vocals separately. Swift was very pleased with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Immediately after a bloodied Cena won, Edge made his way to the ring to cash in his Money in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
As Captain Blue and Silvia embrace in a heartfelt reunion, the director tells Joe that the story is not	not	PART	complete	ADJ	 complete
Noted for his long running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons, he voices many	many	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
The throne of England was temporarily restored to Henry VI; on 14 March 1471, Edward brought an army	army	NOUN	back	ADV	 back
Some breeders consider hen feathering to have an adverse effect on the fertility of male Sebrights, and may use	use	VERB	roosters	NOUN	 roosters
The refit work was completed by 16 April 1878, permitting Tirpitz to take command of the ship on 6	6	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
The plot is heady stuff, and Roger Corman drives it forward — with wonderful matte shots of the castle	castle	NOUN	perched	VERB	 perched
There the four year old Marshall met Stephen Douglas and Abraham Lincoln and sat on the lap of whichever candidate	candidate	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Rumors that Isabeau and Orléans were lovers began to circulate, a relationship that was considered incestuous. Whether the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Taraborrelli thought that " Blood on the Dance Floor " was one of Jackson's best songs, a song	song	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In Grainville sur Odon and le Valtru: 7th Battalion Seaforth Highlanders, 9th Battalion Cameronians (Scottish Rifles)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At one point worried Bristol police issued a warning that the dam might not hold, prompting localised evacuation of	of	ADP	populated	ADJ	 populated
In 1866, he became chairman of the New York State Democratic party, a post he held for eight	eight	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
She is supported by John the Evangelist, who wears a red robe. Dressed in green robes, Mary	Mary	PROPN	Salome	PROPN	 Salome
He led the team in scoring, rebounds and steals, averaging 23.3 points on.500 shooting, 11.6 rebounds and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
She concluded that Never Let Me Go is worth the investment. The Los Angeles Times film critic Kenneth Turan	Turan	PROPN	thought	VERB	 thought
James has also filmed a music video for the song " Somebody's Gon na Pay ", from her	her	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
The Birthplace of Country Music applied for a construction permit to start a new low power radio station, as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games features authentic Olympic events for the single match and circuit modes. The	The	DET	events	NOUN	 events
This was the third time that the contest was hosted by the previous year's winning country. Maltese national	national	ADJ	broadcaster	NOUN	 broadcaster
Bruix was decommissioned in Greece at the beginning of 1918 and recommissioned after the end of the war in November	November	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
The second public review drew another 1,000 (mainly negative) responses, while the last drew just 25,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
The 13.5 inch shell struck the forward conning tower but instead of penetrating, the shell ricocheted off and detonated	detonated	VERB	some	DET	 some
" Voodoo priests and conjurers promised slaves that they could make masters kind, harm enemies, ensure love,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A post 9 / 11 interview with Sheikh Mohammed and bin al Shibh by Al Jazeera reporter Yosri Fouda revealed	revealed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
According to Veerabhadran Ramanathan, " the energy for the hydrological cycle comes from sunlight. As sunlight heats the	the	DET	ocean	NOUN	 ocean
" He also addressed public meetings of the Socialist Workers Party, speaking at their Militant Labor Forum. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The first three months of 1938 were spent in the Baltic, after which Nürnberg went into dock for a	a	DET	periodic	ADJ	 periodic
O'Brien was sold for scrapping in 1935, and the remaining three in June 1936. USS O'Brien (Destroyer	Destroyer	PROPN	No	PROPN	 No
Most lakes within the Midway High Lakes Area offer scenic views of Mount Adams and its glaciers. Adams Fork	Fork	PROPN	Campground	PROPN	 Campground
Both house and grounds are open to the public and are in one of the 19 conservation areas in the	the	DET	borough	NOUN	 borough
Articles 14 (1) (a) and (b) are then subject to Articles 14 (2	2	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The following season, Augusta sold his contract to the Syracuse Chiefs of the AAA International League, and he	he	PRON	posted	VERB	 posted
The entire length of SR 710 lies within the northern portion of Franklin County, and entirely within the city	city	NOUN	limits	NOUN	 limits
Ben declines and tells him to stay away from him. At the house, Vivien announces to Ben that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Enugu State has a HIV / AIDS prevalence of 6.5%, one of the highest in the country.	.	PUNCT	Enugu	NOUN	 Enugu
McCaw announced his engagement to Flynn in January 2016. His other sporting passion is flying and he has been	been	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Between 1567 and 1901 at least seven stone date tablets were erected in the park commemorating the planting of trees	trees	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The episode contains a parody from a popular combat sequence in the film, in which the actors box for	for	ADP	close	ADV	 close
Aureliano Coutinho's influence was destroyed after the Emperor implicitly banned him from participation in political decision making. The	The	DET	monarch	NOUN	 monarch
Under the original constitutional provision, state legislatures filled vacancies when a Senator left office before the end of the	the	DET	term	NOUN	 term
He had intended to continue his studies at the University of Missouri School of Journalism, but he interrupted his	his	PRON	studies	NOUN	 studies
Containing 892,000 square feet (83,000 m2), the Wells Fargo Building's footprint measures 220 feet 6.5 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
This is a small metal furnace containing nozzles for the fiber to be formed through. It is almost always	always	ADV	made	VERB	 made
Carpenter's later writings are based upon ideas she developed from her correspondence with Tuckerman. In 1835 she helped	helped	VERB	organise	VERB	 organise
In November 2001 the SBS had an extensive role in the invasion of Afghanistan and were involved in the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
I would just want to see what it looked like. I tried to make it a work of art	art	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Douglas. Around that time, most of the deep convection was situated	situated	VERB	south	ADV	 south
Locke brings with him Celes Chere, one of the Empire's own generals, whom he saved from execution	execution	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
1266 – 17 January 1334), 4th Earl of Richmond, was an English nobleman and a member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The area under the jurisdiction of the Sandakan District covers the town area (46 square miles), half	half	ADJ	town	NOUN	 town
Strasburg was selected by Washington with the first pick in the 2009 MLB Draft, and he made his MLB	MLB	PROPN	debut	NOUN	 debut
Despite the increasing range of FRELIMO operations, attacks were still limited to small strike teams attacking lightly defended administrative	administrative	ADJ	outposts	NOUN	 outposts
He assisted the surveyor who pegged out the land at the rear of Government House, Adelaide, for the	the	DET	Torrens	PROPN	 Torrens
The NY 56A designation was eliminated in 1980. NY 345 was realigned two years later to follow old NY	NY	PROPN	56A	NUM	 56A
The final match was a Pinfalls Count Anywhere match for the WWE Championship, as John Cena defended against The	The	DET	Great	PROPN	 Great
One faculty member protested: " What will our soldiers think when they return to the university and find that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The Wushe Incident of 1930 led to many changes in aboriginal policy, and the Japanese government began referring to	to	ADP	them	PRON	 them
As the three landing craft of the first wave withdrew, another three landing craft came in with reinforcements,	,	PUNCT	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Very loosely based on the events of 1575, Scott's story reinvented aspects of the castle and its history	history	NOUN	to	PART	 to
A more recent libertarian tradition on education is that of unschooling and the free school in which child led activity	activity	NOUN	replaces	VERB	 replaces
Jorge Enrique Avendaño et al. wrote in the original description of the Perijá tapaculo that the size and quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ahmad was indeed expelled to Sarkhad, accompanied by Maliktamur. However, upon the intervention of some of an	an	DET	Nasir	PROPN	 Nasir
In 1880, Democratic Senator George H. Pendleton of Ohio introduced legislation that required selection of civil servants based on	on	ADP	merit	NOUN	 merit
Clark teaches Kara to control some of her abilities, and at the same time blend into society. In	In	ADP	season	NOUN	 season
He interviews these men and actress Debbie D., while clips from horror films and facts and opinions provided by	by	ADP	Clover	PROPN	 Clover
" Another anonymous review followed in the 29 July 1820 Literary Chronicle and Weekly Review that quoted the poem with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The WAAAF itself, the first and largest of Australia's wartime women's services, was disbanded on 30	30	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
The lifeless rocks and stones depicted in the concluding line convey the finality of Lucy's death. Although the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Many snow petrels and south polar skuas also breed in this area. Snow petrels are generally spread out in	in	ADP	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
He made no serious attempt to save Anne's life, although some sources record that he had prepared her	her	PRON	for	ADP	 for
On 21 February 2013, it was revealed that Cooper had quit the show and her final scenes would air	air	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This was opposed by the Supreme Allied Commander, General Dwight D. Eisenhower, and the First Sea Lord,	,	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
He started out the season at the 1969 Daytona 500 by being the first driver to qualify faster than 190	190	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Adult volunteers also serve as stewards, tour guides and special event staff. Such docents are challenged by the	the	DET	large	ADJ	 large
He also played for Caguas in the Puerto Rican Winter League during the offseason. In 1996, Rodríguez set	set	VERB	an	DET	 an
They close the chapter by stating that existing methods are " clumsy " and that a new ideal and methods	methods	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Xiāngjiāo blasts through many colorful, nonsensical lands, having to dodge things such as peanuts, floating fruit,	,	PUNCT	pink	ADJ	 pink
The sound of tone clusters played on the organ became a convention in radio drama for dreams. Clusters are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Pre production began in April 2013, and filming later in the year, including locations in Yorkshire and Canada	Canada	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The flag paused in front of Muhammad Ali (invited to represent ' respect, confidence, conviction, dedication	dedication	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These groups may still be found in the same areas today. White Brazilians descended from the original Portuguese settlers	settlers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Paul blackmails Susan into keeping quiet by threatening to fire Summer. However, Summer finds out what Paul has	has	AUX	done	VERB	 done
The session was stopped four minutes early, though by that time no cars had entered the track for at	at	ADV	least	ADV	 least
I am going to put in every image I can think of to make the men in the audience cross	cross	VERB	their	PRON	 their
(The Crow Terrace Poetry Trial, of 1079.) With his demonstrations of loyalty and ability, Shen	Shen	PROPN	Kuo	PROPN	 Kuo
The orchestral parts, performed by members of the London Symphony Orchestra, were added on 3 April. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
The grounds are open from 06: 00 to 19: 00 weekdays, except for Friday when the complex	complex	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The tablet is written from left to right, indicating that Hebrew writing was still in the formative stage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Aaron Peck of High Def Digest stated that the episode is one of his " personal favourites, " and	and	CCONJ	Ron	PROPN	 Ron
Neither Indian was willing to shoot a fleeing man, as it " seemed not brave " to do so	so	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Napoleon had beaten Britain's Austrian allies who were in disarray and, in October, Spain had surrendered and	and	CCONJ	allied	VERB	 allied
The album, produced by band members Mike Shinoda and Brad Delson, was released by Warner Bros. Records and	and	CCONJ	Machine	PROPN	 Machine
He confirmed this in another interview that after watching Perumazhakkalam (2005), whose story is based on a	a	DET	newspaper	NOUN	 newspaper
In the 1980s, Michigan State students convinced the University to divest the stocks of companies doing business in apartheid	apartheid	NOUN	South	PROPN	 South
Construction of a new CA $5 million visitors ' centre is expected to be completed by April 2017,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Hough, Frank O.; Ludwig, Verle E.; Shaw, Henry I., Jr. " Pearl Harbor to	to	ADP	Guadalcanal	PROPN	 Guadalcanal
Between 1930 and 1938 she won a number of prizes for Herdwick ewes at shows across Cumbria. Upon her	her	PRON	death	NOUN	 death
Both the giant anteater and the southern tamandua are well represented in the fossil record of the late Pleistocene and	and	CCONJ	early	ADJ	 early
As the first Team Columbia – High Road rider to cross the line, Mark Cavendish was awarded the first	first	ADJ	pink	PROPN	 pink
His " great skill and gallantry " in this action earned him the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In 1963 on British television, Mona Best, with her son present, said of his dismissal: "	"	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
On one occasion, Wright flew back to England, threatening to leave the band. At the Montreal Olympic	Olympic	PROPN	Stadium	PROPN	 Stadium
Because of its ability to reveal the previously hidden diversity of microscopic life, metagenomics offers a powerful lens for	for	ADP	viewing	VERB	 viewing
However, some of the over sixty re tellings of the Trojan War since 1916 do feature the character.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
As a result of breaches in flood defenses around Ise Bay, seawater continued to pour into inundated areas after	after	ADP	Vera	PROPN	 Vera
This breach of trust damaged relations between the Indians and St. Leger, and became instrumental in the eventual failure	failure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These conditions include ischemic heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, muscle wasting, osteoporosis, lung	lung	NOUN	cancer	NOUN	 cancer
In Iron Man 2, Tony Stark receives a similar poster of the Iron Man armor and hangs it in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
A few modern AA guns were fitted as well: two 3 " / 50 caliber guns from Bethlehem Steel	Steel	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
These compounds are used in chemical, domestic and industrial glassware and optics. Boron trioxide is used as a	a	DET	glass	NOUN	 glass
Children with autism have been found by researchers to have inflammation of both the peripheral and central immune systems as	as	SCONJ	indicated	VERB	 indicated
The Slime has also been called cute and charming by several critics, especially when reviewing Rocket Slime. GamesRadar	GamesRadar	PROPN	listed	VERB	 listed
A low pressure system northwest of the depression in combination with Tropical Storm Aletta to the northeast caused the depression	depression	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He won eighth stage that featured a summit finish to Monte Carpegna despite Fuente attacking several times on the ascent	ascent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, Sukumaran argues that AP was revived within DARPA by Poindexter with FutureMAP, an attempt to " extrapolate	extrapolate	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Save the Redwoods League was founded in 1918 by Boone and Crockett Club members Madison Grant, John C.	C.	PROPN	Merriam	PROPN	 Merriam
In addition to these two regions, various other small body populations, including comets, centaurs and interplanetary dust	dust	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The two young men both enlist to become combat pilots in the Air Service. When they leave for training	training	NOUN	camp	NOUN	 camp
There are several candidates for such an observation in orbit around Sagittarius A *. The evidence for stellar black	black	ADJ	holes	NOUN	 holes
The staff writers were Rhimes, Parriott, Ann Hamilton, Vernoff, Kip Koenig, Mimi Schmir, Gabrielle	Gabrielle	PROPN	Stanton	PROPN	 Stanton
In May 1965, while visiting the site of Mosque No. 7, then closed, Clarence 13X and	and	CCONJ	several	ADJ	 several
In June 2010, Entertainment Weekly named him one of the " 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years	Years	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It failed, however, to stop the frontier war, which continued with renewed severity in 1780. A	A	DET	monument	NOUN	 monument
Malcolm McDowell as Marcus Kane, a former scientist who now lives as a feudal lord in an abandoned castle	castle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kummetz's plan was to divide his force in half; he would take Admiral Hipper and three destroyers north	north	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Parsons was immediately fired from Hughes; the FBI investigated the complaint and were suspicious that Parsons was spying for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Church founder González was beaten by Cristeros and was jailed by the government for preaching in the open air.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
W.T.R. Martin wrote in the American Journal of Numismatics, " The general effect is pleasing, of the three	three	NUM	the	DET	 the
Vanity Fair's Brett Berk received the episode positively, despite having been disappointed with the second half of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
I never heard anyone say it and did not even ask myself what it meant... I happened to read	read	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He committed himself to a psychiatric hospital in Saint Remy, where his condition stabilised, leading to one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By this time, the system was evolving into a more typical tropical cyclone, with stronger winds closer to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He won the 2001 King of the Ring tournament, was the first Money in the Bank ladder match winner	winner	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Buildings could then be built around the inside of the shell, producing a small inner courtyard at the centre	centre	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He studied the Chinese classics, drank tea, and played Chinese chess for recreation. Under his reign,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Although West designed it as a melancholic pop album, 808s & Heartbreak had a significant effect on hip hop	hop	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
Furthermore, the need to maintain the large garrison at Derbent further depleted the already overstretched Syro Jaziran army,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Several weeks later, Megadeth's " Head Crusher " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 2010 Grammy	Grammy	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
As security personnel realised Kaldalu was not supposed to be there, they began to drag him away, and	and	CCONJ	Kaldalu	PROPN	 Kaldalu
They assumed the other victims had been taken by sharks. The Leichhardt searched for survivors until last light and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
Similarly, Nostradamus's notorious ' 1999 ' prophecy at X.72 (see Nostradamus in popular culture) describes no	no	DET	event	NOUN	 event
" Even the Governor of the Arizona Territory, John C. Frémont, reported after the gunfight, " Many	Many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
After the regular season is complete, the teams with the best regular season records enter the playoffs, the	the	DET	winner	NOUN	 winner
Written by Michael Hitchcock and directed by Eric Stoltz, the episode first aired on Fox in the United States	States	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Only a few reviewers remained nostalgic of the gothic and symphonic sound of Decipher and denounced a " lack of	of	ADP	direction	NOUN	 direction
The organization conducts an annual business plan / ideas contest where entries are invited throughout Karnataka. The cell won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
The remainder were retired between 1982 and 1983. The remaining G and H models were used for nuclear standby	standby	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In his quest, Fuse was supposed to be able to take part in other characters ' scenarios, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
As a result of the brawl, Bischoff announced a tag team match, in which Benjamin and Jericho defeated	defeated	VERB	Orton	PROPN	 Orton
The 124 million peso ($2.6 million) road is expected to improve connectivity between the airport and both	both	PRON	northern	ADJ	 northern
Hay, particularly alfalfa, is sometimes compressed into pellets or cubes. Processed hay can be of more consistent	consistent	ADJ	quality	NOUN	 quality
The subpopulations display seasonal fidelity to particular areas, but DNA studies show that they are not reproductively isolated.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Sir Walter Jenner furnished the rooms with furniture and included historic and newly commissioned paintings. The paintings include:	:	PUNCT	portraits	NOUN	 portraits
If her producers had concocted a sharper set of songs and more interesting beats, Janet Jackson might have been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
The breakaway built up a lead of over six minutes and took all the mountains classification points. Wyss won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
Flagstaff is the only city in Arizona never to have reported temperatures of 100° F (38° C	C	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" He was stubborn, over sensitive, and a prima donna, but he worked like a dog all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
It stars Warwick Davis in the title role and Jennifer Aniston in her film debut. Davis plays a vengeful	vengeful	ADJ	leprechaun	NOUN	 leprechaun
The aircraft had to be disassembled and trucked to an abandoned airfield at Ardmore, Oklahoma with a runway long	long	ADV	enough	ADV	 enough
The pope made Louis the " standard bearer of the Church " and granted him a three year tithe to	to	PART	fight	VERB	 fight
Napoleon's removal of the Bourbon dynasty from the Spanish throne precipitated a political crisis. Although the Spanish world	world	NOUN	almost	ADV	 almost
Gideon Haigh suggests: " If ever a cricketer was the creation of a single writer, it is MacLaren	MacLaren	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He came to me with a part of an idea which I already had worked out and had difficulty getting	getting	VERB	people	NOUN	 people
John Lydon wrote the song " Seventeen " on the Sex Pistols album Never Mind the Bollocks in response to	to	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Around the 9th century the Vikings took Moors they had captured and were using as slaves to Ireland. The	The	DET	Vikings	PROPN	 Vikings
The Santacruz Electronic Export Processing Zone (SEEPZ) and the International Infotech Park (Navi Mumbai) offer excellent	excellent	ADJ	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
" Choudary dismissed the claims as " fanciful ", that if they were true, UK security services would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
In 1331 the plague was noted in China, and from east Asia it was carried west along the trade	trade	NOUN	routes	NOUN	 routes
The winds and rainfall damaged crops and houses and also caused power outages. The storm killed two people on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Spears premiered songs from her upcoming second album during the show. Oops!... I Did It Again,	,	PUNCT	her	PRON	 her
The inhabitants of Guatemala, for all their sophistication, lacked key elements of Old World technology, such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Queen of England, Margaret of Anjou, refused to accept an arrangement that deprived her son — Edward	Edward	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Rooting can then take place in an appropriate growing medium at a temperature of around 22° C (72	72	NUM	°	NUM	°
The Snapdragon 808 and 810 were announced in April 2014. As of July 2014, the 810 contained the	the	DET	fastest	ADJ	 fastest
Statistics for 2002 indicate the population of ethnic Macedonians within the country as c. 1,300,000. On the other hand	hand	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wensloff continued his tenure with the Miners during the 1939 season. By the end of July, he had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Tosin Cole was cast in the role, and said, " It's a privilege to work on something	something	PRON	so	ADV	 so
This episode was Ceraulo's second writing credit, having co written season three episode " The Funcooker, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Pembrokes were subsequently removed from the Vulnerable Native Breeds list in 2016. In 1933 the first Welsh Corgis were	were	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
Further changes to Camouflage's design concept occurred for the 2005 CD remaster and DVD release. In 1971,	,	PUNCT	Capitol	PROPN	 Capitol
During the air campaign, a US cruiser was sunk in the Battle of Rennell Island. Two days later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In the same year, he survived a revolt in Constantinople (the Nika riots), which solidified his	his	PRON	power	NOUN	 power
The defense responded on the next drive with their second recovered fumble of the game. This time, Adrian	Adrian	PROPN	Hubbard	PROPN	 Hubbard
1895. p. 14. United States Congressional Serial Set. Washington, DC: U.S. Government Printing Office.	.	PUNCT	1913	NUM	 1913
Film historian Richard E. Braff notes that Allen Curtis as the writer, but provides no directorial credits. The	The	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Thiem's land was eventually sold in the 1950s, to the Rossdale Property Co. Their subsequent attempts at selling	selling	VERB	the	DET	 the
In addition to the loss of life by uniformed soldiers, millions died in the superpowers ' proxy wars around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
The four guards brigades of full time troops were the only units of the ZNG that were fully equipped with	with	ADP	small	ADJ	 small
Max Pemberton, a psychiatrist, wrote in the Daily Telegraph that " this is a book to make you	you	PRON	enraged	VERB	 enraged
The conference was titled " Using Targeted Killing to Fight the War on Terror: Philosophical, Moral, and	and	CCONJ	Legal	PROPN	 Legal
Pope Pius IX died in 1878. The same year Marianna travelled to Perpignan in south western France, where	where	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Running parallel to the Østfold Line, it will be engineered for 250 km / h (155 mph)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The USAF Air Research and Development Command's (ARDC) requirement for WS 110A asked for a chemical fuel	fuel	NOUN	bomber	NOUN	 bomber
I was thinking what message I can give to the people of the country at this juncture. On 18	18	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
Indeed, it is possible that the fleet had been dispatched to Cyprus in the first place because, with	with	SCONJ	Persian	ADJ	 Persian
The Oilers failed to win the division title in 1987 – 88 for the first time since the 1981 –	–	PUNCT	82	NUM	 82
Actress June Lockhart, who had appeared in the second of MGM's popular Lassie films (Son of Lassie	Lassie	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Daryus feels he has always been overlooked by his father in favor of his sister, so he travels to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The series is most popular among young adults; the four books have won multiple awards, most notably the	the	DET	2008	NUM	 2008
Apart from these more spectacular pieces of resistance, in some places chantry priests continued to say prayers and landowners	landowners	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Meetings for worship and study are held at Kingdom Halls, which are typically functional in character, and do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
The beneficiary's right to elect instead to enforce a lien to obtain repayment is an exception to the primary	primary	ADJ	rue	NOUN	 rue
Similarly, number 48 — the end house at the southeast corner — has a hipped roofed south facing wing	wing	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In the resulting ecological vacuum, rodents and other Glires were allowed to evolve and diversify, taking the niches	niches	NOUN	left	VERB	 left
Hilson commented that " She gave 150 percent. [...] I don ’ t know any other mother	mother	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
If no close substitutes are available, the substitution effect will be small and the demand inelastic. Breadth of	of	ADP	definition	NOUN	 definition
Despite these factors and the fact that American companies would have struggled to produce the very large geared steam turbines	turbines	NOUN	needed	VERB	 needed
He also successfully asserted his right to celebrate the king's new marriage, over attempts by Roger of Salisbury	Salisbury	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Unlike the appellate provision of the Judiciary Act of 1789, the appellate provision of the act of February 27	27	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
M.I.A. performed on the song " C.T.F.O. " on SebastiAn's album Total. On 21 April 2011, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The southern pincer, 200 miles (320 km) to the south and separated by mountainous terrain and rivers	rivers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By February 1999, Siemens had given up trying to fix the locomotives, although they had established that the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Sun gives birth to a girl, who she names " Ji Yeon ", the name chosen by Jin	Jin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The story deals with the themes of provincial rivalry between Ulster and Connacht, communal feasting and the heroic contest	contest	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
In the 930s the level of learning was still not high enough to supply enough literate English priests to fill	fill	VERB	the	DET	 the
One of a senior cadet's " most cherished possessions " are his Senior Boots. Only seniors are allowed	allowed	VERB	to	PART	 to
It was nominated for two Gemini Awards and two Directors Guild of Canada Awards, winning in the " Outstanding	Outstanding	PROPN	Achievement	PROPN	 Achievement
During a behind the scenes video, Richardson described the process for the filming of the clip for " XO	XO	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The farm also had a large barn near New York State Route 9A for supplies, including feed for the	the	DET	farm	NOUN	 farm
Iorio, a fan of a band called Budgie, made deliberate similarities to Metallica's cover EP, The	The	DET	$	SYM	 $
Hemings spent two years there. It is believed by most historians that Jefferson began a sexual relationship with Hemings	Hemings	PROPN	either	CCONJ	 either
Persoonia lanceolata is an obligate outcrosser, that is, flowers need to be pollinated by pollen from other plants	plants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Five said that they would take him first in the draft; Sid Gillman said of Manning, " this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The raid of 2 May marked the start of an upsurge in Japanese aerial activity over northern Australia. A	A	DET	detachment	NOUN	 detachment
Cotto's camp also conceded the larger share of the purse to Pacquiao, who received a 65% share	share	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The expedition turned out to be a disaster. Many men became sick and died from the poor conditions in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
While her game, Final Fantasy VI, features multiple characters with that fit the role of main character,	,	PUNCT	Terra	PROPN	 Terra
", " Weapons were used at his order. " At the time of the attack, the plane	plane	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
It is like the Kalpavriksha wish tree called madhu (Madhuca indica). Shami tree (Prosopis cineraria)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
As presiding officer in the Senate, lieutenant governors also have partial control over what legislation will be considered,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Across Baja California Sur, the storm produced widespread precipitation, leading to flooding. On June 18, a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
At the same time, the level of skill required to produce quality work was recognized, and even considered	considered	VERB	a	DET	 a
When the work was finished in 1866, Cleopatra's position changed to show her standing before Caesar with Apollodorus	Apollodorus	PROPN	bent	VERB	 bent
The story is set in New York City after a virus has wiped out most of mankind, leaving Neville	Neville	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The new comic opera was The Gondoliers, which opened in December 1889 and became one of the partnership's	's	PART	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
As Balzac puts it: " La passion est un martyre. " (" Passion is martyrdom. "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
In the Weald, for example, agriculture centred on grazing animals on the woodland pastures, whilst in the	the	DET	Fens	PROPN	 Fens
The rise is so rapid that the submarine's bow rises high out of the water upon surfacing. Before	Before	ADP	executing	VERB	 executing
Jack Brabham intended to retire at the end of the 1969 season and sold his share in the team to	to	ADP	Tauranac	PROPN	 Tauranac
And get a load of that score from Michael Giacchino, a perfect compliment to a delicious meal. "	"	PUNCT	James	PROPN	 James
John Fine, on the other hand, suggests that the first peace between Athens and Persia was concluded in	in	ADP	450	NUM	 450
Within Perth, the highway is a six lane dual carriageway from The Causeway to Tonkin Highway near Perth Airport	Airport	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The high casualty figures of the Union alarmed the North; Grant had lost a third of his army,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She reported to the 7th Fleet in October and performed patrol and escort duty in Leyte Gulf. In December	December	PROPN	1944	NUM	 1944
The revived Stone's reopened after Carte's death. In 1907, Carte married Lady Dorothy Milner Gathorne Hardy	Hardy	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Throughout the 1930s the number of active personnel remained low and out of necessity training opportunities were limited. After	After	ADP	1936	NUM	 1936
Jay Z wrote his entire verse, and helped produce some of the song's core instrumentals. In an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
Quinoline Yellow (E104) is a commonly used coloring in the United Kingdom but is banned in Australia,	,	PUNCT	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Reportedly, all of those under scrutiny are now rarely seen in public and some have apparently left the country	country	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some of these documents were displayed again in a 2015 exhibition. In 2015, Parliament planned a year long	long	ADJ	programme	NOUN	 programme
Muliyadi dubbed Lat the " Father of Contemporary Malaysian Cartoons ", for being the first Malaysian cartoonist to achieve	achieve	VERB	global	ADJ	 global
The first of its kind in the region, the Center provides a unique opportunity for individuals to take an	an	DET	active	ADJ	 active
On October 2012, the weight limit was officially repealed when 237 lb (108 kg) Rob Van Dam	Dam	PROPN	challenged	VERB	 challenged
With the death of Lamachus in battle some time later, command of the Sicilian Expedition fell into the hands	hands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Blacker called the weapon the ' Baby Bombard ', and presented it to the War Office in 1941.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The Hawking radiation for an astrophysical black hole is predicted to be very weak and would thus be exceedingly difficult	difficult	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Before the trial could take place, however, Stephen died, and the trial never took place. William	William	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" Eugene Cernan recalled Armstrong's low fuel approach to the Moon: " When the gauge says empty we	we	PRON	all	PRON	 all
Concord's coal bunkers could carry up to 400 long tons (410 t) of the fuel, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
The ball will only travel at 15°, 30°, or 45° angles. If the ball	ball	NOUN	hits	VERB	 hits
The current curator is Phil Pritchard. The Hockey Hall of Fame is led by Lanny McDonald, Chairman of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite taking early wickets during Essex's innings — at one stage having the visitors 12 / 3 — the	the	DET	batting	NOUN	 batting
Public sociology refers to an approach to the discipline which seeks to transcend the academy in order to engage with	with	ADP	wider	ADJ	 wider
" Following the film's screening at the Mumbai International Film Festival, the American film director Oliver Stone praised	praised	VERB	Enthiran	PROPN	 Enthiran
The designers of " Package E " of the Southern Suburbs Railway (which included the Narrows Rail Bridge)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
Allied and Japanese accounts of the gunnery action are difficult to reconcile, particularly as neither of the Allied destroyers	destroyers	NOUN	recorded	VERB	 recorded
Fort Ripley was built in 1848 – 1849 in central Minnesota near modern Little Falls. It was built to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
His corps included a company of over 100 men led by Josué Dubois Berthelot de Beaucours that included Jacques Testard	Testard	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
The prevention of poisoning is a significant public health issue. Domestic carbon monoxide poisoning can be prevented by early	early	ADJ	detection	NOUN	 detection
The gym served as a refuge to children in the area. Before his heavyweight championship tenure, George Foreman	Foreman	PROPN	beat	VERB	 beat
The only punishment that shall be inflicted by this Committee is death. Although the vigilance committee started as a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
In the 2001 – 02 season, Evra switched to the number 17 shirt and was promoted to the first	first	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
On 12 November 2014, its lander Philae successfully landed on the comet's surface, the first time a	a	DET	spacecraft	NOUN	 spacecraft
Mabel Tolkien taught her two children at home. Ronald, as he was known in the family, was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Alabama gained the needed yardage and more on a 24 yard pass from Zow to Alexander at the Tech 32	32	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
Wilson ordered Thompson to withdraw twice, but the latter refused to obey and continued to fire on the advancing	advancing	VERB	North	PROPN	 North
The cases remain one of Northern California's most infamous unsolved crimes. Fincher, Vanderbilt and producer Bradley J.	J.	PROPN	Fischer	PROPN	 Fischer
The game's director, Masahiro Sakurai, said that this mode would be more " fleshed out " than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
The expedition had formative consequences for the English both financially and on the future of English exploration. By virtue	virtue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Press response to the album was mixed. Kerrang! were brutal towards the band for all of their review	review	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On November 14, 2009, " Broken Hearted Girl " reached number twenty seven on the UK Singles Chart	Chart	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
... A theoretical understanding of such heuristic programming, however, is still very much wanting. " Recent scientific	scientific	ADJ	advances	NOUN	 advances
It became a fourth consecutive top ten single for Swift on the United States ' chart Hot Country Songs and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Young people started moving away to seek better paying opportunities elsewhere, eventually followed by their parents. Both of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chin moved an amendment to the motion introduced by Jeyaretnam so that it read: " That this House (	(	PUNCT	1	X	1
... But the mythology overtook the monsters following the revelation of a parallel universe. By its third season,	,	PUNCT	Fringe	PROPN	 Fringe
As installed, the steam turbines could generate 17,500 shaft horsepower (13,000 kW) and move the ship at	at	ADP	speeds	NOUN	 speeds
Simon Parkin of Game Set Watch agreed, believing the game is best enjoyed when one thinks like a child	child	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The initiative was designed to assist franchisees in restructuring their businesses to meet financial obligations, focus on restaurant operational	operational	ADJ	excellence	NOUN	 excellence
The years of Mary's reign were consistently wet. The persistent rain and subsequent flooding led to famine.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
As part of his attempt to balance the budget, Corzine decreased funding to most programs and localities including state	state	NOUN	universities	NOUN	 universities
Every fit male Turkish citizen otherwise not barred is required to serve in the military for a period ranging from	from	ADP	three	NUM	 three
There, meetings were held from 30 January to 2 February 1942. Present were Bader, Professor Josif Matl	Matl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Ofcom also received over 2,868 complaints from viewers about " raunchy " dance routines from Rihanna and Christina Aguilera during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jameson placed the weapons under a canvas cover in Maguire's camp, stayed at the kraal for ten days	days	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She is also shown backstage, smearing her make up, and vomiting in the bathroom. Another contestant is	is	AUX	pictured	VERB	 pictured
She was a maid and sang in a church choir; he worked for a tire company. Horace had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Its eastern (outer) wall is not flat, incorporating a design feature known as " hornwork ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
' Such concordats allowed the Catholic Church to organize youth groups, make ecclesiastical appointments, run schools, hospitals	hospitals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On April 6, 2007 Simon Property Group, Inc. announced the joint acquisition of Mills Corporation along with Farallon	Farallon	PROPN	Capital	PROPN	 Capital
To their north, the troops of the 2nd Infantry Brigade laid down suppressing fire on the supporting Ottoman troops	troops	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He continued to give priority to education, public safety and help for the County's most vulnerable. Among	Among	ADP	his	PRON	 his
One of the larger centres of the cluster, Gordo is associated with a lava field on its western side	side	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In 1974, at the age of 90, Schwester Selma was named a " Worthy of Jerusalem " by	by	ADP	Jerusalem	PROPN	 Jerusalem
" Claire also manipulates First Lady Patricia Walker (Joanna Going) into believing that her husband is having an	an	DET	affair	NOUN	 affair
The situation worsened throughout the match as pacemen Alan Davidson and Pat Crawford were hindered by stomach bugs and hip	hip	NOUN	strains	VERB	 strains
In 1511 the Spanish caravel Santa María de la Barca set sail along the Central American coast under the command	command	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These processes may contribute to the relatively low density and melting point of einsteinium. Further, owing to the	the	DET	small	ADJ	 small
In 1992, Sheen's performance in Romeo and Juliet at the Royal Exchange received a MEN Theatre Award nomination	nomination	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was put on display at the Brazilian Football Confederation headquarters in Rio de Janeiro in a cabinet with a	a	DET	front	NOUN	 front
The Band of the Royal Marines provided a rendition of the " Thunderbirds March " both before and after the	the	DET	screening	NOUN	 screening
Brent Faulkner from PopMatters wrote that the song " isn't too shabby, filled with minimalistic ideas and pummeling	pummeling	VERB	drums	NOUN	 drums
On 2 March 2014, Nasri scored the second goal as Manchester City defeated Sunderland 3 – 1 to win	win	VERB	the	DET	 the
In November 2007, a California appeals court ruled that " it is not the job of the local police	police	NOUN	to	PART	 to
At the 1961 National Film Awards, Mughal e Azam won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in	in	ADP	Hindi	PROPN	 Hindi
Mithridates was finally defeated by Pompey in the night time Battle of the Lycus. The Mediterranean had at this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
It is even possible that the first termites emerged during the Carboniferous. Termites are thought to be the descendants	descendants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Its shell is sold as a souvenir and used as a decorative object. Historically, Native Americans and indigenous	indigenous	ADJ	Caribbean	ADJ	 Caribbean
Wyatt and the group he guarded were regarded as claim jumpers and were confronted by armed representatives of the other	other	ADJ	company	NOUN	 company
The book's plot was split into two films, the first of which was released on November 18,	,	PUNCT	2011	NUM	 2011
With the November 1950 issue the page count was cut to 112, and the price went up to 25	25	NUM	cents	NOUN	 cents
In some locations, the rainfall led to flooding, which prevented farmers from harvesting crops. Elsewhere throughout the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
In verses 4 and 5, the Devi Upanishad mirrors the opening verses of the Devi sukta hymn of the	the	DET	Rigveda	PROPN	 Rigveda
The boiler uptakes were re routed and the existing openings were plated over. The existing 1.5 inch (38	38	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
The series portrayed Reason as a newspaper editor who brought criminals to justice without the use of guns. This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Numerous etiologies of subcutaneous emphysema have been described. Pneumomediastinum was first recognized as a medical entity by Laennec,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The second most prevalent birthplace was the United Kingdom at 9.3%, followed by New Zealand at 3.6%	%	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In search of funds and needing to force another decisive battle, Alcibiades left Notium and sailed to help Thrasybulus	Thrasybulus	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
By evening, McKinley too knew he was dying, " It is useless, gentlemen. I think we	we	PRON	ought	AUX	 ought
Vettel won the race and the drivers ' championship and Red Bull Racing the constructors ' championship. Webber drove	drove	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Although Surat and Tool were not opposed to the English dubbing, they felt that Isaac's accent sounded	sounded	VERB	weird	ADJ	 weird
The club's first silverware at Windsor arrived in the 1906 – 07 season, with the club lifting both	both	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
When searching for a composer to work on the game's music, they realised that many of the compiled	compiled	VERB	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Johnson said that Barnes had shown a " general reluctance for anything savouring of authority ". The misdeeds included	included	VERB	taking	VERB	 taking
The ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romans invoked their gods with offerings of salt and water and some people think	think	VERB	this	PRON	 this
The aliens take a keen interest examining the human response to this crisis, and compare notes to previous reactions	reactions	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
These trains have regenerative brakes, returning around 20 per cent of their energy to the network. With a	a	DET	top	ADJ	 top
In 2005 the new Budongo chimp house was unveiled, along with the Living Links to Human Evolution Centre,	,	PUNCT	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
" Unfortunately, it was a base without a fleet. The British Home Fleet was stationed in Europe and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
North Carolina averages 31 tornadoes a year with May seeing the most tornadoes on average a month with 5.	.	PUNCT	June	PROPN	 June
In November 1972, Arneson and David Megarry traveled to Lake Geneva to meet with Gary Gygax. Arneson thought	thought	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Portland historian E. Kimbark MacColl writes that among Portland bankers the banker who suffered the heaviest loss was Frank Dekum	Dekum	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The band members were outspokenly critical of peer to peer file sharing networks, due to the negative financial impact	impact	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
As a result, he developed a deep understanding of its shifting patterns and dynamics. Peter Gzowski says that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After her mother announced she would not run for re election in 2014, Davis filed as a Democratic candidate	candidate	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
At one point, Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles find a Chao garden and one Chao followed Sonic home	home	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the beginning of the match, Triple H gained the advantage over Orton, as he lifted his knee	knee	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Populous: The Beginning supports multiplayer, either by modem connection (limited to two players), IPX,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Rupert travelled on to Vienna, where he attempted to claim the £15,000 compensation allocated to him under the	the	DET	Peace	PROPN	 Peace
At the 2000 World Championships, Ohno finished ninth overall. In the 2000 – 2001 season, Ohno won	won	VERB	his	PRON	 his
This performance was its eighth in the history of the Proms. The Eighth Symphony's two parts combine the	the	DET	sacred	ADJ	 sacred
He coached linebackers for the Stallions for the team's (and league's) entire three year existence.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Structures 49, 50, 51, 52 and 53 form a small group on the west side of the	the	DET	terrace	NOUN	 terrace
According to Wilkie, " years of cooperation from both popes and cardinal protectors had taught a wilful Henry VIII	VIII	PROPN	to	PART	 to
As with the original film, Patricia Cullen composed the score for Care Bears Movie II. The soundtrack album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The additron based computer, labeled as " Bertie the Brain " and subtitled " The Electronic Wonder by Rogers	Rogers	PROPN	Majestic	PROPN	 Majestic
He missed the February 2 game against Richmond with post concussive symptoms. Fernández became a fan favorite at Temple	Temple	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Tubman was born Araminta " Minty " Ross to slave parents, Harriet (" Rit ") Green and	and	CCONJ	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
Mike Sector would be attacked by the 7th Canadian Infantry Brigade, with the Royal Winnipeg Rifles, The Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	Scottish	PROPN	 Scottish
He then considers the place of nonhuman animals in utilitarian, liberal, communitarian, Marxist and feminist political theory	theory	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Marden was a strong believer in equal opportunity in education, and has been described as an " early feminist	feminist	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
France Cukjati, the President of the National Assembly, called the election on 20 June 2007. Seven candidates	candidates	NOUN	competed	VERB	 competed
Barea was born in the Puerto Rican municipality of Mayagüez in 1984 to parents Marta (née Mora) and	and	CCONJ	Jaime	PROPN	 Jaime
On 7 December 1941, aircraft from these six carriers attacked the United States Pacific Fleet at their home base	base	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a result, in May 1971, the Air Force Prototype Study Group was established, with Boyd a	a	DET	key	ADJ	 key
Their disciplined retreat, described by Burgoyne as " no flight; it was even covered with bravery and military	military	ADJ	skill	NOUN	 skill
For example, they resolved the fraction two fifths into the sum of one third + one fifteenth. Standard	Standard	ADJ	tables	NOUN	 tables
The game was also witness to a piece of Canucks history as Henrik Sedin recorded two assists to pass Markus	Markus	PROPN	Naslund	PROPN	 Naslund
This line passed 10 miles (16 km) north of Kigye. Coulter was to attack as soon as	as	ADP	possible	ADJ	 possible
One advertisement for the film gave the film's length as 3,000 feet. Richard R. Flores analyzed the lost	lost	VERB	film	NOUN	 film
The headline reads, " Who Killed Jessica? " The child pilot was also featured on the cover of	of	ADP	People	NOUN	 People
They were also deployed briefly to the Baltic but saw no action. In 1915, the ships were again	again	ADV	withdrawn	VERB	 withdrawn
FC Barcelona, also known simply as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça, is based in Barcelona, Catalonia,	,	PUNCT	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
" A world tour in support of the album was launched in late 1992, with Pantera and White Zombie	Zombie	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The Driscoll's lived on Killbuck Creek in northeast Ogle County. Driscoll and his son Taylor had both been	been	AUX	convicted	VERB	 convicted
She was introduced in the show's fifth season as an attending surgeon and the new chief of pediatric surgery	surgery	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kawachi's magazines had been inspected in January – February 1918, however, and no problems were discovered,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Aaliyah and Jones would make prank phone calls to what Aaliyah referred to as " public establishments ". At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
The band enlisted Paul Kolderie and Sean Slade, who had worked with US indie bands Pixies and Dinosaur Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Like other thresher sharks, nearly half its total length consists of the elongated upper lobe of the tail fin	fin	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. WITNESS Ourself at... the...	...	PUNCT	day	NOUN	 day
In its earliest uses in the 1500s, the English word " conscious " retained the meaning of the Latin	Latin	ADJ	conscius	NOUN	 conscius
" Drogo's rant vowing to give his unborn son the Iron Throne led to compliments about Jason Momoa's	's	PART	intensity	NOUN	 intensity
On September 20 it was revealed they were questioning David Kernell, the son of Democratic Tennessee State Representative Mike	Mike	PROPN	Kernell	PROPN	 Kernell
In just 27 games, he averaged 25.4 points, 6.6 rebounds and 4.1 assists per game. On October	October	PROPN	30	NUM	 30
When he found that it is not working, he had to do something drastic to get back into the	the	DET	limelight	NOUN	 limelight
As a result of the Flamenpolitik, Rex was not given the same favoured status accorded to Flemish Fascists.	.	PUNCT	Nevertheless	ADV	 Nevertheless
GamesTM referred to the game as the pinnacle of his career. Shane R. Monroe of RetroGaming Radio called Robotron	Robotron	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Golitsyin advanced as slowly as possible, with instructions to avoid any major confrontation with the Austrians. There were	were	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Larger aircraft may have additional scanners aboard, providing greater visual coverage. Because of the additional ARCHER equipment,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
There is also a 70,000 gallon sea turtle aquarium, sea turtle hatchling laboratory, hands on ocean exploration exhibits	exhibits	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" When, in October 1795, crowds threw refuse at George III and insulted him, demanding a cessation	cessation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The second season of Homicide drew several comparisons to NYPD Blue, an ABC police drama series that had debuted	debuted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
According to some accounts the painting lay in storage for thirty to forty years before being shown to the public	public	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the summer of 1967, Cooney took a leave of absence from Channel 13, and funded by Carnegie	Carnegie	PROPN	Corporation	PROPN	 Corporation
Female devils are occupied with raising their young for all but approximately six weeks of the year. The milk	milk	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
" The song contains keyboard notes that hover over the verses and allow Carey to indulge in her backing vocals	vocals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was also referred to by the phrase " Praise God " and another nickname was " The Duke of	of	ADP	Swabia	PROPN	 Swabia
The next day she ended up writing what she thought was the least commercial song on the album, "	"	PUNCT	Used	VERB	 Used
The French and English kings had justified the ongoing war through competing interpretations of inheritance law, first concerning Edward	Edward	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
Plagis downed a Bf 109 over France on 24 September 1943, then a Focke Wulf Fw 190 on 23	23	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
Auden dedicated both editions of his collected poetry (1945 / 50 and 1966) to Isherwood and Kallman.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Despite an official apology from the airline company in June 2007, Bure took the issue to court, suing	suing	VERB	British	PROPN	 British
As a head coach, Amaker took the Seton Hall Pirates to postseason tournaments (NCAA Men's Division I	I	PRON	Basketball	NOUN	 Basketball
The 5th Division suffered 53 fatalities and 140 wounded during this campaign. After the war it was found that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
When the Rhodesians continued to receive oil, Wilson attempted to directly cut off their main supply lines, namely	namely	ADV	the	DET	 the
" Hard " was certified two times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting	denoting	VERB	sales	NOUN	 sales
A Soviet crew commissioned the ship on 29 August 1944 at Polyarny. Arkhangelsk was the largest ship in the	the	DET	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
The 1969 edition of the Mountaineers was the most successful West Virginia team since the 1922 season. Not only	only	ADV	did	AUX	 did
" He had mixed feelings about the Klingon death ritual, but felt that it was justified at the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chopra mingled with the crowd as she MCed and DJed, followed by a playing her single. In Bangalore	Bangalore	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This period marked a change from the efforts of individual explorers to those of institutions that funded archaeological exploration,	,	PUNCT	excavation	NOUN	 excavation
The depression began encountering a stable air mass, and degenerated back into a tropical wave on June 25.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Strong winds left 4,500 people without electricity in St. John's and the Burin Peninsula, knocked down traffic lights	lights	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Recorded after a meeting between vocalist Mike Patton and guitarist Duane Denison, the album features members of Faith No	No	DET	More	ADV	 More
Thorfinn, says the Heimskringla, was the ally of the king of Scots, and counted on Malcolm's	's	PART	support	NOUN	 support
Originally entitled My Story, the album's first version was actually scheduled for a June 2006 release, but	but	CCONJ	Rowland	PROPN	 Rowland
In the final match, he scored 74, his first Test fifty and the highest score of his Test	Test	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
Half of the album is made up of parodies of Nirvana, MC Hammer, New Kids on the Block	Block	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The following evening at the AGT season finale, Evancho sang " Time to Say Goodbye " together with guest	guest	NOUN	artist	NOUN	 artist
He divided the capitalist countries into two groups, the " smart and dangerous imperialists " and the " fools	fools	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The song was written by Aguilera and Glen Ballard, with production handled by Ballard. It is a piano	piano	NOUN	driven	VERB	 driven
" Wings " was the sixth song, and encore reprise on the setlist for Little Mix's 2013 DNA	DNA	PROPN	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
The Strait of Belle Isle separates the province into two geographical divisions, Labrador and the island of Newfoundland.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ultimately, the Trent and Mersey generated significant trade for the Navigation, for in 1793 a system of chutes	chutes	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
When the show returned for its fourth season, he acted as patron (parrain) during the first week	week	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In November he won the Six Days of Ghent with Matthew Gilmore of Vlaanderen – T Interim. Wiggins signed	signed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Twenty eight survivors was subsequently rescued by Stuart, with a further nineteen picked up by other vessels. On	On	ADP	27	NUM	 27
A remix of the song features American rapper Young Buck. " Green Light " was generally well received by	by	ADP	music	NOUN	 music
Based on how sensitive monkeys were to the venom, Whaler (1971) estimated 14 mg of venom would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The series, edited by legal scholar Gary Francione and philosopher Gary Steiner, aims to give direction to the	the	DET	emerging	VERB	 emerging
Structural separation between the tram and the hospital is necessary to avoid vibrations from tram machinery interfering with delicate microsurgery	microsurgery	NOUN	performed	VERB	 performed
Reid spoke to number of law enforcement agencies, including the FBI. The FBI wanted to make sure that	that	SCONJ	Reid	PROPN	 Reid
She had a crew of 570 officers and enlisted men. Invincible had a single horizontal return connecting rod compound	compound	NOUN	steam	NOUN	 steam
According to the historian Radoje Pajović, Ostojić produced a detailed plan that avoided specifying what was to be done	done	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Myrrha has also been thematically linked to the story of Lot's daughters. They live with their father in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
They finally prevailed because of their unexpected ability to fight in close terrain, while their outflanking of the German	German	ADJ	positions	NOUN	 positions
On January 12, the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Tapah, and later that day estimated peak	peak	NOUN	winds	NOUN	 winds
Michigan was 7 for 15 in third down conversions and had an overall yardage edge 416 – 169. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Michael mis attributes it to Al Pacino in Raging Bull. The Karate Kid franchise is referenced two separate times	times	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The game is known for its developers ' battle against a cloned version of their game released by another company	company	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Enter the Grave was re released as a limited edition " redux " version on 13 October 2008 in Europe	Europe	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Having passed by him on the road, Scully recognizes him as the assassin who killed Deep Throat. Her	Her	PRON	toxicology	NOUN	 toxicology
Many impoverished families moved to subsistence farms outside the city and others fled to greener pastures in other provinces.	.	PUNCT	Recruitment	NOUN	 Recruitment
M. p. orpheus (Linnaeus, 1758) from the Bahamas to the Greater Antilles, also the Cayman and	and	CCONJ	Virgin	PROPN	 Virgin
It began as a mainly amateur body and transformed into an all professional ensemble by 1973. In its early	early	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
The B Cycle network was the largest in the United States at the time of its launch, boasting 400	400	NUM	bicycles	NOUN	 bicycles
They remain on the bottom of Scapa Flow, along with four light cruisers. The High Seas Fleet,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
Harry and the rest of the Weasleys -- mother Molly, third eldest son Percy, and daughter Ginny --	--	PUNCT	travel	NOUN	 travel
Charles became disillusioned by the assembly's ineffectiveness, calling it a " mongrel " in private letters to his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
The species is estimated to have had around 1,000 small teeth, weighed 3 – 4 short tons (2.7	2.7	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Jade believed Mark had sided with Toadie against her sister and she told Kate not to give him a second	second	ADJ	chance	NOUN	 chance
With the conclusion of the Dream Within a Dream Tour in July 2002 and the end of her relationship with	with	ADP	Justin	PROPN	 Justin
This line, along with the section from Drammen to Kongsberg, were built with 1,067 mm (3 ft	ft	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
" I can totally see her trying to talk him into giving one a try. And I can see	see	VERB	him	PRON	 him
While the Australian Government offered MacArthur I Corps for service in Leyte and Luzon, nothing came of several proposals	proposals	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Former AAT director Russell Cannon regarded Gascoigne as a world leader in his field, as well as being "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Link follows them into Termina, where he confronts the Skull Kid, who curses him by turning him into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
In April 1941, Matthias was called to active duty by the United States Army as a first lieutenant,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Vardar was a Sava class river monitor built for the Austro Hungarian Navy by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino, and was	was	AUX	laid	VERB	 laid
Upon crossing DE 141, the ramp to northbound DE 141 from the northbound I 295 ramp splits off while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Finnish media reported that 2007 Formula One World Champion Kimi Räikkönen, who was splitting time between the World Rally	Rally	PROPN	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
In 1807 St Vincent, as a member of the House of Lords, opposed a bill to abolish the	the	DET	slave	NOUN	 slave
In the new magazine's first year Reed was a regular contributor of articles and stories on a range of	of	ADP	subjects	NOUN	 subjects
During external load testing in April 1999, Boeing used a V 22 to lift and transport the light weight	weight	NOUN	M777	PROPN	 M777
In 1974, Tattersall spotted what he thought was a color variant of the silky sifaka north of Vohemar in	in	ADP	northeast	ADJ	 northeast
Adding incentive for early U.S. sales was a base price of US $35,000, which undercut competitors by thousands	thousands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their match stemmed from their Steel cage match at One Night Stand, the pay per view three weeks before	before	ADP	Vengeance	PROPN	 Vengeance
The end of the Cold War however led to a more rapid withdrawal of Phantom units than had originally been	been	AUX	planned	VERB	 planned
Substituting the asymptotic expansion for each of the cosines into the spherical relation for a right triangle yields <formula	formula	NOUN	>	X	>
In 1998, he was a central figure in the Lewinsky scandal investigation, being the first congressman to call	call	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Liferaft was built for release in three episodes: her escape, " revelation ", and " resolution "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Herodotus, The Histories Perseus online version Ctesias, Persica (excerpt in Photius's epitome) Diodorus Siculus,	,	PUNCT	Biblioteca	PROPN	 Biblioteca
Balgley formerly taught at California Polytechnic State University. Ratajkowski is of Polish, Irish, and Polish Jewish descent	descent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kevin Ritchie from Now appreciated the " diverse " nature of the record, commenting that the " lightness and	and	CCONJ	unobtrusiveness	ADJ	 unobtrusiveness
He liked to experiment with musical form, as in his best known work, Boléro (1928),	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The episode was written by Charlie Grandy and directed by Matt Sohn. The episode marks the first episode since	since	SCONJ	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
The Steynings family owned Holnicote until the direct male line became extinct with the death of Charles Staynings (1622	1622	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Young birds have a dark tipped yellow bill and sometimes a bluish face which gradually turns red, but the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
To be registered as a Finnhorse, a horse must either have parents registered as Finnhorses, or be verified	verified	VERB	to	PART	 to
Production dropped to 54,454 silver dollars in 1801 and 41,650 in 1802, after Boudinot was able to convince many	many	ADJ	depositors	NOUN	 depositors
For the Pyrenees as a whole 50 – 60% of the glaciated area has been lost since 1991.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Detailed for the first bombing run at the Eder, Shannon took several attempts to familiarise himself with the area	area	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Instead, York would succeed the king, and act as protector. This solution was not ideal to either	either	PRON	party	NOUN	 party
The link with the gluten component of wheat was made in 1952 by a team from Birmingham, England.	.	PUNCT	Villous	ADJ	 Villous
Harris spent the rest of his life at the University of Chicago and died on November 18, 1963.	.	PUNCT	Harris	PROPN	 Harris
In their report, they were looking for a woman roughly forty years old who was described as being "	"	PUNCT	strong	ADJ	 strong
During the Syrian campaign against the Vichy French, Blamey took decisive action to resolve the command difficulties caused by	by	ADP	Wilson	PROPN	 Wilson
In essence, it is a dynamic complex with lively images.... Akshardham has happened at the dawn of 21st	21st	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Murray commissioned architect Gareth Hutchison to find a way of adding a third tier to the Main Stand. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The store was damaged again on 6 December 1944 after a V2 rocket exploded on nearby Duke Street, causing	causing	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Gehrig followed with a double to the opposite side, but could not score when Lazzeri popped up to Thevenow	Thevenow	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The KIT gene encodes a protein called steel factor receptor, which is critical to the differentiation of stem cells	cells	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
On Tuesday 2 October, an unidentified female torso was found in the basement of New Scotland Yard, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Musical life flourished in those places; composers were held in high regard, and musicians were wholeheartedly devoted to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Boydell also published The Original Work of William Hogarth in 1790 and The Poetical Works of John Milton and The	The	DET	Life	PROPN	 Life
Nonetheless, the 1st Battalion of the 102nd Infantry Brigade cleared the river by 09: 00 that morning and	and	CCONJ	reached	VERB	 reached
The review also confirmed that one of the carriers would have enhanced amphibious capabilities. The government also reaffirmed its	its	PRON	commitment	NOUN	 commitment
While a few of the videos are inaccurate due to the developer making dramatic changes to the environment and gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Destiny was the first wordless novel to employ lead engraving. Nückel made 211 prints in black and white for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Potentially hazardous conditions also delayed humanitarian aid to victims of Typhoon Durian, which struck the Philippines in late November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Beginning in 2011, Obama became more politically active than she had been since the 2008 election, though avoided	avoided	VERB	discussions	NOUN	 discussions
The present and future Prime Ministers conversed, and when giving his speech that afternoon, Sir Wilfrid commented on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The day concluded with a spectacular display of fireworks near the statue. The statue was examined in great detail	detail	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The mayor appealed to the governor to call in the National Guard to restore order, but it was weeks	weeks	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
With increasing competition from trucks and automobiles in the 1920s, passenger volume began to decline along with less than	than	ADP	carload	NOUN	 carload
The Witness incorporates other artists and programmer's contributions in smaller roles, such as David Hellman, who had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
This project can be anything. Their paper then has to relate in some way to their project, so	so	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
), Gerronema moseri (Singer), Gymnopus moseri (Antonín & Noordel.), Hebeloma moseri (	(	PUNCT	Singer	PROPN	Singer
Anna will appear in a Frozen holiday special along with Elsa, Kristoff, Sven, and Olaf, scheduled	scheduled	VERB	to	PART	 to
Syndrome intends to perfect the Omnidroid and defeat it in public while manipulating its controls to become a hero himself	himself	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Toby Jones as Alfred Hitchcock Sienna Miller as Tippi Hedren Penelope Wilton as Peggy Robertson Imelda Staunton as Alma Reville	Reville	PROPN	Candice	PROPN	 Candice
Palpatine hopes these early missions will teach Vader what it means to be a Sith and crush any remnants of	of	ADP	Anakin	PROPN	 Anakin
Fey, a fan of Star Wars herself, said that the weekly Star Wars joke or reference " started	started	VERB	happening	VERB	 happening
Gerald S. Lesser, the first chair of the advisory board of the Children's Television Workshop (the CTW	CTW	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 9 July, when the Ivor Philipps was removed from command of 38th (Welsh) Division, due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Millard elaborated that " we're very good, as a nation, at loving well when a massive tragedy	tragedy	NOUN	takes	VERB	 takes
In 1965 the Weads cut a 45 featuring " Don't Call My Name ". From Honolulu, Hawaii	Hawaii	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
For example, silk has been found in the Valley of the Kings in a tomb of a mummy dating	dating	VERB	from	ADP	 from
While summarizing the case with Mulder, Scully explains that Innes had been ingesting Harold's medication, triggering violent	violent	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
From my time in the legal profession I took an understanding (and it is no small understanding) that	that	SCONJ	sincerity	NOUN	 sincerity
Milburn quit after just one full season and was replaced by Bill McGarry in 1964. The club remained in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Similar to the previous season, Portland was overcome with injuries from the start of the 2010 – 11 season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Atlanta magazine said, " The guitar, when used properly, can be one of the most haunting	haunting	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The continued Nationalist offensive on Aragon in April – June 1937, including the Battle of Belchite, involved bombing	bombing	NOUN	raids	NOUN	 raids
Around 15: 35, the Russian battleship Knyaz Suvorov suddenly appeared out of the mist at short range.	.	PUNCT	Kamimura	PROPN	 Kamimura
I never will, he is the father of my child ". After the judgement was issued, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Hunters may also conduct a charging attack or strike with their legs if the player gets too close. Hunters	Hunters	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Chappell gained some consolation at the end of a dramatic summer when he led SA to the Sheffield Shield,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
To him is ascribed the famous treatise on music called Geetha Gopala. Though inspired by Jayadeva's Sanskrit writing	writing	VERB	Geetha	PROPN	 Geetha
In 2007, The Wiggles opened their own recording and film studios in Sydney, called " Hot Potato Studios	Studios	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
It was not until the interwar period that there was a decline caused by migration to new London suburbs like	like	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the description of scholar Gordon Rumson, Wild Men's Dance is a " work of vehement, unruly	unruly	ADJ	rhythm	NOUN	 rhythm
3. Bart gets gum in Lisa's hair without noticing, and Marge tries to get it out by	by	ADP	putting	VERB	 putting
His first wazir was Yusuf al Arqash, followed by Yusuf Qassis in 1749. Qassis continued in this role	role	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
As stated by Rev. Fr. Raniero Cantalamessa, " baptism in the Spirit is not a sacrament, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The 300 pages removed from the A Game of Thrones manuscript served as the opening of the second book,	,	PUNCT	entitled	VERB	 entitled
From the 1988 album Even Worse. " Alimony " (orig. Tommy James, Bo Gentry, Ritchie	Ritchie	PROPN	Cordell	PROPN	 Cordell
On 16 September, however, 25th Infantry Division was still fighting North Korean forces behind its lines, and	and	CCONJ	North	ADJ	 North
However, according to historian Giuseppe Carlo Marino, Cascioferro was transferred to another prison in Pozzuoli in 1940,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In August 1999, the architect informed the project group that the Parliament would need to be further increased in	in	ADP	size	NOUN	 size
He was handed the captain badge in the beginning of their season. On the 28th of June 2016 Zesh	Zesh	PROPN	announce	VERB	 announce
As he was looking out the window of his quarters, he noticed a guard below in the courtyard,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
This study was based on a quartet partitioning approach designed to reveal horizontal gene transfer events among metazoan phyla Colonies	Colonies	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Here, the highway connects to a pair of dirt roads, one of which leads north alongside Horseshoe Lake	Lake	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
A limited edition in a digipak case was first released in Germany on November 21, 2008. A special	special	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Unlike animal joints, which have a limited range of motion, a wheel must be able to rotate through	through	ADP	an	DET	 an
As a 15 year old he joined the Polish 1863 Uprising against Imperial Russia. Shortly after his 16th birthday	birthday	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Every year since 2002, California Governors Gray Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger have proclaimed February 6 " Ronald Reagan Day	Day	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Faulkner later served as United States Minister to France; following the American Civil War, he again served as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Their 8th round pick was traded to the New York Jets for linebacker Steve Reese. With the first selection	selection	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The episode ends with the crew musing that Ilia acted as the being's first womb and the Enterprise was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Grant expanded federal authority that protected African American civil rights against domestic terrorism in the South. Grant's presidency	presidency	NOUN	represented	VERB	 represented
The principal milk supplier is Green Acres Farm in Duvall, Washington, using only hormone free and antibiotic free	free	ADJ	milk	NOUN	 milk
Sullivan didn't enjoy Eternal Calm or Last Mission, while finding Will " incredibly weird and confusing. "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Set in modern day Japan, the plot centers on Tsubasa Uehara (上原 つばさ, Uehara Tsubasa) and	and	CCONJ	Arisa	PROPN	 Arisa
The first major change to global sedimentary cycling happened when humans started clearing land to grow crops. In a	a	DET	natural	ADJ	 natural
Approval for high yield tactical weapons was eventually gained in 1970 and, by 1975, the RAF had WE.177C	WE.177C	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Developed by Jacob L. Moreno, M.D. (1889 – 1974) psychodrama includes elements of theater, often conducted	conducted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
As late as 2011, it was thought that the city was wasting money on the station because, at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Father Josef Bisig became the first superior general of the newly formed Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter, coming to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
" A number of well established and longtime Swedish Americans visited Sweden in the 1870s, making comments that give	give	VERB	historians	NOUN	 historians
Throughout August, the NK 6th Division, and later the NK 7th Division engaged the US 25th Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Among the offices housed in the annex building are the Blackford County Community Foundation, the Blackford County Emergency Operations	Operations	PROPN	Center	PROPN	 Center
The band has claimed that the performance was unspectacular, and critics place the blame on Collins. However,	,	PUNCT	Collins	PROPN	 Collins
International male operatic pop group Il Divo included the Spanish version of the song on their second studio album,	,	PUNCT	Ancora	PROPN	 Ancora
Previously the CTRL was planned to run on an elevated section alongside the North London Line on approach into the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
The molecular analysis supports a previous assessment by mycologists Harold Bursdall and Orson K. Miller, who in 1975 suggested	suggested	VERB	merging	VERB	 merging
However, English rule did not extend over the whole island until the 16th – 17th century Tudor conquest,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Because it is closely paralleled by Interstate 91 between New Haven and Hartford, US 5 serves mainly as a	a	DET	secondary	ADJ	 secondary
Migration of the Serbs was unveiled at the Archbishop's palace in Sremski Karlovci in 1896. It was kept	kept	VERB	there	ADV	 there
And we thought, We're rich! And we turned it over to them and they destroyed it.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Completely invented saints were not exceptional in Europe, and in the lack of evidence of either the crusade or	or	CCONJ	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
The Lady Chapel contains a wall memorial to Arthur Hildersham and a painted wooden bust of Margery Wright, who	who	PRON	died	VERB	 died
Not running was Jenson Button, after his team decided not to go out, since a 55 place grid	grid	NOUN	penalty	NOUN	 penalty
The Pavilion was owned and operated by Weymouth and Portland Borough Council, providing a venue for local community groups	groups	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" With Kevin it's much more collaborative in that I come up with a song idea and it can	can	AUX	change	VERB	 change
The Corpus Juris Civilis, the name for the massive body of law promulgated by Emperor Justinian from the 530s	530s	PROPN	CE	PROPN	 CE
He remained in the team when Australia toured the Caribbean later in 1995; the West Indies lost the Test	Test	PROPN	series	NOUN	 series
Congress passed a bill authorizing the creation of ten regiments, and Pierce was appointed colonel and commander of the	the	DET	9th	PROPN	 9th
They were opposed by leaders such as Tilak and Lala Lajpat Rai, who sought quick action towards freedom.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
His newfound appreciation is seen in the range and scope of his work. That March he painted landscapes using	using	VERB	a	DET	 a
Reflecting on Donna's development in January 2011, Jacobs observed that she had changed a great deal from her	her	PRON	early	ADJ	 early
Resurrected from the mud on 17 May 1942, West Virginia received enough patchwork to sail for Washington State;	;	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
He also learned to play the french horn which later led to him being assigned as a bugler. After	After	ADP	graduating	VERB	 graduating
The proposal was rejected by the full city council because it would overshadow the city hall. Further proposals were	were	AUX	put	VERB	 put
Propagation of the philosophy of self respect became the full time activity of Periyar since 1925. A Tamil weekly	weekly	ADJ	Kudi	PROPN	 Kudi
Competition between rowing athletes at the two schools has inspired an annual boat race between the two universities in the	the	DET	spring	NOUN	 spring
The dervish responds by asking rhetorically why Pangloss is concerned about the existence of evil and good. The dervish	dervish	NOUN	describes	VERB	 describes
He appeared as a substitute for Vieira in the team's final group stage match against Togo and repeated this	this	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Later that night, Dave wakes Hurley up to escape with him from the institute. Dave hops out of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
TV Tokyo broadcast a 26 episode anime program between October 2004 and April 2005. In December 2005, a	a	DET	two	NUM	 two
Thrud was also introduced as a Blood Bowl player and Jervis Johnson commissioned an appropriate miniature. Heresy Miniatures has	has	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Auxiliaries that express direction and aktionsart (among other meanings) can with the assistance of a linking converb occupy	occupy	VERB	the	DET	 the
An estimate for 2009 reported that countries with the highest death rate per 100,000 of population were Ivory Coast (	(	PUNCT	86.15	NUM	86.15
In 2004, Speight participated in Rolf Harris's Rolf on Art, for which a giant reproduction of John	John	PROPN	Constable	PROPN	 Constable
Dawson received many honours during his time as speaker, including a life membership in the Alberta Legislative Press Gallery	Gallery	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
In many cases, the Eye goddess and her consort then produce a divine child who becomes the new sun	sun	NOUN	god	PROPN	 god
The real time land battles in Empire were considered well constructed. Expressing that The Creative Assembly had effectively implemented	implemented	VERB	what	PRON	 what
From 1999 to 2006, the 24th Infantry Division consisted of a headquarters and three separate National Guard brigades;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Because Titus effectively acted as co emperor with his father, no abrupt change in Flavian policy occurred during his	his	PRON	brief	ADJ	 brief
She was briefly played by Cloris Leachman before June Lockhart stepped into the role. The character makes her first	first	ADJ	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
Among the key indicators of Christianisation are long cist cemeteries that generally indicate Christian burials due to their East West	West	PROPN	orientation	NOUN	 orientation
After the death of their manager Brian Epstein and the unpopular surreal television film, Magical Mystery Tour, the	the	DET	Beatles	NOUN	 Beatles
To fill the arena, local radio stations gave away tickets to the show. The event had a final	final	ADJ	attendance	NOUN	 attendance
One retired captain, Erwin Planck, seemed to realise this: " if you look on without lifting a	a	DET	finger	NOUN	 finger
In this game, there is also a new creation mode giving players the ability to create their designs.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Employing a 75 mm gun, which was fired over open sights due to the closeness of the fighting,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
We call on all volunteers loyal to the Irish Republic to unite to uphold the Republic and establish a permanent	permanent	ADJ	national	ADJ	 national
A nearby ship estimated winds of 80 mph (130 km), indicating the presence of the hurricane.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Medieval: Total War received acclaim from reviewers; several critics commending it as a milestone in gaming. The	The	DET	real	ADJ	 real
Like its predecessor, Dragon Quest VI did not receive an English language localization because of being cost ineffective.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
By the time of his death, The Times was writing of him, " None of the great figures	figures	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Between them, they have approximately 1700 pupils. Seaview Primary School was initially located in a mansion that was	was	AUX	donated	VERB	 donated
(Hello, world!). ((dot paren) is an immediate word that parses a parenthesis	parenthesis	ADJ	delimited	ADJ	 delimited
Richman called Hopkins " a close and severe student, filling up all the spare hours of his life with	with	ADP	reading	NOUN	 reading
The results of the studies at Berkeley and Chicago showed that plutonium's physiological behavior differed significantly from that of	of	ADP	radium	NOUN	 radium
The typical image of migration is of northern landbirds, such as swallows (Hirundinidae) and birds of prey	prey	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rudimentary houses were erected by the East Kent Railway company on nearby marshland in 1858 for the navvies who constructed	constructed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Character designer Shigenori Soejima made Yu with the idea that his entire personality be decided and portrayed by the player	player	NOUN	's	PART	's
Elokeshi, " the object of desire ", had to be killed by Nobin to restore his honour.	.	PUNCT	Titles	NOUN	 Titles
Luis Navarro served as Garten and " B Luv " ' s recording assistant. Additional engineering was carried out	out	ADP	by	ADP	 by
Wet Ones are reptilian creatures similar to fish but they can walk on land. These reptiles are most dangerous	dangerous	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Each director sent its data to a Fuze Keeping Clock AA fire control system for gunnery calculations. Each "	"	PUNCT	pom	PROPN	 pom
The 113th Division then occupied the valley containing the Kunu ri — Sunchon road at that night and blocked the	the	DET	retreat	NOUN	 retreat
A potentially large source of natural gas is the Marcellus Shale, which lies 1.5 to 2.0 miles (2.4	2.4	NUM	to	PART	 to
Track officials quickly slowed the race with caution flags and safety cars to dispatch recovery vehicles. Dumbreck was knocked	knocked	VERB	unconscious	ADJ	 unconscious
It also features on the badge of No. 603 (City of Edinburgh) Squadron which was based at	at	ADP	RAF	PROPN	 RAF
When he was starting out in the field of music, he went under the pseudonym " YmoH.S ",	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
He submitted successfully before a magistrate that the Rules were ultra vires since section 90 (1), which	which	PRON	stated	VERB	 stated
He suggests that each of these women was constrained largely by material circumstances, including " the demands of family	family	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The peak gust was 216 km / h (134 mph) at Saint Pierre, and the capital Saint	Saint	PROPN	Denis	PROPN	 Denis
She added that the event would be in " true Darren style ". Dawson felt that at this point	point	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Additionally, the specific heat capacity of liquid water is significantly higher than that of most materials that make up	up	ADP	land	NOUN	 land
Kelly Bourne from TV Week described the episode as " the television wedding of the year " and " a	a	DET	fairytale	NOUN	 fairytale
This indemnity was worth about 180 years of the annual tribute the Song had been paying to the Jin since	since	SCONJ	1123	NUM	 1123
As Jon and Sam take their vows near a heart tree, Jon's direwolf brings him a dismembered hand	hand	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Browning was envious of the Americans ' equipment, particularly the C 47 Dakota transports. On returning to the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
In December 2009, Barcelona won the 2009 Club World Cup, thus becoming the first team ever to accomplish	accomplish	VERB	the	DET	 the
Consequently, as historian Nóra Berend writes, Hungarian prehistory is " a tenuous construct based on linguistics, folklore	folklore	NOUN	analogies	NOUN	 analogies
Supply problems complicated the aircraft's production and the Pe 8s also had engine problems. As Soviet morale boosters	boosters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The internships seek to attract into museum and visual arts organizations students from historically underrepresented groups: people of African	African	PROPN	American	PROPN	 American
The works dealing with the Old Testament included Commentary on Samuel, Commentary on Genesis, Commentaries on Ezra and	and	CCONJ	Nehemiah	PROPN	 Nehemiah
However, Morris was unable to execute these plans. A group of New York City investors took over the	the	DET	railroad	NOUN	 railroad
Tenay promoted Raven versus Rhino for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship at Unbreakable on the August 19 episode of Impact	Impact	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
" He allowed Asser to visit his new possessions and thence to return to St David's. Thereafter Asser	Asser	PROPN	seems	VERB	 seems
The same technique was used by Aziz Ansari in " Soulmates ", during a scene in which Tom describes	describes	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
The eight floor structure was built over, through, and around the original three story library while it was	was	AUX	still	ADV	 still
BZP has been shown to have a mixed mechanism of action, acting on the serotonergic and dopaminergic receptor systems	systems	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The choice of the developers of Murder on the Orient Express to use Antoinette Marceau, rather than Poirot,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
At this point, the project was still an original game. In later conversations with Iwata, Sakurai decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Roy Moxham, a conservator at the University of London library, wrote a book on the customs line and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
At the northern end of Archway Road, the road re intersects with the traditional Great North Road route (	(	PUNCT	at	ADP	at
According to Robert Zoellick, a State Department official involved in the Two Plus Four negotiating process, this appears	appears	VERB	to	PART	 to
Disco was very popular during the 1970s, so some dance styles at that time such as waacking and hustle	hustle	PROPN	stemmed	VERB	 stemmed
Taylor initially cabled the State Department back in the US to state a " naked military fist " had "	"	PUNCT	crumpled	VERB	 crumpled
All three types of shells used the same propellant charges: an RPC / 38 42.5 kg (93.7 lb	lb	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
For example, some priests make on the use of the so called internal forum solution (which is not	not	PART	sanctioned	VERB	 sanctioned
Boone was given his first rifle at the age of 12, as families depended on hunting for much of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
State law allows the Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control to create temporary permits " to provide for contingencies where it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
He'd say, ' I got this tune I want you to help me with... come on down	down	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The armour of the gun turrets and their barbettes was 6 inches thick while that of the casemates was 5	5	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
There comes a time when you can't wait any longer and I needed to sort my future out so	so	ADV	here	ADV	 here
Many DNA polymerases have a proofreading activity. Here, the polymerase recognizes the occasional mistakes in the synthesis reaction	reaction	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Napoleon concluded that the people of Marseille should reject counter revolutionary ideals and adopt the constitution of the French Republic	Republic	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Its staff, battle system and two main characters were revealed along with the game's main theme, Yuruginaki	Yuruginaki	PROPN	shinnen	NOUN	 shinnen
Eastern Cuba was affected " with some force ", but damage was not significant. Entering the Atlantic Ocean	Ocean	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Such a space is called a Euclidean space. However, in Riemannian geometry, a generalization of this expression	expression	NOUN	useful	ADJ	 useful
Metcalfe explained that Mercedes feared that Silas would escape and explained that Mercedes never recovered from her ordeal but did	did	VERB	what	PRON	 what
As early as 1876, the wall tablets were described as " full of sad memories to the old inhabitants	inhabitants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the age of eight he went to Germany to stay with his stepmother in order to learn German.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Andrew Greer of Christianity Today gave the album four out of five stars, praising it as " Magically marrying	marrying	VERB	deep	ADJ	 deep
The palaces constructed for the nobility centred on great timber halls, while manor houses began to appear in rural	rural	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Ultimately, the Allied blockade prevented the Central Powers from importing horses to replace those lost, which contributed to	to	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
Verlaine's lyrics combined urban and pastoral imagery, references to lower Manhattan, themes of adolescence, and influences	influences	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In time, restrictions on discussing Sikorski began to ease; on a centennial anniversary of his birth in 1981	1981	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Eric retells the Greek myth of the suitors of Penelope, in which Penelope, whose husband Ulysses is erroneously	erroneously	ADV	believed	VERB	 believed
At about 10: 00, Chauvel contacted Brigadier General E. S. Girdwood, commanding 156th Infantry Brigade, requesting	requesting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The rifle game was turned into a separately sold add on game, Shooting Gallery, and Magnavox added paper	paper	NOUN	money	NOUN	 money
In 1978, Van Halen emerged from the Los Angeles music scene with a sound based around the skills of	of	ADP	lead	ADJ	 lead
Another exception was the use of strobe lights, which were programmed together with the coloured lights. Blue colour	colour	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The only other Egyptian freestyle wrestler to take part in more than one bout was Ibrahim Farag in the 55	55	NUM	kg	NOUN	 kg
At this time, the aircraft had a lateral deviation from the approach centerline of 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi	mi	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Subsequent histories, including William Laird Clowes ' book of 1900 and Richard Woodman's of 2001 follow James	James	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As of 2010 the two councillors for Street North are both Liberal Democrats, Street West has one Liberal Democrat	Democrat	PROPN	councillor	NOUN	 councillor
Desperate to survive, Trondheim kills Olafsson after he reveals the secret, and sets out to keep the water	water	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In a symbolic show of unity, countries from around the world donated trees and the city of Naples,	,	PUNCT	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
After he was honorably discharged in 1946, O'Neill studied for an undergraduate degree in physics and mathematics at Swarthmore	Swarthmore	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
Prior to the decision Santos scored a knockdown which lasted until the count of eight. Following the fight Daniel	Daniel	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
For the second trial, in which Indiana spells " Iehova " on stable stepping stones, it was intended	intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
In Brazil, Póvoa de Varzim is twinned with major cities. It is twinned with Rio de Janeiro since	since	SCONJ	November	PROPN	 November
In addition to visual art, Arts at the Airport includes various live music exhibitions, showcasing Nashville's musical	musical	ADJ	heritage	NOUN	 heritage
The band played a European tour in August 2014, culminating in them headlining the Reading and Leeds Festivals;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
, about 15 militiamen and a small force of Six Nations and other Indians under Capt. William Johnson Kerr	Kerr	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The plant has also been used to make dyes and torches. Verbascum thapsus is a dicotyledonous plant that produces	produces	VERB	a	DET	 a
It contained a total of 399 swear words (the word " fuck " was used 146 times),	,	PUNCT	199	NUM	 199
After battling a vicious northwester that brought sleet, hail, and snow, the division was further buffeted by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
” A reviewer from Who Magazine called the song " Funky, Spunky, Rocky, Big. " Gareth	Gareth	PROPN	Gorman	PROPN	 Gorman
Fischer ’ s views and behavior attracted widespread comment Reuben Fine, psychologist and chess player, who met Fischer	Fischer	PROPN	many	ADJ	 many
His official exit from RAAF was on 22 February 1952. The Prime Minister sent him a letter thanking him	him	PRON	for	ADP	 for
After a tumultuous show trial, Fabre, Desmoulins, and other top supporters of Danton went to the scaffold	scaffold	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The draft legislation states a number of tests, standards and measures that must first be developed for an Acoustic	Acoustic	PROPN	Vehicle	PROPN	 Vehicle
Astatine is also thought to be capable of forming cations in salts with oxyanions such as iodate or dichromate;	;	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
The inscription was clumsily written on top of a mortar putty and says in translation: " Church of Saint	Saint	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
Under White's leadership, Hampshire County's Democratic delegation was the first Democratic county organization in West Virginia to	to	PART	hold	VERB	 hold
Rob Neyer summarized the debate and ultimately endorsed Ruiz when he wrote, " It's Ruiz who has established	established	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
Arriving in Delagoa Bay on a ship with J.A. Smellekamp as supercarga – he later became a well known figure	figure	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On July 30, 1864, a large portion of the town was burned down by Brig. Gen. John	John	PROPN	McCausland	PROPN	 McCausland
Gimsa et al. (2015) suggest that the dorsal sail of Spinosaurus was homologous to the dorsal fins	fins	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Jenny Marra, Labour's deputy finance and youth employment spokeswoman, also decided not to stand. Marra was	was	AUX	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
The median income for a household in the city was $34,194, and the median income for a family	family	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Quays received millions of pounds of investment and a public consultation and public inquiry resulted in government endorsement in	in	ADP	1994	NUM	 1994
During the night the colonists constructed a strong redoubt on Breed's Hill, as well as smaller fortified lines	lines	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
During each turn, the player can move their armies into neutral and enemy territories to take control of them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Part 1 deals with the investigation of Deputy Director Alvin Kersh by special agent John Doggett (Robert Patrick)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1932 the Puerto Rican Attorney General, aided by top ranking Puerto Rican doctors, had investigated all of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Oral immunotherapy may be effective at desensitizing some people to certain food including milk, eggs, nuts and peanuts	peanuts	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Surcouf sent these with prize crews to Isle de France, and then returned himself on 31 January 1808.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The exigencies of music making in wartime taught Poulenc much about writing for whatever instruments were available; then,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Her integration into the street and the lives of the other residents has matured Donna and she leads the normal	normal	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
The company's directors gave Cornwallis the task of coming up with a taxation scheme that would meet the company	company	NOUN	's	PART	's
Perl code can be made portable across Windows and Unix; such code is often used by suppliers of software	software	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" The website of the Parliamentary Library of the Parliament of Australia lists Boothroyd's site as a resource,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
" Price Peterson of TV.com heavily praised what he called a " great episode " and " a fitting send	send	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
The village is home to neighborhoods and business and residential areas, including the central business district, the hamlets	hamlets	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Darren and Cindy later begin to show genuine affection for each other by helping each other through difficult times in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In 1967, the proposal of the spa surfaced again, when F & N proposed plans for the development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In one, he introduced party president Léon Balcer, a Quebecer, who gave the speech. Diefenbaker had	had	VERB	no	DET	 no
" This mission... was canceled January 16, 2004, if you'd have told me on that day	day	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
The JNA campaign plan was amended shortly before the campaign to include the relief of JNA barracks besieged by the	the	DET	ZNG	PROPN	 ZNG
Epstein saw numerous posters around Liverpool advertising concerts by the Beatles as well as in the second issue of Mersey	Mersey	PROPN	Beat	PROPN	 Beat
Kitty Empire of The Guardian argued that instances such as this established Gaga as a figure comparable to Madonna.	.	PUNCT	Referring	VERB	 Referring
Effross notes that the copyright page of The Book of est gives a notice that: " material based in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
After graduating from high school, Junkin played college football with the Duke Blue Devils. He played in three	three	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
Howard expressed the team's desire to re encapsulate the " wonder of discovery " of Morrowind's game world	world	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The film bears the superscription, " Dedicated to Ralph Richardson 1902 – 1983 – In Loving Memory " As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is definitely the right place for Paramore fans to play along. " The video was released on January	January	PROPN	29	NUM	 29
She was influenced in particular by Yvon Chouinard's ethic of " leaving no trace " on the rock.	.	PUNCT	Moreover	ADV	 Moreover
It was too close to the coast to be used as a squadron base, but squadrons were detached there	there	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Ultimately, Rachel decides against having surgery. Club member Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera) uses Rachel's broken	broken	VERB	nose	NOUN	 nose
She rejected the traditional tiara and instead wore a headpiece covered in pearls. Of her promenade around the ballroom	ballroom	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Tony Kornheiser of The New York Times wrote: " Jenner is twirling the nation like a baton.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The game's battle theme, " Hunting ", was originally going to be the boss theme, but	but	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
In 2004 he toured the United States and Canada with Seville flamenco singer La Tana, but subsequently greatly reduced	reduced	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The most powerful of Phrygia's successor states were Lydia, Caria and Lycia. Starting around 1200 BC,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
To promote the album, the Kinks spent the end of 1981 and most of 1982 touring relentlessly, and	and	CCONJ	played	VERB	 played
Graves, forced to scuttle one of his ships, returned to New York for repairs. Smaller ships from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The phylogenetic relationships in the genus Sarcoscypha were analyzed by Francis Harrington in the late 1990s. Her cladistic analysis	analysis	NOUN	combined	VERB	 combined
The performance was recorded by La Voz de su Amo (His Master's Voice) and appeared on three	three	NUM	78	NUM	 78
Numerous women have claimed or been claimed to be the model, some presenting different versions of events. In	In	ADP	1913	NUM	 1913
The unauthorised slums (devoid of basic services provided by the municipality) are occupied by squatters who started living	living	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In 1896, the city council and mayor were authorized by the state to issue $5,000 in bonds to	to	PART	build	VERB	 build
At an elevation of 20°, the guns had a range of 15,920 yards (14,560 m).	.	PUNCT	Jacob	PROPN	 Jacob
This Week sent three journalists to investigate the circumstances surrounding the shootings from both Spain and Gibraltar. Using eyewitness	eyewitness	NOUN	accounts	NOUN	 accounts
The stadium had hosted the showpiece event before. The most recent was the 1994 final. Coincidentally Milan were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
Egyptian Muslims who went on the annual pilgrimage to Mecca risked being quarantined upon their return. Russia and Taiwan	Taiwan	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
Benzema expressed gratitude at winning the award, stating, " It is a pleasure to win an individual trophy	trophy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Retrospective reviews of the album were also positive. Jon Pareles of The New York Times said that The Chronic	Chronic	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He further wrote that none of them are impressive. " Recording Recorded at Sarm Studios, London, UK	UK	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Warned by friendly Oneidas on July 30 that the British were just four days from Fort Stanwix, Herkimer put	put	VERB	out	ADP	 out
According to Snorri Sturluson, Augvald was killed by a man named Varin, although the Flateyjarbok says it was	was	AUX	someone	PRON	 someone
However, this same scene of the Libyan attack was used two hundred years later in the mortuary temple of	of	ADP	Pepi	PROPN	 Pepi
The book is divided into three parts (Mississauga Goddam, Rock Show, and Heaven), which all	all	PRON	work	VERB	 work
Meanwhile, the Danubian Principalities (whose rulers also considered themselves the heirs of the Eastern Roman Emperors) harboured	harboured	VERB	Orthodox	PROPN	 Orthodox
The kick rolled into the end zone for a touchback, and Alabama's offense began at its 20 yard	yard	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
The episode received a 7.1 rating / 19 share among viewers in the 18 – 49 demographic, and was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Influenced by progressive rock and hard rock, with lyrics dealing with Satan and the occult, Mercyful Fate were	were	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
The eruption produced pyroclastic flows that melted summit glaciers and snow, generating four thick lahars that raced down river	river	NOUN	valleys	NOUN	 valleys
The episode received varied reviews from critics and viewers. Reviewers generally disliked the episode's humor, but were	were	AUX	positive	ADJ	 positive
During the American wars, the coat was long tailed, with buff facings, buff waistcoat and breeches.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A 30 foot (9.1 m) rangefinder replaced the smaller one originally fitted in ' X ' turret in	in	ADP	1919	NUM	 1919
A music video for the single was filmed, featuring a topless woman caressing Dulli as he lip syncs the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Annette O'Toole, who previously portrayed Lana Lang in Superman III, and who was fresh off the recent cancellation	cancellation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was part of a three week run in which McCabe failed to pass 15 in six innings and did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Bo's leadership in Chongqing dramatically raised his profile, both nationally and internationally. In 2010, he was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
Extraordinary efforts resulted in the development of a number of 400 horsepower (300 kW) engines. He controversially	controversially	ADV	rejected	VERB	 rejected
According to the Public Stadium Authority's website, the event center contributes more than half a billion dollars to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Early marriages, such as that of Abd al Aziz ibn Musa and Egilona at the turn of the 8th	8th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
However, while Pipp was hit in the head by a pitch from Caldwell and was hospitalized, this event	event	NOUN	occurred	VERB	 occurred
Following the release of This Is What the Truth Feels Like, " Make Me Like You " re entered	entered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During the Vichy French counterattack, Berryman was given command of the Australian forces in the centre of the position	position	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
In the last race of the season, the Japanese Grand Prix, Häkkinen won his second consecutive title.	.	PUNCT	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
In April 2015 a waitress claimed and Key acknowledged that he had pulled her ponytail multiple times over several months	months	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
During the Third Transjordan attack, Chaytor's Force suffered 139 casualties, consisting of 27 killed, 7 missing	missing	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Hence she decided to re invent her image, to connect with her fans and repair the damage that her	her	PRON	provocative	ADJ	 provocative
They focused on the gender system of early modern England, pointing to the common trinity of maid, wife	wife	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The coming of the Norman newcomer, Samson, who had been involved in the dissolution of Westbury on Trym	Trym	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cho contributed to the creation of a drama called Hong Beom do, about the revolutionary Hong Beom do,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
The Bathysphere was lowered into the ocean using a steel cable, and a second cable carried a phone line	line	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Structure 5C 53 is a low platform situated 33 metres (108 ft) to the west of the Lost	Lost	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
Very little is known about religion in Scotland before the arrival of Christianity. The lack of native written sources	sources	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
Within the defensive surroundings of White Wolf, Essen started to plan a sortie through the blockade to Vladivostok or	or	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The story of Starcraft is concluded by following the Protoss Race in their quest to reclaim their homeworld and for	for	SCONJ	Kerrigan	PROPN	 Kerrigan
The mass of the ε ring is estimated to be about 1016 kg. The δ ring is circular and	and	CCONJ	slightly	ADV	 slightly
The Vancouver based company GDFX was responsible for almost all visual effects shots, some of which were re used	used	VERB	within	ADP	 within
Leeds struggled at the start of the 1966 – 67 season, though despite winning just three of their opening	opening	NOUN	eleven	NUM	 eleven
However, it performed poorly in the United States and became Shakira's first studio album since Dónde Están los	los	PROPN	Ladrones	PROPN	 Ladrones
It was the closest gap Lyon had endured since the 2003 – 04 season when the club won the league	league	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
She had one sister ship, Utah. Florida was laid down at the New York Navy Yard in March	March	PROPN	1909	NUM	 1909
He struggled early during the season with batting averages of.150 and.160 in April and May, respectively, and though	though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
William's funeral at Caen was marred by angry complaints from a local man, and Henry may have been	been	AUX	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
After discovering that their weapons were too light to damage the main walls of the fortress, the revolutionary crowd	crowd	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Late that day, a reconnaissance airplane dispatched by the JTWC to analyze the disturbance failed to reach its center	center	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
The socle of this sculpture is inscribed with a dedication from Baalshillem, the son of a Sidonian king to	to	ADP	Eshmun	PROPN	 Eshmun
Its setting is in a charnel ground ideal to perform tantric rites. The hermitage known as the " abode	abode	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was the oldest surviving child of Theodorus van Gogh, a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, and	and	CCONJ	Anna	PROPN	 Anna
He maintains that he chose the episode as best ever before Entertainment Weekly's list was published. In 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
While living there, he attended the Josephine Allen branch of Boys & Girls Clubs of South Alabama. When	When	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
An early example of this is when Janet Jackson performed the Running Man in her 1989 music video for the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Saratoga was assigned to provide fighter cover while the remaining carriers launched the strikes on Japan, but in the	the	DET	process	NOUN	 process
The federal budget proposal for 1992 earmarked 81 percent of funds to be diverted into the Serbian war effort.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
Her three sister ships, Pacific, Arctic and Baltic, were all in service before the end of 1850	1850	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Arias's face, in a photo taken by tour photographer Henry Grossman, appeared on the record's side	side	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
Through the UERL's shareholding in the London and Suburban Traction Company (LSTC), which it owned jointly	jointly	ADV	with	ADP	 with
The system had become better organized and on July 25, the NHC continued to remark upon the potential for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He had previously been earning $50 a week during his sporadic employment but now enjoyed a wage increase to	to	ADP	$	SYM	 $
The VII Amphibious Forces initially consisted of the Australian Landing Ships, Infantry HMAS Manoora, Westralia and Kanimbla and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Ariel is represented by the helpful Robbie the Robot, while Sycorax is replaced with the powerful race of the	the	DET	Krell	PROPN	 Krell
Fletcher, in overall command aboard Yorktown, and benefiting from PBY sighting reports from the early morning, ordered	ordered	VERB	Spruance	NOUN	 Spruance
Jordanian historiography declares Latrun as a great success of the Arab Legion in the defense of Jerusalem, where a	a	DET	contingent	NOUN	 contingent
In the 2010 movie Megamind, a version of the poster can be seen using Megamind's visage and the	the	DET	caption	NOUN	 caption
They are void because they interfere with the liberty of the individual to pursue a lawful trade or employment.	.	PUNCT	Butchers	NOUN	 Butchers
In fact, the chain said the sandwich sold best in the markets where the majority of the protests were	were	AUX	occurring	VERB	 occurring
Meanwhile, Sasha has come back to find her kits gone. The kits go into an abandoned house.	.	PUNCT	Sasha	PROPN	 Sasha
The campaign was perhaps best captured by the slogan " a diamond is forever ". This slogan is now	now	ADV	being	AUX	 being
The self declared " Andrew, Duke of Slavonia " — an adventurer who claimed to be identical to Ladislaus	Ladislaus	PROPN	IV	PROPN	 IV
The Anfield Road End was rebuilt in 1965, and multi coloured seats were added in 1982. Originally a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Additionally, as the market developed, new niches within the private equity industry began to emerge. In 1982	1982	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The film went on to gross $415 million worldwide (Domestic: $155 million; Foreign: $	$	SYM	260	NUM	260
A related claim is that evolution is atheistic (see the Atheism section below); creationists sometimes merge the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
In an effort to break the deadlock, Saumarez suddenly swung his ship onto the opposite tack and, taking	taking	VERB	advantage	NOUN	 advantage
Bolton is also served by the National Express coach network. The bus station on Moor Lane is scheduled to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
But with great style comes great responsibility. Her video for ' Massive Attack, ' the first single off	off	ADP	her	PRON	 her
For Coldplay's debut studio album Parachutes, British record producer Ken Nelson re produced " Don't Panic "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
(born June 14, 1971) is an American former professional basketball player. Bowen played small forward and	and	CCONJ	graduated	VERB	 graduated
These were released and Adomnán presented Aldfrith with a copy of his treatise De Locis Sanctis (" On the	the	DET	Holy	PROPN	 Holy
Wright would also go on to direct " Millennium ", the series ' crossover episode with its sister show	show	VERB	The	DET	 The
These were essentially the first gas cylinders; Robert Temple assumes some sort of tap was used for this device	device	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Travers concluded, " Everything you need to know is in the trailer. " The Daily Telegraph's Tim	Tim	PROPN	Robey	PROPN	 Robey
He is restricted to communicating through Take Two's attorneys on any future matter, but is able to maintain	maintain	VERB	his	PRON	 his
After the restoration of the French Bourbon monarchy in 1815, the Bastille became an underground symbol for Republicans.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Biographer Ari Hoogenboom says his greatest achievement was to restore popular faith in the presidency and to reverse the deterioration	deterioration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The manner in which Burns becomes injured is also similar to Alex: they both take a potentially life threatening	threatening	VERB	fall	NOUN	 fall
In his first game as manager, he led England to a 7 – 2 victory over Ireland at Windsor	Windsor	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Michele has revealed that she practiced talking " manically " for several days in order to convey the effects of	of	ADP	pseudoephedrine	NOUN	 pseudoephedrine
He suffered the misfortune of being known to later generations almost entirely through the judgments of his detractors, Tory	Tory	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
So I started my own business... " he says. Since 2001, he has used Meerman, his	his	PRON	middle	ADJ	 middle
Together with the destroyer Dart, the ship was the French contribution to an international squadron that briefly occupied Mytilene	Mytilene	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He also co founded and became club secretary of the Schipperke Club of Brussels. By the time Cruft turned	turned	VERB	30	NUM	 30
The song showed that even a superstar can struggle with insecurities and be in need of someone to love her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The most praised aspects of the game were its graphics, artificial intelligence of enemies, and outdoor environments.	.	PUNCT	IGN	PROPN	 IGN
This phase of building was incorporated into the later castle's construction. When Krak des Chevaliers was remodelled in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rabin gave " Reaganing " a B + grade, praising the (non existent) scene where Jack put	put	VERB	pills	NOUN	 pills
' " Even Harrison's loyal " disciples ", Schaffner continued, tended to view the album as "	"	PUNCT	plodding	VERB	 plodding
At the same time, plans were in place to construct two new aircraft carriers to a new design,	,	PUNCT	termed	VERB	 termed
Chinese astronomers were able to view what is modern Antlia from their latitudes, and incorporated its stars into two	two	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
She has received three Academy Award nominations to date: Best Supporting Actress for Dangerous Liaisons (1988),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Emperor Jimmu was the first Emperor of Japan and the ancestor of all of the Emperors that followed. He	He	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Littleton retired from teaching in 1976 to focus on his own art. Exploring the inherent qualities of the medium	medium	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Initially, the government offered direct financial assistance, with $5 million provided in seed and grain relief by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The episode featured guest stars Harry Groener and Carolyn Hennesy as Jiminy's parents Martin and Myrna. Groener	Groener	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Set in the fictional world of Sandail, the game's plot, as well as location and character names	names	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Osama bin Laden was killed in the raid, and initial versions said three other men and a woman were	were	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
The weakening was confirmed by Hurricane Hunter reconnaissance flights. After crossing the Windward Islands, and entering the southeastern	southeastern	ADJ	Caribbean	PROPN	 Caribbean
The Superior province and the Minnesota River Valley terrane collided about 2,700 to 2,500 million years ago. The collision	collision	NOUN	folded	VERB	 folded
The first section was to follow the existing surface route into Euston on newly electrified tracks, the second section	section	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He served as Assistant General Manager for the Flyers for one season, and was promoted to General Manager of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Erika Ramirez, associate editor of Billboard.com, said at the time of Aaliyah's career " there weren't	n't	PART	many	ADJ	 many
The realignment extended NY 21's overlap with NY 39 west to Wayland and created an overlap with NY 2	2	NUM	south	NOUN	 south
" In introducing the novel for use in leadership training, Marine Corps University's Lejeune program opines that it	it	PRON	offers	VERB	 offers
' But this time, we realized that a lot of bands should spend less time running their mouths and	and	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
The prevailing opinion is that rongorongo is not true writing but proto writing, or even a more limited mnemonic	mnemonic	ADJ	device	NOUN	 device
They threatened ambiguous, but quite serious, consequences if anything should happen to the royal family. The French	French	ADJ	Republican	ADJ	 Republican
The protesters were concerned that regular Sunday matches would attract churchgoers away from attending church. The protest was led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Although they can appear to be growing in the soil, their mycelium lives in buried wood. They are	are	AUX	4	NUM	 4
The removal of the other demands also reflected political pressure on Poland from the Soviet Union, France, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Annoyed, Ægir tells Thor that the gods must first bring to him a suitable cauldron to brew ale in	in	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
The crowd fought to clamber aboard what few craft were available, but these soon became so overloaded that they	they	PRON	sank	VERB	 sank
Completion of the ship was further delayed by the low depth of the Ohio River which prevented her movement from	from	ADP	Cincinnati	PROPN	 Cincinnati
The parade was moved into Alexandra Park in 2011. The event hosts live stages and other activities alongside a	a	DET	parade	NOUN	 parade
Dunderdale played in all five games of the series, scoring two points. The following season, he scored	scored	VERB	22	NUM	 22
As of 2009, the direct descendants of Winton's Children numbered over 5000 people. The 2009 tribute Winston	Winston	PROPN	Train	PROPN	 Train
The 18th DVD volume was the eighth best selling anime DVD in Japan in June 2000. Animerica contributor Kevin	Kevin	PROPN	Lew	PROPN	 Lew
Sphenodon guntheri is present naturally on one small island with a population of approximately 400. In 1995, 50	50	NUM	juvenile	NOUN	 juvenile
In the nineteenth century Białystok was an important center for light industry, which was the reason for the substantial	substantial	ADJ	growth	NOUN	 growth
It was late on 1 August when the British fleet appeared in the bay, and the French were at	at	ADP	anchor	NOUN	 anchor
In fact, I'll even do one of your shows so the ratings will be better. " Como	Como	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The movie received a 3.3 household rating and drew 2.7 million viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research, enough	enough	ADV	to	PART	 to
The city has one of the most extensive bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the	the	DET	Greater	PROPN	 Greater
The female figure shades her eyes, either against the brightness of the angel or to block out the horror	horror	NOUN	taking	VERB	 taking
The scoring with the obbligato instruments flute and oboe d'amore in contrast to the strings is unusual, sometimes the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
This gave them an approximate range of 16,000 yards (15,000 m). Secondary armament of the Fuji class	class	NOUN	consisted	VERB	 consisted
The last issues were the April 1960 Future Science Fiction and the May 1960 Science Fiction Stories. James Taurasi	Taurasi	PROPN	acquired	VERB	 acquired
The live album was titled Live from Paris (En Vivo Desde París in Hispanic countries), and was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
It was published by Square Enix on January 24, 2007. A promotional album, Breath of Mana,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Martin's work transformed the profile of Parlophone from a " sad little company " to a very profitable business	business	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Price apparently never sent the letter, placing it instead into his " Letting Off Steam File ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Jackson's death forced the concerts to be canceled. In 2010, Holley host a weekend at the LA	LA	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
The opening of the line and the conversion of the Ardrossan railway to run in connection, enabled a fast	fast	ADJ	service	NOUN	 service
This interchange only provides access to and from the west of Highway 401, but immediately north of it,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
This does not require the defendants ' actions to directly result in the fraud; in R v Hollinshead,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Sabu then appeared attacking Jarrett and Rhino with Raven. At Sacrifice, NWA Championship Committee member Larry Zbyszko added	added	VERB	a	DET	 a
His work has earned Mr. Gehry several of the most significant awards in the architectural field, including the Pritzker	Pritzker	PROPN	Architecture	PROPN	 Architecture
The Workmans struggled with labor problems continually, needing local porters to carry gear for them because they could not	not	PART	carry	VERB	 carry
" According to Furtado, the song is related to how people become " hot on themselves " when dancing	dancing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When landslides closed the canal in October 1915, all American Hawaiian ships, including Pennsylvanian, returned to the	the	DET	Straits	PROPN	 Straits
The second volume was released on May 26, 2016. The Charlotte anime television series is directed by Yoshiyuki	Yoshiyuki	PROPN	Asai	PROPN	 Asai
In 1905, in an essay titled " If Whitman had been an Architect ", Holden made an anonymous	anonymous	ADJ	plea	NOUN	 plea
" The episode guest starred Marcus York, as the " no nonsense " building manager for the Scranton business	business	NOUN	park	NOUN	 park
Also, the treeless alpine habitats are the areas favored by Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep. This species, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
At 10: 20, Wickson, the F 15C flight lead, reported entering northern Iraq to the AWACS	AWACS	PROPN	controller	NOUN	 controller
Martin Gottlieb of the Dayton Daily News, a Democratic newspaper, thought McEwen's performances showed why he had	had	AUX	remained	VERB	 remained
The French offer was flatly refused and diplomatic relations between France and Madagascar were broken off in November 1894.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
The Apology is vain and self serving, as both his contemporaries and later commentators have pointed out, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Nagel writes that " The Sun Also Rises was a dramatic literary event and its effects have not diminished over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Medications may be prescribed to treat sleep problems and depression. Analgesics such as ibuprofen can be taken for headache	headache	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The rain and snowmelt caused flooding throughout Pennsylvania and ice jams made this worse on many streams. Elsewhere in	in	ADP	Lycoming	PROPN	 Lycoming
He published an account: What I Saw in Russia, but the impact of the visit was overshadowed by	by	ADP	accusations	NOUN	 accusations
The Chiefs players gave the Buccaneers little credit after the victory, saying that the AFC was superior to the	the	DET	NFC	PROPN	 NFC
Likewise Adolf Juell, with 20 years ' experience at sea as mate and captain, took the post of	of	ADP	cook	NOUN	 cook
The freedom of the press and the freedom of speech are guaranteed by the constitution of Croatia. Croatia ranked	ranked	VERB	62nd	NOUN	 62nd
Four of these deaths were due to M. pilosula, while the remaining two died from a M. pyriformis sting	sting	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the announcement, the executives stated that Darabont would serve as writer, director, and an executive producer	producer	NOUN	alongside	ADP	 alongside
He was replaced in the team by Ronnie Whelan. Liverpool went on to win the league title after finishing	finishing	VERB	four	NUM	 four
It was estimated that another $450,000 would be needed to remove the bridge's concrete counter weights and $	$	SYM	8	NUM	8
The West Virginia portion was under construction by 1976, and work in both states was completed by 1983.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A 1926 portrayal of Queen Calafia and her Amazons is found in a mural in the Room of the Dons	Dons	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
In the case of pterosaurs like Pterorhynchus and Pterodactylus, the true extent of these crests has only been uncovered	uncovered	VERB	using	VERB	 using
Uniform designs for Anatoray's musketeers were based on Napoleon Bonaparte's army and American Civil War soldiers. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Devers noted in his diary that Clark's response " shows quite well his lack of judgment and tact	tact	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
A Park and Ride service links Basingstoke leisure park with Basing View, via Basingstoke Railway Station. This service	service	NOUN	provides	VERB	 provides
He felt that the series worked better as multi episode arcs rather than as stand alone episodes. " Daedalus	Daedalus	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Rain is a major component of the water cycle and is responsible for depositing most of the fresh water on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two species are similar in size, but again differ in details of the dentition. In two specimens	specimens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The use of chiral sulfides in a stoichiometric fashion has proved more successful than the corresponding catalytic variants, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Following his retirement, he became a goaltending coach for the Barrie Colts of the OHL. As a 15	15	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
In the later part of the 18th and through the 19th century, criticism centred on debates over the moral	moral	ADJ	message	NOUN	 message
The author describes the beliefs and practices and doctrine of the organisation, including some of its more controversial methodology	methodology	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
The 1st BCS was echeloned to the right with Tiger in the rear and the furthest to the west,	,	PUNCT	closest	ADJ	 closest
Police soon learn the wadding from a blank was accidentally fired into Todd, and a horrified Reggie faces manslaughter	manslaughter	NOUN	charges	NOUN	 charges
Penn State did improve on third downs, converting 7 of 18, but remained in the bottom of the	the	DET	FBS	PROPN	 FBS
Bentley was accompanied by Traci to the ring. Bentley won the match for his team by pinning Shelley after	after	ADP	kicking	VERB	 kicking
Not far from NY 454, NY 111 has a short concurrency with CR 76 (Townline Road) along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
Prior to the dismissal, the Liberal Party had used its majority in the Australian Senate to block supply bills	bills	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The bells were to be displayed and rung on patriotic occasions. Many of the bells today are sited near	near	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
Once a couple had married, the new wife was obligated to visit the family temple so she could become	become	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
The offensive marked the first significant Bosnian Serb defeat in the war and placed the HV in a favourable position	position	NOUN	to	PART	 to
At Murray Springs, archaeologists discovered a 13,100 year old object made from a mammoth femur; the object is	is	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The work eventually expanded to include documentation of the whole family and was retitled the Family Book. To encourage	encourage	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The package of funding needed to purchase and introduce the Globemasters into service was provided as a supplement to the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
The Canucks entered the 2010 playoffs as the third seed for the second consecutive year. Raymond contributed three goals	goals	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A 160 acre (65 ha) lake known as Lilly Lake is in the watershed of Little Wapwallopen Creek	Creek	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Michigan scored two touchdowns in the third quarter, tying the score with 3: 11 remaining in the quarter	quarter	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Vermigli had a direct role in the modifications of the Book of Common Prayer of 1552. He is also	also	ADV	believed	VERB	 believed
The girl informs him that he died some time ago, and that he is a Torch (トーチ,	,	PUNCT	Tōchi	PROPN	 Tōchi
That year, Pryce had a small but pivotal role as Zarniwoop in the 12th episode of the Hitchhiker's	's	PART	Guide	PROPN	 Guide
... The purpose of a subsidy from the Exchequer was to lay foundations for an English opera, such as	as	SCONJ	is	AUX	 is
" The overall interface was also considered more intuitive and flexible than that of PlayStation 4, but its game	game	NOUN	library	NOUN	 library
Thomas recalled Gregory Pterotos, a general and nephew of Leo V whom Michael had exiled to the island of	of	ADP	Skyros	PROPN	 Skyros
In the storey above were the dwelling and common living rooms of the residents in which were the larders,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
British and American maritime fur traders began visiting the Northwest Coast in 1785, at which time it was mostly	mostly	ADV	unexplored	ADJ	 unexplored
Despite the risk, they hid Hambleton in the bottom of the sampan, covered him with bamboo, and	and	CCONJ	started	VERB	 started
Otto Ville Kuusinen formulated a proposal for a new constitution, influenced by those of Switzerland and the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Various scenes in the Discovery centrifuge were shot by securing set pieces within the wheel, then rotating it while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
These were the West Country and Battle of Britain class Light Pacifics, the first of which entered service in	in	ADP	1945	NUM	 1945
Syaoran is introduced in Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle as a young archaeologist who often visits the Kingdom of Clow and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
During 41 starts in 55 races, Pearson finished the 1963 season sixth in points for Cotton Owens. He	He	PRON	held	VERB	 held
On December 28, 2004, 0verflow released a public trial of School Days and announced that the company would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The other contains lyrics from " I am the Walrus " by The Beatles. Mulder visits O'Fallon, who	who	PRON	admits	VERB	 admits
In particular, Japan promulgated a ten year naval build up programme, with the construction of six battleships and	and	CCONJ	six	NUM	 six
Räikkönen rejoined ahead of Kubica, while Heidfeld came out ahead of both Alonso and Webber, to elevate himself	himself	PRON	to	ADP	 to
The ship made several deployments to the Eastern Mediterranean and the Levant during her career. At the beginning of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Genetic predisposition for DPB susceptibility has been localized to two HLA haplotypes (a nucleotide or gene sequence difference between	between	ADP	paired	VERB	 paired
The French did attack, and Boehm refused to fulfil the insurance claim. Mansfield decided in favour of Boehm	Boehm	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He attended Oak Park and River Forest High School and upon graduation, started attending Northern Illinois University (NIU	NIU	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Paul Wee was the layout artist for the sequence. Marge's voice actor, Julie Kavner, praised it	it	PRON	for	ADP	 for
There are chapels of the Wesleyan, Baptist, Independent Methodist, and Primitive Methodist denominations; a Congregational church	church	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
All of the survivors, except Garland, had ' A ' or ' B ' gun replaced by a	a	DET	Hedgehog	PROPN	 Hedgehog
In all, the hurricane caused at least 21 deaths, primarily due to drowning in high waters. Damage	Damage	NOUN	totaled	VERB	 totaled
For example, the types of convex pentagon that can tile the plane remains an unsolved problem. Mathematically,	,	PUNCT	tessellations	NOUN	 tessellations
M 24 continues north through the Bald Mountain Recreation Area and along the eastern shore of Lake Orion in the	the	DET	village	NOUN	 village
The development of the C5 took place over 19 months in conditions of great secrecy, with testing carried out	out	ADP	at	ADP	 at
Gilbert had also offered Sullivan another libretto, His Excellency (1894), but Gilbert's insistence on casting	casting	VERB	Nancy	PROPN	 Nancy
It was only the third time in the award's 26 years that an urban Aboriginal artist had been the	the	DET	winner	NOUN	 winner
She performed the song on the American morning news and talk show, Good Morning America during an episode which	which	PRON	aired	VERB	 aired
In Wilberforce's home town of Hull, a public subscription in 1834 funded the Wilberforce Monument, a 31	31	NUM	metre	NOUN	 metre
Despite its apparent importance in hydrogen peroxide removal, humans with genetic deficiency of catalase — " acatalasemia " —	—	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The move generated criticism from the cricketing community who felt that Lindwall's service merited a more dignified farewell.	.	PUNCT	Lindwall	PROPN	 Lindwall
In this bow shock, large concentrations of cometary ions (called " pick up ions ") congregate and	and	CCONJ	act	VERB	 act
Insects may be either gleaned from the bark of trees and from leaves, or caught in the air.	.	PUNCT	Certain	ADJ	 Certain
CR 106 was once part of NY 210 before it was truncated to NY 17A in Greenwood Lake. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the U.S. Army joined the efforts it took on its final name " Avrocar ", and the designation	designation	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In December 2014, Atlantis announced that onshore construction at the project site for connection to the electricity transmission grid	grid	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Much of the sudden increase in breast cancer cases is attributed to the rise in Westernisation of the country.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The district also operates a K 8 open school program, Ann Arbor Open School, out of the former	former	ADJ	Mack	PROPN	 Mack
In 1853, Bowers married farmer Alexander Cowan. Two years later the couple joined a mission to Mormon Station	Station	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This role was Barrington's least favourite of the series, and he attributed Ida's relatively short run,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
It allowed the district of Sogn access to Bergen and Oslo via the Bergen Line. Electric traction was taken	taken	VERB	into	ADP	 into
He returned to the site for further investigations in August 1905 but discovered no new monuments. The Peabody Museum	Museum	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
After the game, with hundreds of Stevenage fans calling for Westley to be sacked, he confronted fans in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Under Beria's command, police terror was used to strengthen the party's political hold on the population and	and	CCONJ	suppress	VERB	 suppress
H.M.S. Pinafore ran in London for 571 performances, the second longest run of any musical theatre piece in history	history	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
" Television columnist Alan Sepinwall for The Star Ledger disliked the bubble concept, reporting, " [t]	]	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
He appeared in three successful Malayalam films by appearing with Mammooty, Suresh Gopi and Jayaram in Joshi's successful	successful	ADJ	action	NOUN	 action
On the island of Lundy the number of puffins decreased from 3,500 pairs in 1939 to 10 pairs in 2000	2000	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Later in 1919 Kanae moved to Ueda, the mountainous Nagano village where his parents lived. He secured funding	funding	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
However, rain caused " shorts and failures in sophisticated electrical components " when F 22s were posted to Guam	Guam	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The divisional history called this attack " one of the most magnificent sights of the war... wave after wave	wave	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Florida State had three players selected in the first round of the draft and seven players taken overall. Peter	Peter	PROPN	Warrick	PROPN	 Warrick
It continued to increase after this, peaking at 28 weeks in June 1944. No. 8 Service Flying	Flying	PROPN	Training	PROPN	 Training
By using intoxicating drinks, they thought to put the thrall girl in an ecstatic trance that made her psychic	psychic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
I'd far rather work than hang around the house – even though there are days when I can hardly	hardly	ADV	get	VERB	 get
In the course of a 25 minute test an early R engine would consume 60 Imperial gallons (gal)	)	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
This line combined with the existing line between Seghill and North Tyneside to form the Blyth and Tyne Railway.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" Lifesong " received mostly positive reception from music critics. John DiBiase of Jesus Freak Hideout described it as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Volt team explained that for the launch General Motors decided to go with a common national package which includes	includes	VERB	an	DET	 an
In 1521, however, Henry Clifford held a Christmas feast at the castle, after which a major fire	fire	NOUN	broke	VERB	 broke
1128. After the suppression of Óengus of Moray's rebellion in 1130, King David must have regarded the	the	DET	continued	VERB	 continued
The individuals involved in the murder included relatives of Babli (Grandfather Gangaraj who is said to have been a	a	DET	Khap	PROPN	 Khap
Rain forests are characterized by high rainfall, with definitions setting minimum normal annual rainfall between 1,750 millimetres (69	69	NUM	in	ADP	 in
So I've become very lucky, and I'm very grateful. You don't control the situations or	or	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
RAJAR figures taken between April and May in 2008 showed that 14.5 million people have listened to radio online with	with	ADP	9.4	NUM	 9.4
Copeland began ballet study at Lauridsen Ballet Centre with former ABT dancer Diane Lauridsen, although her dancing was now	now	ADV	restricted	VERB	 restricted
Because no premaxillae were found, the bones could not be distinguished from those of the house sparrow. Tchernov	Tchernov	PROPN	argued	VERB	 argued
At the time of the Gulf Oil merger in 1985 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
Spetsai and her sisters saw extensive service with the Greek Navy. They participated in the Greco – Turkish War	War	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Five seven's magazine can be disassembled for cleaning or lubrication by removing the polymer floorplate. The magazine	magazine	NOUN	body	NOUN	 body
He was arrested on drunk driving charges and had his vehicle impounded. Barkley refused to submit a breath test	test	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The site chosen for the dock to be built on was an area of land bordered by Salthouse Dock to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In October 2013, Tony Curran tweeted that he would be portraying Odin's father, Bor, in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The event featured a female Noh performer Ryoko Aoki. William Butler Yeats – Yeats wrote an essay on Noh	Noh	PROPN	titled	VERB	 titled
The track was ranked number 19 on Spin's list of top 20 K pop songs of 2012. The	The	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Sorsha leads Willow and Raziel to the ritual chamber where they interrupt Elora's sacrifice. Bavmorda and Raziel have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Hän village of Tr ' ochëk along Deer Creek was considered to be too close to the new town	town	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the episode, the Simpson family goes to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in search of a Brazilian orphan	orphan	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
The next day it had difficulty in holding the hill against counterattacks. By September 4 it had become clear	clear	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
In 30 games (21 starts), he had a 4 – 8 record, a 5.22 ERA,	,	PUNCT	98	NUM	 98
An online version of the report quickly became the most read news item in China. These two stories along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Interstate 10 leaves downtown through the George Wallace Tunnel under the river and then over the bay across the Jubilee	Jubilee	PROPN	Parkway	PROPN	 Parkway
The group had written a dozen songs after three weeks and invited their manager, Rick DeVoe, to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
Measuring 5 m × 9.50 m (16.4 ft × 31.2 ft), the narthex is the part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Chidori (千鳥, lit. " One Thousand Birds ") was created by Kakashi Hatake during his	his	PRON	childhood	NOUN	 childhood
The game was later displayed at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in Los Angeles during May 1996.	.	PUNCT	Pilotwings	PROPN	 Pilotwings
Assuming the enemy to have fled, Smith's men approached the town's fortress, but a heavy fire	fire	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Cofresí confessed to capturing a French sloop in Vieques; a Danish schooner; a sailing ship from St. Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The modern value, for the WGS 84 reference spheroid, is 1.000 196 57 m or 443.383 08 lignes	lignes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This would allow the Ring Line to share the physical track with the Gjøvik Line on the section from Storo	Storo	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
It was organized and helmed by John Howard Raymond, president of the college. While Raymond was the organization	organization	NOUN	's	PART	's
The alternative ending was planned to be used if a third series was going to be commissioned, as this	this	DET	ending	NOUN	 ending
' " A 2006 study published by Indiana University tried to compare the substantive amount of information of The Daily	Daily	PROPN	Show	PROPN	 Show
She stated, however, that she " probably won ’ t be singing along to them in my car	car	NOUN	anytime	ADV	 anytime
" Edge described Cloud as an example of " excellent design and characterization ". Famitsu in 2010 published a	a	DET	seven	NUM	 seven
. The predominate bout on the card was for the TNA X Division Championship, in which then champion A.J.	A.J.	PROPN	Styles	PROPN	 Styles
At 1613Z, almost three hours into the flight of the unresponsive Learjet, two F 16s from the 138th	138th	ADJ	Fighter	PROPN	 Fighter
He heads to her house, which is eerily quiet. Going in, he discovers a bottle of whiskey	whiskey	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In their write up, RTÉ.ie advised, " park the snootiness before pressing the play button because while The	The	DET	Astonishing	PROPN	 Astonishing
Harrison commented on gardening as a form of escapism: " Sometimes I feel like I'm actually on the	the	DET	wrong	ADJ	 wrong
Temple described him as " narcissistic ", " preening " and " ruthless... without sentiment ". McInnerny	McInnerny	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
Czechoslovakia's team was quickly improving; it won the 1947 and 1949 World Championships. At the 1952 Winter	Winter	PROPN	Olympics	PROPN	 Olympics
When the disappearance of Washington's army was discovered in the morning, Cornwallis immediately gave chase, but his	his	PRON	troops	NOUN	 troops
While songs were selected to make sure that guitar, bass, and drums all had great parts, they	they	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Horses he beat that day included Golden Soul, who later placed second in the Kentucky Derby, and I	I	PRON	've	AUX	've
It is north west of fields and the A4 next to Heathrow Airport. Built in the early 15th century	century	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Named after the 18th century Russian general Prince (Knyaz) Alexander Suvorov, the ship was completed after the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
A shock absorber beneath the seat eases riding on uneven terrain and helps in turning by maximizing ski snow contact	contact	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ambassador from Milan wrote in 1531 that it was essential to have her approval if one wanted to influence	influence	VERB	the	DET	 the
That same year, NBC began its attempts to win the television rights to Queen for a Day from Mutual	Mutual	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He became a free agent following the conclusion of the season. A free agent in 2002, Lofton signed	signed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Frank Case, owner of the hotel, ensured a daily luncheon for the talented group of young writers by	by	ADP	treating	VERB	 treating
Mining has been done in the Solomon Creek watershed in the past, causing considerable environmental damage. The mining	mining	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The 22nd Jagannatha Ratha yatra Krishna Festival took place in Glastonbury on Sunday 4 October 2015. Devotees of the	the	DET	Krishna	PROPN	 Krishna
The territory of southern Baranja was ceded to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes on the premise that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Its surface circulation remained ill defined as it produced another round of heavy rainfall across northwest Louisiana on September 1	1	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The proceeds of the single went to the Disasters Emergency Committee. Smith said " It's a real honour	honour	NOUN	to	PART	 to
At the time, France had just conquered Vietnam and made it a part of French Indochina. Along with	with	ADP	Thuyet	PROPN	 Thuyet
This theme covers 20 – 30% of the exam. The fourth theme, which covers 30 – 40	40	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Two " paper railroads " were proposed for Larrys Creek: the " Larry's Creek Railroad and Coal Company	Company	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Thus, even though her father was a duke, Catherine was of relatively low birth. However her mother	mother	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1531 a complaint was sent by the encomenderos of Hispaniola that Las Casas was again accusing them of mortal	mortal	ADJ	sins	NOUN	 sins
He next intended to write an unrelated postmodern space opera, titled The Log of the Mustang Sally, but	but	CCONJ	reneged	VERB	 reneged
There, the battleships served as training ships. In 1929, the ship's 3 inch anti aircraft guns	guns	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In 2000, Conteh coauthored a study published in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology comparing the efficacy and outcome of	of	ADP	diagnosing	VERB	 diagnosing
On 26 September 1878 he married his first wife, Helene Förster Peters. From 1877 to 1887 he wrote	wrote	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Duško Knežević was found guilty of crimes against humanity (murder, torture, sexual violence, persecution, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Lyrically, the song reflects on Madonna's childhood including her mother's death and her father's reaction,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, the lower socioeconomic status children did worse on the test when they received directions in an evaluative way	way	NOUN	than	SCONJ	 than
His children, including his eldest son and heir, Cecil, who was born in the winter of 1605	1605	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
There Morgan told his counselors that he would agree to help shore up Moore & Schley only if the trust	trust	NOUN	companies	NOUN	 companies
Each PT boat would carry twenty 55 gallon drums of additional fuel on the deck. This reduced the top	top	ADJ	speed	NOUN	 speed
The rivalry between West Ham and Millwall is portrayed during the opening scenes of the film. Dhan Dhana Dhan	Dhan	PROPN	Goal	PROPN	 Goal
Mona reveals that she sent Homer a care package every week, although he never received them, and they	they	PRON	go	VERB	 go
" Watch Over Me " spent eight weeks on the ARIA Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 16	16	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
It won a Reuben Award, two Leo Awards and a SOCAN Award, and was also nominated for another	another	DET	four	NUM	 four
Miller had enjoyed his visit to the home of cricket. In eight innings at Lord's for the season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
to myself I cried, / If Lucy should be dead! ' And there the poem ends! "	"	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
She described this as " a mess table and comfortable quarters for sick and convalescent officers ", and provided	provided	VERB	succour	NOUN	 succour
Fossil remains indicate tigers were also present in Borneo and Palawan in the Philippines during the late Pleistocene and Holocene	Holocene	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Further restriction occurred in the late 20th and early 21st centuries, researchers such as Ronan Allain and Dan Chure	Chure	PROPN	suggesting	VERB	 suggesting
On June 23, 2015, Flock Favorites was added with 15 levels inspired by previous episodes. On December	December	PROPN	11	NUM	 11
The monument has managed to attract several international media coverage in specific before and during the visit of Pope Benedict	Benedict	PROPN	XVI	PROPN	 XVI
Kodak declined to issue a certificate of authenticity. Gardner believed that the Kodak technicians might not have examined the	the	DET	photographs	NOUN	 photographs
It has more tense with closer lip aperture and more friction than the voiceless wh of English ". According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Webber supports the North Melbourne Kangaroos in the Australian Football League. In November 2003, Webber organised and competed	competed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He then rounded off his preparation for the next Test series with consecutive fifties for Tamil Nadu in the Ranji	Ranji	PROPN	Trophy	PROPN	 Trophy
However, this campaign was ultimately a failure due to a rival military officer of Shen disobeying direct orders,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Evans states that most German citizens disapproved of the genocide. Some Polish citizens tried to rescue or hide the	the	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
There is a real, human yearning for mercy in it — Mariah ’ s true cry for help from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rivadavia cites Hammerheart as a landmark album that " formally introduced " to the metal world the " archetypical Viking	Viking	PROPN	metal	NOUN	 metal
NY 38 passes through much of the county, ending about 4 miles (6 km) south of the	the	DET	shoreline	NOUN	 shoreline
Before non Lutheran churches were granted toleration in 1809, clampdowns on illegal forms of worship and teaching often provoked	provoked	VERB	whole	ADJ	 whole
William W. Powers State Recreation Area is on Chicago's far southeast side, off highways 94, 90,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Thus, the Ukrainian gangster and his henchmen kidnap and torture Homer as bait to lure Wayne. Wayne tracks	tracks	VERB	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
) " Carey is also credited for introducing R & B and hip hop into mainstream pop culture, and	and	CCONJ	for	ADP	 for
Longfellow had her body embalmed immediately and placed in a lead coffin inside an oak coffin which was then shipped	shipped	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Two routes in the Detroit area — a loop through Farmington and a spur into Detroit — both using Grand	Grand	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Edward retreated to Caerphilly Castle and attempted to rally his remaining forces. Edward's authority collapsed in England where	where	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
7.96% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race. Among the Hispanic population, 6.1%	%	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Near the Orenco neighborhood is Imbrie Farm, which includes a house built in 1866 and the Frank Imbrie Barn	Barn	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Abbasid campaign was led personally by the Caliph al Mu'tasim (reigned 833 – 842), in retaliation	retaliation	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
After Henry James FitzRoy, Earl of Euston, was named in the press as a client, he successfully	successfully	ADV	sued	VERB	 sued
He was awarded the Long Service and Good Conduct Medal in 1905, and the Volunteer Officers ' Decoration in	in	ADP	1908	NUM	 1908
Chapter 9 discusses Dhyana limb of yoga. Dhyana can lead to freedom or bondage, depending on how and	and	CCONJ	what	PRON	 what
Like the " Orrery " and the " Wizard's Tower ", Bethesda set " The Vile Lair "	"	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
This period also saw the emergence of a new generation of Scottish poets that became leading figures on the UK	UK	PROPN	stage	NOUN	 stage
It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti, Duncan Faure, Club Nouveau, Coati Mundi and	and	CCONJ	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
Her sister ships were Sachsen, Baden, and Württemberg. Named for Bavaria, Bayern was built by the	the	DET	Imperial	PROPN	 Imperial
He qualified with these throws as the MHSAA regional champion as both a junior and senior, while also placing	placing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The AW101 is equipped with the Blue Kestrel search and detection radar which is capable of 360 degree scanning and	and	CCONJ	can	AUX	 can
The Buckman Act was controversial, as it changed the character of a historic coeducational state school into a school	school	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Hitmen play in the Central Division of the Western Hockey League (WHL). They play their home	home	NOUN	games	NOUN	 games
In 2005, the Base Realignment and Closure suggestions included the closure of the Vancouver Barracks, and the 104th	104th	ADJ	Division	PROPN	 Division
Pete Johnson in the Los Angeles Times wrote, " Dylan is a superbly eloquent writer of pop and folk	folk	NOUN	songs	NOUN	 songs
Sands ' election victory, combined with that of pro hunger strike candidates in the Northern Ireland local elections and	and	CCONJ	Dáil	PROPN	 Dáil
Due to their distinctive shape, they have been nicknamed " R2D2s ", in reference to the droid R2	R2	PROPN	D2	PROPN	 D2
In 1849, the Sherwoods moved to Twickenham, Middlesex, and in December of that year Captain Sherwood died	died	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Another technique, known as spit polishing or bull polishing, involves gently rubbing polish into the leather with a	a	DET	cloth	NOUN	 cloth
While approaching the closing stages of the season, his good performances with Bayern Munich II made Ottmar Hitzfeld,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It recommends the Mediterranean diet which is associated with health and longevity and is low in meat, rich in	in	ADP	fruits	NOUN	 fruits
Modern written Chinese, which replaced Classical Chinese as the written standard as an indirect result of the May Fourth	Fourth	PROPN	Movement	PROPN	 Movement
However, they went on to say that Christ had only a divine will and no human will (Monothelite	Monothelite	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Although the smoke cloud coming from the World Trade Center engulfed the building at one point, there was no	no	DET	structural	ADJ	 structural
Shaw even took a pair of scissors to the dried skin to check for stitches. The common name "	"	PUNCT	platypus	NOUN	 platypus
The video features Beyoncé and her two companions dancing inside an infinity cove, which alternates between black and white	white	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Grampa's parents both appear briefly in " Much Apu About Nothing " when Grampa tells the story of how	how	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Henry gave them an allowance of 5,000 livres, but in return extracted a statement from Clementina that she had	had	AUX	never	ADV	 never
On 25 October 1971, with opposition from the United States, but with the support of many Third World	World	PROPN	nations	NOUN	 nations
This makes management a challenge for policymakers, though at present, the cost of allowing overpopulation of feral horses	horses	NOUN	seems	VERB	 seems
Her determination to carry out a wide range of public duties won her widespread popularity. She twice represented her	her	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
The day's racing also produced another crash: this time Aru fell to the ground. Although he had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
It's always fun to have Georgina around. She justs stirs the pot in a major way. She	She	PRON	sort	ADV	 sort
An average of 23.2 million viewers in the United Kingdom watched the event, with an estimated 750 million worldwide	worldwide	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Phleps distinguished himself in the fighting at Kremenchuk and Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukraine, commanded his own Kampfgruppe, became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
They are, in the true sense of the word, guesses at truth, frequently contradicting each other,	,	PUNCT	yet	CCONJ	 yet
Below the dining room is a wine cellar. On the fifth floor of the circular tower is a room	room	NOUN	designed	VERB	 designed
General Sir Mike Jackson said he was " saddened " by the case. Marine A's guilty verdict led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Two 5.1 inch (130 mm), 50 pound Dahlgren rifles were fitted on the upper deck as chase	chase	ADJ	guns	NOUN	 guns
He said, " I needed to get a sense of who Todd was first, and that has to	to	PART	happen	VERB	 happen
The final segment of US 89 to the Idaho state line follows the lake's west shore, its location	location	NOUN	constrained	VERB	 constrained
From there, overland routes led to the Mediterranean coasts. Venetian merchants distributed then the goods through Europe until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
It spent 32 weeks on the Hot 100 and ended up at number five on Billboard magazine's year end	end	NOUN	chart	NOUN	 chart
It was released on December 14, 2009 by Warner Bros. Records and marked her final single release with the	the	DET	label	NOUN	 label
Built in 1840, it was part of Little Rock's first military installation. Since its decommissioning, The	The	DET	Tower	PROPN	 Tower
Word of Clinton's movements only reached Gates after the battle of Bemis Heights. In addition to the Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	's	PART	's
It portrayed Madonna in her first image makeover, with platinum blond curls, and conservative wardrobe. Madonna wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
The gauge of the new line was not yet determined, although the estimates had been prepared on the basis	basis	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Born in Ely, Nevada, she grew up with her two brothers in what is now Cerritos, California	California	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The covers of the The Nancy Drew Files and Girl Detective series represent further departures from the bold, confident	confident	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
Sports. He was also selected in March as one of six finalists for the Bob Cousy Award. On	On	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
Having premiered in the small sixty seat Royal Court Theatre, it quickly moved to larger venues in London,	,	PUNCT	transferring	VERB	 transferring
In a criminal proceeding on which Tilley sat as judge, the chief was sentenced to a year of house	house	NOUN	arrest	NOUN	 arrest
Ike Clanton's hat was found in the back of the building across Allen Street from where the shots were	were	AUX	fired	VERB	 fired
Reunion Tracks appeared on the Oricon charts for a single week at position # 108. Final Fantasy VII Advent	Advent	PROPN	Children	PROPN	 Children
Topographical maps were first produced by A.O. Wheeler in the early 1900s, and in the 1970s, Wheeler's	's	PART	grandson	NOUN	 grandson
While in Milan he passed two weeks between life and death, even being anointed. While on a bed	bed	NOUN	recovering	VERB	 recovering
On the production of " So Appalled ", he said " it's Kanye, the beat brings the	the	DET	ghost	NOUN	 ghost
He participated on Latin America's team in the Little League World Series, but due to his slight stature	stature	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
nu: under, beneath. ono: 1. in front of, ahead, before [in all	all	DET	relation	NOUN	 relation
Several camera crews used 1 ⁄ 2 in (13 mm) black and white portapaks and followed Maharaj Ji	Ji	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She spent a year writing and recording her solo debut album, Fired Up, working with a wide range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While crossing the northern Philippines, the two systems merged and became a single cyclone, retaining the name Lucille	Lucille	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" However, DA party agents from the voting station confirmed that the votes had already been counted. Party	Party	PROPN	agent	NOUN	 agent
By the end of the century, however, the castle was increasingly regarded as out of date from a	a	DET	military	ADJ	 military
The route, often subject to flooding from the waterlogged soil which it travelled over, was gradually improved,	,	PUNCT	especially	ADV	 especially
The 9th Brigade moved eastwards, crossing the railway 1 mile (1.6 km) north west of Qalqilye at	at	ADP	09	NUM	 09
In Texarkana (where the story is based), this film is shown to the public at Spring Lake	Lake	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
University of Montreal historian David Ownby notes that there are no " mid- or upper level tiers of the organization	organization	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
However, Highway 49 has no direct access to such a ring road, so many trucks bound to or	or	CCONJ	from	ADP	 from
The letter was discovered in 2009 when Steve Nunn was charged with the murder of his former fiancée, Amanda	Amanda	PROPN	Ross	PROPN	 Ross
Her main leisure interests include equestrianism and dogs, especially her Pembroke Welsh Corgis. Her lifelong love of corgis	corgis	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
He then sailed home across the Gulf. The next year, the Acarnanians made peace with the Spartans to	to	PART	avoid	VERB	 avoid
The music on Thrive has been described as contemporary Christian; and rock it was also described as " mid	mid	ADJ	'	PUNCT	 '
Within days of the action Hood had been promoted to rear admiral and awarded a pension of £500 a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
In February 2008, Woon was appointed by the Ministry of Finance to chair a steering committee to review the	the	DET	Companies	PROPN	 Companies
The US Electronic Communications Privacy Act places limitations on the ability of law enforcement or civil investigators to intercept and	and	CCONJ	access	NOUN	 access
She makes dialogue sound better than it is by a matchless beauty and clarity of diction ". He wrote	wrote	VERB	The	DET	 The
Though Gannon insisted that this was not ultimately his decision, but instead was down to the board. Striker	Striker	PROPN	Liam	PROPN	 Liam
Fifty sisters are exposed and executed, while twenty are able to escape. Taking advantage of the weakened White	White	PROPN	Tower	PROPN	 Tower
" Once on the street, she caught the eye of a man who took her into a saloon,	,	PUNCT	bought	VERB	 bought
Halo 4 features updated versions of many human and Covenant weaponry from previous Halo games, as well as introducing	introducing	VERB	new	ADJ	 new
The protagonist also foils an attempt to Kumiko for unknown reasons. After taking down each of the five major	major	ADJ	demon	NOUN	 demon
The gene targeting approach uses a specially designed RNA enzyme to inhibit strains of the herpes simplex virus. The	The	DET	enzyme	NOUN	 enzyme
She describes Roland through traditionally feminine roles: She was her husband's friend, companion, amanuensis; fearful	fearful	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
After each team again traded punts, Alabama drove the ball to the Bulldogs ' one yard line. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
At Banagher, there are ridges on both sides of the river and roads were built along these many centuries	centuries	NOUN	ago	ADV	 ago
The Carnegie Hall concert was held specifically for the purpose of recording a live album, despite Shankar's hesitations	hesitations	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
The railway runs in an approximately north easterly direction along the Fathew valley, mainly through fields of local farms	farms	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Should a party member lose health or mana points, they can be restored by using provisions. The errands	errands	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
It also served as the highest court of appeal in certain judicial cases. The assembly of the tribes (	(	PUNCT	i.e.	X	i.e.
Unfortunately, someone has to lose ". Platt, a former Northern Ireland international, was equally optimistic.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Schnaufer had to wait two months to achieve another victory, claiming the destruction of two Vickers Wellingtons and one	one	NUM	Armstrong	PROPN	 Armstrong
There he contracted tuberculosis and later died of that disease at the age of 34. Carte's London house	house	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Verna confesses that she once sexually assaulted former professional basketball player Scottie Pippen. When Pete tells Tracy that actress	actress	NOUN	Novella	PROPN	 Novella
(MLSE) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
The book follows Marguerite from the ages of 17 to 19, through a series of relationships, occupations,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite leading them to a 103 49 record, the Flamigos finished the season one game behind his former team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Northern Extension Center of the University of Kentucky had been founded in Covington in 1948. After Ashland,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Poole, Thomas (2010), " Judicial Review at the Margins: Law, Power, and Prerogative	Prerogative	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Cog " opens with a close up on a transmission bearing rolling down a board into a synchro hub	hub	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As the nuclear deterrence mission was given to the Royal Navy's submarine launched Polaris missiles in 1969, a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
It extended Carey's lead as the female artist with the most number one singles in the country. The	The	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Lochry's force was part of an army being raised by George Rogers Clark for a campaign against Detroit,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Well, how on earth can you possibly do this? You can't write and record a song in	in	ADP	half	DET	 half
The magnitude of intensification was poorly forecast and both forecast models and meteorologists suffered from record high prediction errors.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The rainfall led to record flooding in the area; the flooding washed out several roads near Kununurra, including	including	VERB	a	DET	 a
King Stephen was captured by Matilda's forces on 2 February 1141, and Matilda called a council at Westminster	Westminster	PROPN	to	PART	 to
On their return to Alexandria, the Khedive Muhammad Ali Pasha, offered the two obelisks standing at the entrance	entrance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To compensate for the removal of tag team gameplay, several new game modes, such as Hero Battle and	and	CCONJ	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
The Tempo survey suggested that it was effective propaganda, leading viewers to " reject all that smelled of the	the	DET	PKI	PROPN	 PKI
The English opener had been uncertain against Johnson's spin and played forward too early at a slower ball,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The genre is less popular in the new millennium, as well as being hampered by compatibility issues, but	but	CCONJ	retains	VERB	 retains
It is notably used by some species of squid, such as the midwater squid, Abralia veranyi. These	These	PRON	have	VERB	 have
On 8 February, Benfica visited the Estádio Municipal da Marinha Grande to play União de Leiria. The final	final	ADJ	score	NOUN	 score
At least two sons were born to Aldfrith, but whether Cuthburh was their mother is unrecorded. Osred,	,	PUNCT	born	VERB	 born
Her OCD suffers a severe resurgence under the stress of their visit. A helpless Will apologizes, and joins	joins	VERB	Emma	PROPN	 Emma
As with every season, they laid out the third season's storyline a year in advance. The season	season	NOUN	finale	NOUN	 finale
On 6 April Paul Taylor attempted to shout out the prisoners ' demands to the crowd gathered below, but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
" The city was home to at least one al Qaeda leader before bin Laden. Operational chief Abu Faraj	Faraj	PROPN	al	PROPN	 al
It debuted in the U.S. at number twenty six on the week ending November 21, 2009, and remained	remained	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The new west front was given a stonework façade and incorporated the Elizabethan south front. In the grounds,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
At 0000 UTC on July 29, according to the JMA, the typhoon attained a minimum barometric pressure of	of	ADP	900	NUM	 900
On 17 August 1831, The Rothesay Castle, a wooden hulled paddle steamer on a day trip from Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was issued for the 100th anniversary of the voyage of the ship Restauration, bringing early Norwegian immigrants to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Humour, also, is important: scholar Molly Mahood identifies at least 175 puns and wordplays in the text	text	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kendrick signed a one year deal with the Colorado Rockies on February 4, 2015. He was later named	named	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ending C: Events proceed as in Ending B, but when the Casket attacks Manah, she manages to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
He subsequently received a three match ban and £5,000 fine from the Football Association. Gascoigne signed a two	two	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Rivers is a composer who has worked on the sketch comedy show Human Giant, which starred Parks star Aziz	Aziz	PROPN	Ansari	PROPN	 Ansari
Not such sad news after all! Mixers HQ x ". Syco solicited the single to radio stations in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A " Jupiter mass " (MJ or MJup) is often used as a unit to describe masses of	of	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Ikata is surrounded on three sides by ocean — the Iyo Sea (part of the Inland Sea) to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Vezhdi Rashidov, the Minister of Culture, himself a sculptor, took the initiative to see through the project	project	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Her mother's ancestry is Austrian Jewish, " Catholic Viennese " and Italian. Weisz's mother was brought	brought	VERB	up	ADP	 up
A strong tropical wave approached the Lesser Antilles on September 20. Reconnaissance aircraft reports indicated the system initially lacked	lacked	VERB	a	DET	 a
All of her primary and secondary weapons were removed, though her turrets were still mounted. The plane handling	handling	NOUN	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
It was developed over five years by Daisuke " Pixel " Amaya in his free time. Cave Story features	features	VERB	2D	NOUN	 2D
Bart's voice actress, Nancy Cartwright, said it is one of her top three episodes together with "	"	PUNCT	Bart	PROPN	 Bart
The bill allowed rulers who violated the laws to be prosecuted, while the Sedition Act of 1948 was also	also	ADV	amended	VERB	 amended
" Artist Christian Remick hand colored some prints. Some copies of the print show a man with two chest	chest	NOUN	wounds	NOUN	 wounds
In this role, she went on annual summer cruises to various ports. During the Russo Turkish War of	of	ADP	1877	NUM	 1877
However, the dowager queen died at the age of 40 on 18 September 1559. John Sigismund's rule	rule	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The Crusaders, feeling betrayed by Alexios, who was able to recover a number of important cities and islands	islands	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In his first start, the following week against Washington State, the Vols won 10 – 9. They	They	PRON	won	VERB	 won
On August 22, 2014 Kong was part of a # 1 contender four corner survival match to challenge Ivelisse	Ivelisse	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
On March 26, Adam Schefter reported that the Eagles expected Kolb to be the starting quarterback for the 2010	2010	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
San Martín also knew that most of the soldiers of the Army of the Andes would not be willing to	to	PART	aid	VERB	 aid
He came to view the Ottoman Empire as his chief enemy in the 1470s, and in 1474 he refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
" He envisioned a building akin to Harvard's University Club and the University of Pennsylvania's Houston Club;	;	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The Story Mode, reveals the game's plot through battles interleaved with conversations between the player character and its	its	PRON	enemies	NOUN	 enemies
Leigh's family, who had learned of the play, attended a private screening of it; some of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
By the time Zhuge Liang arrived, Cao Cao had already sent Sun Quan a letter boasting of commanding 800,000	800,000	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
In 2002, he extended his MLB record with his eighth straight 30 save season. Hoffman was named to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Facades removed from 19th century buildings on the original Mamilla Street were placed on new construction in the mall.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
In the 1999 – 00 season Gillingham qualified for the play offs again, where they faced Wigan Athletic in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Robin Williams also received an Emmy Award nomination for Guest Actor in a Drama Series. It was the only	only	ADJ	Emmy	ADJ	 Emmy
It began on the evening of 20 October 1728 and continued to burn until the morning of 23 October.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Finely grated potassium ignites in air at room temperature. The bulk metal ignites in air if heated. Because	Because	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The resulting magazine, Poedjangga Baroe, was first published in July 1933. During its publishing run, the	the	DET	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Lewis persuaded him to stay on until the new party was formed. Lewis was elected party president at the	the	DET	July	PROPN	 July
The models do not assume the climate will warm due to increasing levels of greenhouse gases. Instead the models	models	NOUN	predict	VERB	 predict
Yoda says Luke is correct, but that he also would have accepted the end celebration in which an extra	extra	ADJ	allegedly	ADV	 allegedly
The Czech Republic were not expected to make an impact against the favoured German side in their opening match;	;	PUNCT	Nedvěd	PROPN	 Nedvěd
They chase Lepus, the hare, although Hyginus says some critics thought this too base a prey for the	the	DET	noble	ADJ	 noble
" " I'm Eighteen " comes between two straight ahead rockers: " Long Way to Go " and	and	CCONJ	album	NOUN	 album
Mexican General Antonio López de Santa Anna discovered, through an intercepted letter from Scott, that Taylor had contributed	contributed	VERB	all	PRON	 all
Around the same time, the count focused on two other projects: the first grew out of his longstanding	longstanding	ADJ	interest	NOUN	 interest
Sigmodontinae itself is the largest subfamily of the family Cricetidae, other members of which include voles, lemmings,	,	PUNCT	hamsters	NOUN	 hamsters
A week later, the Centre faction openly split, with a breakaway group endorsing Hyde. On 5 November	November	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Their acrimonious divorce had the actress accusing Hargitay of kidnapping one of her children to force a more favorable	favorable	ADJ	financial	ADJ	 financial
There she met with the 10 gun brig sloop, Lyra, despatched earlier to herald the arrival of Britain	Britain	PROPN	's	PART	's
He explained that although he accepts that " clitoral orgasm plays a pleasurable and central role in female sexuality and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The instrumentation of " Ring the Alarm " includes drums, clattering percussion instrument, treble synthesizers, and bass	bass	NOUN	instrument	NOUN	 instrument
Cyclone Annette developed simultaneously with Cyclone Willy in the Australian basin and Cyclone Haja in the south west Indian.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Holtzendorff's directive ordered all U boats out of the English Channel and the South Western Approaches and required that	that	SCONJ	all	DET	 all
A state of emergency was declared for 26 North Carolina counties, and both mandatory and voluntary evacuations were imposed	imposed	VERB	along	ADP	 along
The song received positive reviews from most music critics, who commended her raw vocals, the revelatory lyrics that	that	PRON	matched	VERB	 matched
He noted that Weiland sounded " effervescent " now that the singer was drug free, but Dolan still found	found	VERB	his	PRON	 his
It is not found in the Andes, in the lowlands west or north of the Andes, in the	the	DET	relatively	ADV	 relatively
In November 2006, Spears filed for divorce from Federline, citing irreconcilable differences. Their divorce was finalized in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
When asked if this was intentional, McCartney replied; " Some things are best left a mystery ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
News of the patrol's fate was quickly relayed from Rhodesia to South Africa, and then on to the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
The Junta of Seville, in particular, claimed authority over the overseas empire, because of the province's	's	PART	historic	ADJ	 historic
For the reviewer, it " parades before us the depravity to which the human animal will stoop, and	and	CCONJ	explores	VERB	 explores
Additionally, there are many references to other progressive rock songs in the lyrics. Hugh Syme provided the artwork	artwork	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In fact, both Dorothy Rodgers and Dorothy Hammerstein had read the novel in 1944 and had urged their husbands	husbands	NOUN	to	PART	 to
By this time, Carter had been replaced by veteran session drummer Aaron Smith. Instincts was released in October	October	PROPN	1984	NUM	 1984
Besides being one of the leading merchants in town, his father also served the government as district magistrate of	of	ADP	Hilo	PROPN	 Hilo
This led to a match on January 4, 2014, at Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome, where	where	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
On March 15, at the 2013 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas show, Volador Jr. and La Sombra defeated Altantis	Altantis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Further work in December 2002 finally allowed a positive reassignment of the June 1999 atoms to 289Fl. In May	May	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
Both oaked and unoaked Sauvignon blanc wines have been marketed under the name Fumé Blanc. California Sauvignon blancs tend	tend	VERB	to	PART	 to
Continuous human habitation dates from the end of the last ice age, between 12,000 and 10,000 years before present	present	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
Neither team scored again until the fourth quarter, when Baltimore's Bus Mertes ran for a 38 yard touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The NHL changed its rules as of the 1995 Draft so that a lottery would be held for the top	top	ADJ	draft	NOUN	 draft
The tour received general critical acclaim, with critics praising Gaga's singing abilities, the theatricality of the show	show	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 17 February 2014, Bohol First District Representative Rene Relampagos filed a bill at the Philippine House of Representatives	Representatives	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
The Depression meant that large commissions became few and far between. For the rest of her career, Coffin	Coffin	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
The Tamil and Telugu versions together earned around ₹ 50 million (US $740,000) nett. In overseas	overseas	ADJ	markets	NOUN	 markets
Edwards clinched his seventh pole position during his career, with a time of 26.395, which made a new	new	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
As with the Eastern Air Lines Flight 401 crash of a similarly sized Lockheed L 1011 in 1972, the	the	DET	relatively	ADV	 relatively
The recent upgrades by the Council have helped improve the image of the town and raise its profile. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
On this date, the LER and the other Underground companies were liquidated. For a history of the line	line	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Germany annexed Eupen Malmedy, a German speaking region given to Belgium under the Treaty of Versailles of 1919.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Before the discovery of the first Sphecomyrma fossils, there were no fossil records of any ants from Cretaceous amber	amber	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Each volume also contains information on the series ' universe; detailed spaceship and planet descriptions; and character profiles	profiles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Intraventricular hemorrhage occurs when there is bleeding in the ventricles. Symptoms are dependent on the type of TBI (	(	PUNCT	diffuse	NOUN	diffuse
The first modern professional performance was at the Halle Opera House in June 1954, under Horst Tanu Margraf,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
In September 1938, Krueger went to Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, as commander of the 16th Infantry	Infantry	PROPN	Brigade	PROPN	 Brigade
However, the Bears attempted to rally, with Cutler throwing three consecutive passes to Jeffery, the final throw	throw	NOUN	going	VERB	 going
Every male adult was obligated to fight when needed, and they participated in regular military training. The Captain	Captain	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Paul Dashiell converted. Riggs repeated his performance but Dashiell missed conversion. Navy then adopted the Hopkins rushing tactics	tactics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the US, " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' 2008 " peaked at number 81 on the Billboard	Billboard	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The libertines ' downfall began with the February 1555 elections. By then, many of the French refugees had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The episode included a guest appearance by Idris Elba, who played new Dunder Mifflin vice president Charles Miner.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Of about 416,000 who served, about 60,000 were killed and another 152,000 were wounded. Many Australians regard the	the	DET	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
Beginning with the German Hans Staden's claims to have encountered socially sanctioned cannibalism among the Tupinambá people of South	South	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
The song received a nomination in the category for Best Rap / Sung Collaboration at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards	Awards	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In November 1977, Paul Walker took over the book column from Spider Robinson, and Jerry Pournelle left the	the	DET	science	NOUN	 science
The function of white matter cells is to carry signals between grey matter areas, where the processing is done	done	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
At this point, NY 380 turned westward and crossed over the outlet on its way to a more isolated	isolated	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
The game is divided into twelve levels, and each of them has its own unique features, items,	,	PUNCT	monsters	NOUN	 monsters
This hyphal arrangement is called an ixocutis, in which the hyphal walls swell up and gelatinize, giving a	a	DET	translucence	NOUN	 translucence
Duvall also believed that Universal's lack of familiarity and comfort with southern culture and the country music genre further	further	ADV	reduced	VERB	 reduced
The board also pointed out that the Canadian design of the firebox may have prevented further injuries and perhaps deaths	deaths	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An eyewitness recorded that He had discharged his pistols very frequently at the enemy, who as often attempted to	to	PART	board	VERB	 board
Tom Kessenich, in his book Examination: An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X Files	Files	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He played irregularly through the 1902 season. Due in part to finger injuries suffered while catching, Chance played	played	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When Conan recovers his father's sword, it is after he has broken it in the hands of Doom	Doom	PROPN	's	PART	's
Nearing the end of her career, which ranged from Noël Coward comedies to Shakespearean tragedies, she observed,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
One such chief of seers, Anhurmose, who died in the reign of Merneptah (c. 1213 – c.	c.	PROPN	1203	NUM	 1203
Towards the end of his life, Newton took up residence at Cranbury Park, near Winchester with his niece	niece	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The player can also save their progress on the overworld. Weapons, armor, items, and magic spells	spells	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
It was the only time the two played professionally together. He also set a career high in points with	with	ADP	29	NUM	 29
" The New York Mets hired Henderson as a special instructor in 2006, primarily to work with hitters and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
At the beginning of the Eastern Han, the land tax rate was one tenth of the crop yield,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
They called themselves The Kingsmen, taking the name from a recently disbanded group. The Kingsmen began their collective	collective	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
It was released to digital retailers on September 30, 2013, by Capitol Records, as the record's	's	PART	second	ADJ	 second
We want our guys to be real New Yorkers. " The season features the motorcycle gang Dogs of Hell	Hell	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Verses not included by codex as Matthew 12: 47; Mark 15: 28; Luke 22: 43	43	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Cartwright described Butler as " absolutely amazing, always encouraging, always polite ". Cartwright returned to Ohio University	University	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Stricken with a high grade fever, pharyngitis and tonsillitis, he was admitted to a local hospital where he	he	PRON	briefly	ADV	 briefly
He served as a regimental commander in the campaign to unseat Yuan Shikai in 1915 16. When Cai became	became	VERB	governor	NOUN	 governor
The novel then returns to when Bluestar was still a kit, Bluekit. Bluekit is apprenticed to Stonepelt as	as	ADP	Bluepaw	PROPN	 Bluepaw
On top of each column is a complicated set of brackets containing seven different bracket types that are one third	third	ADJ	as	ADV	 as
" In reaction to the opening musical number about Terri Schiavo, Schiavo's brother, Bobby Schindler, Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Once inside the modern doors, the nonfunctional original doors can be seen, standing wide open, to be	be	AUX	admired	VERB	 admired
When Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army, in	in	ADP	which	DET	 which
The United States and Czechoslovakia won the silver and bronze medals respectively. Following the 1921 Olympic Congress in Lausanne	Lausanne	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Shots of an audience lead to Roberts walking to a microphone positioned on a stage before she starts lip synching	synching	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" US Navy captain David Porter declared, " after once tasting the Galapagos tortoises, every other animal food	food	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
The main economic sector in Tubas is agriculture. There is a total of 150,000 dunams of arable land,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Female macaroni penguins can begin breeding at around five years of age, while the males do not normally breed	breed	VERB	until	ADP	 until
In the short term this led to a 39% reduction in the number of prisons in England, including	including	VERB	some	DET	 some
I just don't care about money. " Gaga prepared three versions of her show to cater to different	different	ADJ	sizes	NOUN	 sizes
This phase is associated with a fall in progestogen levels, mucosal proliferation and keratinization. This subgroup often experiences	experiences	VERB	remission	NOUN	 remission
So she gets over it very quickly! " During the trial Jim suggests that Riley killed Lynsey and that	that	SCONJ	Doctor	PROPN	 Doctor
It has also been suggested to be a Latin form of the French word bonasse, meaning simple minded or	or	CCONJ	good	ADJ	 good
Mustaine revealed the album's North American release date as November 1, 2011. Mustaine previously said the label	label	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Distraught, Laurie grips Steve tightly and tells him not to leave her. He assures her that he has	has	AUX	decided	VERB	 decided
He associated music with images and vestments, all of which he felt diverted people's attention from true spiritual	spiritual	ADJ	worship	NOUN	 worship
" For Christmas the same year, Bach performed his Magnificat with four inserted laudes, songs of praise related	related	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Matar denied charges against him. His second session before court was on 21 June, but he was not	not	PART	brought	VERB	 brought
There are definitely two identical planets. " In the UK, Doppelgänger has been aired on TV under the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
Produced by The Cataracs, the song was released on November 16, 2010, through Universal Republic as the	the	DET	lead	NOUN	 lead
They previously played at Boothferry Park and moved to their current home in 2002. Boothferry Park has been demolished	demolished	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
When speaking on Candido's injury, Keller stated it was " absolutely brutal looking " and felt it was	was	AUX	an	DET	 an
Although there is significant support from the public, private and community led sectors, concerns about the effect of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and Ring of Honor (	(	PUNCT	ROH	PROPN	ROH
The topic of non convex sets in economics has been studied by many Nobel laureates: Arrow (1972)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Belyayev was one of a growing coterie of Russian nouveau riche industrialists who became patrons of the arts in mid-	mid-	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Takemitsu expressed this change in attitude: But now my attitude is getting to be a little different, I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
He praised single " Say I ", saying it " shimmies to a feisty ghetto strut and Shaft sized	sized	VERB	orchestrals	NOUN	 orchestrals
While the oil and gas was from reservation land, Merrion paid severance taxes to the state of New Mexico	Mexico	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
Other devices for camouflage, such as a fake gavial head to decrease chances of being detected in water,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
The second section is analytic: Fenwick analyzes the methods used by the est trainers, evaluates the course's	's	PART	potential	ADJ	 potential
Aside from 13 individual long course world records, Thorpe anchored the Australian relay teams, numbering the victories in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Owens wore makeup and prosthetics that took several hours to apply. The episode begins in the guise of a	a	DET	comic	ADJ	 comic
In 1984, control of the road was relinquished by the state to Stevens County and it was renamed Northport	Northport	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Local authorities closed airports, set up shelters, and readied emergency service personnel. Authorities in Martinique canceled a	a	DET	memorial	NOUN	 memorial
His relics were translated from Dommoc to Soham Abbey and then to the abbey at Ramsey. After his death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By linking his created world with the dawn of history, and his twentieth century characters with myths and archetypes	archetypes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was designed to push the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) away from the city towards Popovo field	field	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Later investigation uncovered damage to wildlife habitat in the Wisconsin River. Included in the original lawsuit were six individual	individual	ADJ	WisDOT	PROPN	 WisDOT
The ship could originally have been said to be of Arabian or Indian origin, as there is little to	to	PART	differentiate	VERB	 differentiate
The first death among the crew occurred on the night of 24 November when a seaman fell overboard from the	the	DET	topsail	NOUN	 topsail
This was designed to make Bob appear simplistic, so that when he finally spoke, viewers would be surprised	surprised	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The three storey keep stands on a low mound of clay, similar to that making up the base of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
One day in January, 1942, his squadron formed part of an escort to bomber aircraft operating over El	El	PROPN	Agheila	PROPN	 Agheila
He told CIA interrogators that bin Laden's courier was a man named Maulawi Abd al Khaliq Jan and denied	denied	VERB	knowing	VERB	 knowing
In the summer of 2011 Starosta returned to Poland and signed a one year deal for II liga side Miedź	Miedź	PROPN	Legnica	PROPN	 Legnica
Most of the filming for Halloween III took place on location in the small coastal town of Loleta in Humboldt	Humboldt	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
However, the Hokies easily won the game, 70 – 60. Garland scored his first points as a	a	DET	Hokie	PROPN	 Hokie
That is quite a turnaround from the 13,000 km2 (5,000 sq mi) net loss of forest each year	year	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Two days later, a European leg, with nine dates in the United Kingdom, was announced, marking	marking	VERB	Cyrus	PROPN	 Cyrus
Although he served William the Conqueror, he does not attest a single genuine charter or writ of William's	's	PART	,	PUNCT	,
In early 288, Maximian appointed his praetorian prefect Constantius Chlorus, husband of Maximian's daughter Theodora, to	to	PART	lead	VERB	 lead
" Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X	X	PROPN	Files	PROPN	 Files
The first four seasons were produced traditionally, though the series was forced to switch to digital ink and paint	paint	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As of 2010, the Israeli government believed Hezbollah had an arsenal of more than 15,000 long range rockets stationed	stationed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The star's apparent magnitude is 13.4, meaning that it can not be seen with the unaided eye.	.	PUNCT	Kepler	PROPN	 Kepler
This low developed into a small extratropical cyclone when it linked up with a frontal boundary southeast of Japan on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Gertrude collapses and, claiming she has been poisoned, dies. In his dying moments, Laertes reconciles with	with	ADP	Hamlet	PROPN	 Hamlet
The concepts and characters from Against the Giants have made appearances in other media. It was made into a	a	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
He is noted for his physical strength, ability in the air, and his ability to retain possession of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Minear goes on to explain with Smith that immediately following Connor's return from hell, Angel had started "	"	PUNCT	converting	VERB	 converting
Hoover tells the tale of how he quit being a public defender after he realized many of his clients were	were	AUX	insane	ADJ	 insane
In January 1809, John Tremayne Rodd — captain of the frigate HMS Indefatigable, then part of the Inshore	Inshore	PROPN	Squadron	PROPN	 Squadron
A second attempt by Crusaders in 1129 advanced to within 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) of the city before	before	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
(1849 – 1870), all U.S. Navy officers that died while serving. As built, Wainwright was	was	AUX	315	NUM	 315
In the fields which they had crossed and before the rampart, they left more than 3,000 dead; among	among	ADP	these	PRON	 these
By July 22 the units were on the front lines with new equipment. The equipment, fresh from production	production	NOUN	lines	NOUN	 lines
In early June, Hall played particularly well in defence for the reserves against the Murray Kangaroos, and was	was	AUX	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
Macedonia (as a current geographical term) refers to a region of the Balkan peninsula in south eastern Europe	Europe	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Although generalizations of the relations to S16 are often true, they sometimes fail; for example, <formula	formula	NOUN	>	X	>
The US 27th Infantry Regiment tried to rescue the trapped British troops, but Brodie stopped the rescue in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In early October 2007, a Radiohead spokesperson reported that most downloaders paid " a normal retail price " for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since the cats have very strong claws, they are very good climbers, and can even climb rocks.	.	PUNCT	Norwegian	ADJ	 Norwegian
' I'd several drinks to get me courage up and when I got onstage I went arrgggGhhhh on the	the	DET	drums	NOUN	 drums
During 2000 to 2002 the Queen's Gallery at Buckingham Palace was renovated in the neo classical style under the	the	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
Music journalist Jim DeRogatis observed " a little less Motown gloss " than The Way I See It and "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The railroad gradually extended to Faribault, Owatonna, and Austin. It crossed the Iowa border and met up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Most of the non Malaysian citizens are from the southern Philippines. The Chinese, like other places in Sabah	Sabah	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The highest precipitation total related to hurricane in the United States was 16.43 in (417 mm) in Perrine	Perrine	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
TCDD is a colorless solid with no distinguishable odor at room temperature. It is usually formed as a side	side	NOUN	product	NOUN	 product
Near the end of World War II the Japanese fire balloon was designed as a cheap weapon intended to make	make	VERB	use	NOUN	 use
Although the mainstem San Juan Creek does not have any major water diversions or dams, its tributaries are heavily	heavily	ADV	affected	ADJ	 affected
However, the Virginia Tech line held Scott to 11 yards on 10 carries, although he did manage five	five	NUM	receptions	NOUN	 receptions
There was also a network of canals supplying the Moorends Works. The industry suffered a downturn between the two	two	NUM	world	NOUN	 world
The ceasefire was later extended by a further 90 days. The UN Security Council embargoed Liberian diamonds in Resolution	Resolution	PROPN	1343	NUM	 1343
The disease may be complicated by raised intracranial pressure, which may warrant surgical intervention such as the placement of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
But if you know anything about the Army, or about operations or life in Iraq, you'll be	be	AUX	so	ADV	 so
The Prince Regent was impressed by Leopold, and told his daughter that Leopold " had every qualification to make	make	VERB	a	DET	 a
With the end of operations in Kursk, the Soviets began a series of offensives on various fronts to push	push	VERB	the	DET	 the
In this story, the Angel Jibril (also known as Gabriel) descended from Heaven and awakened Ishmael with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The former chairman of the Supreme Soviet, Stanislau Shushkevich, criticized the early drafts due to the amount of	of	ADP	power	NOUN	 power
The American West is given a symbolic nod with the naming of the " Hotel Montana " in The Sun	Sun	PROPN	Also	ADV	 Also
“ They need what we needed when we were young, ” he explains to a sympathetic officer. Anticipation	Anticipation	NOUN	runs	VERB	 runs
Adults are cryptically coloured, and the carapace is covered in conspicuous, high tubercles. S. latus lives on	on	ADP	rocky	ADJ	 rocky
American International Pictures (AIP), founded in 1956 by James H. Nicholson and Samuel Z. Arkoff in a	a	DET	reorganization	NOUN	 reorganization
" La Isla Bonita " was released as the fifth and final single in February 1987. The song describes	describes	VERB	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
By the time the Matabele withdrew, they had suffered around 1,500 fatalities; the Company, on the other	other	ADJ	hand	NOUN	 hand
On July 29, 2007, during a train ride back to Los Angeles from the San Diego Comic Con	Con	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
A tropical storm was first observed on August 31, 225 miles (360 km) north northeast of the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
In 1833, the antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described the old church as " a very ancient and dilapidated structure "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Beta Pictoris b's distance from its star is 9AU. At such distances the rotation of Jovian planets is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
In the episode " Before A Fall " he overdoses on the drug, but is saved by his colleague	colleague	NOUN	Jac	PROPN	 Jac
He worked at a number of non rabbinic jobs (including as an Ordinary Seaman in the U.S. Merchant Marine	Marine	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
During the season, which lasted from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003, Benfica competed in the Primeira	Primeira	PROPN	Liga	PROPN	 Liga
Liverpool Football Club was formed on 15 March 1892 following a disagreement between the directors of Everton Football Club and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The striking and powerful contrasts in which Shakespear abounds could not escape observation; but the use he makes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This led to some controversy with some consumers saying that the doll was inappropriate for children, or that it	it	PRON	promoted	VERB	 promoted
General Pigot then broke out of his lines in pursuit, but Sullivan successfully fought off his attack in the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
Whitaker has been confirmed as a castmember in the upcoming Star Wars anthology film Rogue One. After completing several	several	ADJ	films	NOUN	 films
In the Sydney Basin, it is found from altitudes of zero to 1100 m (3600 ft) above	above	ADP	sea	NOUN	 sea
Kelowna International Airport has affected traffic at the Penticton Regional Airport, with the former providing more direct flight and	and	CCONJ	connection	NOUN	 connection
Fleming builds the main character in Live and Let Die to make Bond come across as more human than in	in	ADP	Casino	PROPN	 Casino
Scher founded the chapter in 2007 with Sheri Brown, a former social worker. Brown had previously hated strippers	strippers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Modern scholars consider these numbers to be clearly exaggerated, but they do suggest that the Athenian army had numerical	numerical	ADJ	superiority	NOUN	 superiority
Reviewer for the Evening Independent Bill Wiley proclaimed it " a dramatic story in a brilliant medium " that "	"	PUNCT	will	AUX	 will
Between 1,400 and 2,200 non combatants were allowed inside, increasing the number of people in the castle at least	least	ADJ	fivefold	ADJ	 fivefold
' " It did not escape Klemperer's notice that many of the victims had played a role in bringing	bringing	VERB	Hitler	PROPN	 Hitler
Catto earned an undergraduate degree from Bethel College and his M.A. from Webster University. From July 2002 to June	June	PROPN	2006	NUM	 2006
Jay (ジェイ, Jei) is a cryptic 16 year old ninja and practitioner of iron eres. He	He	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Lavelli tied for first place in receptions, with 40, and led the league in receiving yards, with	with	ADP	843	NUM	 843
He spent the rest of his life working in the Russian tourism administration until his death on 24 September 2010	2010	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Although Géza remained his father's principal advisor, King Béla did not grant his former duchy to his son	son	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Learning of the conference and the presence of Attalus, Philip marched rapidly south in an attempt to break up	up	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its capital city is Zagreb, which forms one of the country's primary subdivisions, along with its twenty	twenty	NUM	counties	NOUN	 counties
Disney then hired lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken to write the film's songs and assist in the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Species of Oryzomys included in Weksler's study did not cluster together in his results, but instead appeared dispersed	dispersed	VERB	across	ADP	 across
The age of the lava flows ranges from heavily glaciated andesite flows overlying less eroded ones to possibly postglacial lava	lava	NOUN	flows	NOUN	 flows
Euronymous, the deceased guitarist of Mayhem and erstwhile leader of the so called " Inner Circle ", traded	traded	VERB	correspondence	NOUN	 correspondence
Carlyle's more moderate estimate lies at about ten thousand Prussian and probably another ten thousand Austrian dead. Michael	Michael	PROPN	Hochedlinger	PROPN	 Hochedlinger
In 2015, it was reported that the Master System sells around 150,000 units per year in Brazil, a	a	DET	level	NOUN	 level
Nowitzki blossomed as the sole franchise player, averaging 26.6 points, 9.0 rebounds, and 2.8 assists. Not	Not	PART	only	ADV	 only
It also contained the non UK single " Champagne Supernova " — featuring guitar and backing vocals by Paul Weller	Weller	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
Later in 2010 at the World Championships in Rotterdam, Netherlands, she won the World Title on Vault as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
In 1942 and early 1943, MacArthur's forces fought off a series of Japanese offensives in Papua in the	the	DET	Kokoda	PROPN	 Kokoda
The festive opening chorus, Lobet Gott in seinen Reichen, is believed to be based on a movement from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 20 October 1871 two engineers traversed the two possible routes from Bergen to Voss; the one via Fana	Fana	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
So we have come to a time for choosing... You and I are told we must choose between a	a	DET	left	NOUN	 left
Indian cultural history spans more than 4,500 years. During the Vedic period (c. 1700 – 500 BCE)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Or she takes that sweater and tucks it into the skirt and pairs it with knee highs and flats.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
" on her BBC One television programme, Cilla. Later that year Apple Records released The Beatles, commonly	commonly	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Many elements of Tintin in America, such as the abattoir scene, were adopted from Duhamel's descriptions.	.	PUNCT	Hergé	PROPN	 Hergé
Merrick was becoming a greater financial burden on his family and eventually, his father secured him a hawker's	's	PART	licence	NOUN	 licence
With warm water temperatures of over 86° F (30° C) and low wind shear, the	the	DET	newly	ADV	 newly
However, Tech lost its next 6 games before Lewis was fired with three games remaining in the season.	.	PUNCT	O'Leary	PROPN	 O'Leary
Describing Kim as " a mostly graphic heroine ", Animation: A World History: Volume III: Contemporary	Contemporary	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
Upon entering one of the gates, the warriors encounter a dark sphere in which Sophia explains it is a	a	DET	substance	NOUN	 substance
Terminal 1 hosts domestic and regional services for Qantas Group airlines, Qantas and QantasLink (which is located to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He seems to have kept such beliefs private, only expressing them in his private art; his more sensitive	sensitive	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
Also, Kassoum Tapo, the president of the Committee on human rights of parliamentarians of the Inter Parliamentary Union	Union	PROPN	insisted	VERB	 insisted
The protagonist of Metal Gear Solid is Solid Snake, a legendary infiltrator and saboteur. During the mission,	,	PUNCT	Snake	NOUN	 Snake
Claudia Mitchell and Jacqueline Reid Walsh, authors of Girl Culture: Studying girl culture: a readers ' guide	guide	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He rounds off the chapter with an examination of Post Medieval curses and charms containing the written word, citing	citing	VERB	examples	NOUN	 examples
" Barr refuses to use the term " blue collar " because it masks the issue of class. During	During	ADP	Roseanne	PROPN	 Roseanne
In the Pacific, the Allies returned to the Philippines, recaptured Burma, and invaded Borneo. Offensives were	were	AUX	undertaken	VERB	 undertaken
It is a temperate species with a generally circumboreal range, although it does occur as far south as Japan	Japan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Her book of poems was published posthumously in 2000, followed by an enlarged second edition in 2014. Hutton	Hutton	PROPN	characterised	VERB	 characterised
According to critic Howard Hannum the trauma of birth and suicide Hemingway paints in " Indian Camp " rendered a	a	DET	leitmotif	NOUN	 leitmotif
Funerary poems were thought to preserve a monarch's soul in death. The Pyramid Texts are the earliest surviving	surviving	VERB	religious	ADJ	 religious
By 1735, the inner town was finished and three northern bastions had been added. When complete, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The player may advance down the path by acquiring Crystarium Points, which are awarded after defeating enemies. The	The	DET	full	ADJ	 full
More recent research has suggested that Philipp may also have been hit by a P 47 " Thunderbolt " piloted	piloted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In July 1942, Turing devised a technique termed Turingery (or jokingly Turingismus) for use against the Lorenz	Lorenz	PROPN	cipher	NOUN	 cipher
Shortly after midnight on January 4, 1974 — around the time that he terminated his relationship with Brooks —	—	PUNCT	Bundy	PROPN	 Bundy
The risk of suicide is worst in the first five years after injury. In young people with SCI,	,	PUNCT	suicide	NOUN	 suicide
The term " Angevin Empire " was coined in 1887 by Kate Norgate. As far as it is known	known	VERB	there	PRON	 there
Jackson played 15 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons between 1929 and 1944 for the Toronto Maple Leafs,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Freemasonry opened new venues for Joaquim Inácio, providing him with connections and influence he had previously lacked and which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Another characteristic topographical feature of Round Hill is the " cat's creep ", a type of steep,	,	PUNCT	narrow	ADJ	 narrow
The brigade continued their advance capturing several villages in the following days. Tell Esh Sherif on 11 October,	,	PUNCT	Baalbek	PROPN	 Baalbek
Like much of the rest of the world at the time, the economy of Athura relied heavily upon the	the	DET	produce	NOUN	 produce
She became Pericles ' mistress and they began to live together as if they were married. This relationship aroused	aroused	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
Off grid PV systems have traditionally used rechargeable batteries to store excess electricity. With grid tied systems, excess	excess	ADJ	electricity	NOUN	 electricity
Peter MacNicol voiced the character and used a voice inspired by that of late actor Laird Cregar. It is	is	AUX	available	ADJ	 available
Impressed lines mark the vertical edges of the text area, and there is an outer pair of lines.	.	PUNCT	Each	DET	 Each
In the essay on King Lear, which he entitled simply " Lear ", Hazlitt makes no references to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sam Barlow later returned with partner Philip Foster to establish the Mount Hood Toll Road, which became known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Impersonal authority. (e.g. Office bearer does not bring the office with him). Political neutrality. Merits	Merits	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
About two weeks later, on June 11, Busch Gardens Tampa announced plans for Falcon's Fury and construction	construction	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
It has been an alcoholic beverage control state, with the Oregon Liquor Control Commission holding a monopoly over the	the	DET	sale	NOUN	 sale
He attacked the Bishop of Tver and was severely wounded or even killed in the battle. However, that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The song was included on the setlist of their 2010 tour, and was also performed at the ITunes Festival	Festival	PROPN	held	VERB	 held
The first side of the LP closes with " Rockman Rock (Parts 2 and 3) ", a	a	DET	homage	NOUN	 homage
It is a valued contributor to many forms of entertainment, including in literature, theatre, opera, film	film	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In an article titled, " Lurid Trails Are Left By Olden Day Bandits, " the author described the	the	DET	Earp	PROPN	 Earp
Other than recommendations in the foreword, the book also contained a short chapter with descriptions of fictitious housewives that	that	PRON	served	VERB	 served
Miners were also put on a rotating schedule where every 28 days they would work one week for 4 days	days	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It topped the poll in the elections (followed by Ivica Račan's reformed communists, Social Democratic Party of	of	ADP	Croatia	PROPN	 Croatia
Instead, Oribe's Argentine soldiers were incorporated into the army of Urquiza, and the Uruguayans into Garzon's	's	PART	.	PUNCT	.
The following month, the regiment was assigned to Earl Van Dorn, now a Major General, with whom	whom	PRON	Ross	PROPN	 Ross
In the United States Senate, he was a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations until the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Forces under General von Strandmann captured Szopy and started attacking Forts 44, 45 and the fortifications around Królikarnia.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
" The Statue of Liberty's once proud porcelain features have been crudely chiseled into the grotesque likeness of a	a	DET	great	ADJ	 great
AD 146 – 168) in AD 166, yet Rafe de Crespigny asserts that this was most likely a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Time shifted viewing led to an addition of 64 percent to the week's original ratings, but lead actor	actor	NOUN	Joshua	PROPN	 Joshua
The main conning tower had 150 mm thick sides. She was armed with a main battery of eight 203	203	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
" Blue Jay Way " was issued in Britain as the final song on the Magical Mystery Tour double EP	EP	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
" Her first impression of love, when she was eight, has become decisive for her whole life.	.	PUNCT	Now	ADV	 Now
With further releases, many games in the genre have drifted towards action by allowing the option of direct confrontations	confrontations	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before the release of Chameli (2004) (in which she played a sex worker), Kapoor stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Between the two major key variations, Variation V returns to C minor; Girdlestone describes this variation as "	"	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
He calculated the smallest residue of <formula> for all primes p <2000 and found this residue to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
All the pilasters and columns are Corinthian in style. The windows are sashes and are surrounded by architraves.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to police records, he held a large rally at Pileći kuk and delivered a speech criticising the regency	regency	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The sum of two vectors is obtained by adding their individual coordinates: (a, b) + (	(	PUNCT	c	PROPN	c
On the ground, to obtain directional radio beams with a well defined navigable course, crossed loop antennas were	were	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Weaver and his wife moved their household in 1890 from Bloomfield to Colfax, near Des Moines, as the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
The episode was well received by most television critics. They praised the production values of the series as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
This accomplished little else as the Japanese aircraft failed to penetrate past the defending fighters; the survivors landed at	at	ADP	airfields	NOUN	 airfields
On 23 April President Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines announced that no more than 2,500 Vietnamese evacuees would be allowed	allowed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The building is currently owned by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. It is located in the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
By the summer of 1947, a prototype frame had been built and tested. The spine frame was made	made	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Newton undertook his initial training with No. 1 Elementary Flying Training School in Parafield, South Australia, flying	flying	VERB	De	PROPN	 De
In late 2009, the " Twitter Lists " feature was added, making it possible for users to follow	follow	VERB	ad	NOUN	 ad
Risto Uimonen, an election analyst for the Finnish Broadcasting Company, predicted " the toughest negotiations on government formation	formation	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Torborg, built in 1772, had three additional 12 pounders, eleven in the centerline and two in the	the	DET	bow	NOUN	 bow
The division began a gradual reduction of forces in Somalia in February 1993, until the last soldiers of the	the	DET	2nd	PROPN	 2nd
Once airborne, the nacelles rotate forward 90° in as little as 12 seconds for horizontal flight, converting	converting	VERB	the	DET	 the
The first landing at the new airport was made on 14 September 1974 with a Fokker F 28, and	and	CCONJ	Braathens	PROPN	 Braathens
Obama held assignments on the Senate Committees for Foreign Relations, Environment and Public Works and Veterans ' Affairs through	through	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
However, the accidents were usually not serious, and roadworks were considered a " major contributing factor ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Part IV of the act covers the delegation of powers to agents, and the trustees liability for their acts	acts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To the chagrin of local farmers, Missoula is also home to several noxious weeds, which multiple programs have	have	AUX	set	VERB	 set
While the USSBS did not state that any single factor caused the surrender, during interrogations most Japanese wartime leaders	leaders	NOUN	nominated	VERB	 nominated
It was the first major conservation of the statue since its dedication in 1907. Scaffolding and nylon mesh were	were	AUX	installed	VERB	 installed
" According to University of West Georgia Professor Carrie B. McWhorter, shifgrethor can be defined simply as " a	a	DET	sense	NOUN	 sense
In 1963, PA 343 was moved back to Lickdale, and seven years after, moved to its northern	northern	ADJ	terminus	NOUN	 terminus
Popular dissatisfaction over these policies was a key factor in launching the socialist Marxist Second Republic, in which the	the	DET	formerly	ADV	 formerly
Isabeau's coronation was celebrated on 23 August 1389 with a lavish ceremonial entry into Paris. Her second cousin	cousin	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
McCain's father and grandfather were admirals in the United States Navy. McCain was born on August 29,	,	PUNCT	1936	NUM	 1936
The establishment proved controversial among western peacekeepers who had occupied Kosovo following the withdrawal of Yugoslav security forces in June	June	PROPN	1999	NUM	 1999
A Persian emissary was sent by Xerxes to negotiate with Leonidas. The Greeks were offered their freedom and the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
Upon completing a Bonus Challenge, the player is awarded with a bronze, silver, gold or platinum medal	medal	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
In August 2008, Rebecca Armstrong of The Independent named Spook Country as one of the " Ten Best Thrillers	Thrillers	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The episode was the third highest rated show on the Fox network that week. Since airing, the episode	episode	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
These developments were offset by the acquisition of the Norse Gaelic west and the Gaelicisation of many of the noble	noble	ADJ	families	NOUN	 families
When measured by passengers carried, it is second largest in the United Kingdom behind easyJet. The airline is	is	AUX	based	VERB	 based
To clean the rifles, a bore brush was lifted by two sailors and inserted into the gun barrel,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The situation in Ireland was tense and the Anglo Normans heavily outnumbered. Henry took this opportunity to intervene personally	personally	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The Thayer School emphasizes the cross disciplinary nature of its research topics. In 2007, sponsored research at the	the	DET	school	NOUN	 school
Father Frank Pavone, founder of Priests for Life, delivered the main homily (Audio: MP3 Format)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Near Bellevue, the road intersects Laney Camp Road and re enters Issaquena County after crossing another cattle guard.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
South Pass itself is an unimpressive open saddle between the Wind River Range to the north and the Antelope Hills	Hills	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
A recently rediscovered poem — though from a 17th century manuscript written by Niall MacMhuirich — was addressed to one	one	NUM	Domhnall	PROPN	 Domhnall
Turret hoists, voicepipes and electrical leads were protected by armored tubes. The lateral hydraulic pipes that ran along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was, according to Dean Reginald H. Phelps, " a bargain that simply can not be matched anywhere	anywhere	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Boston College, which had been ranked No. 21 in the BCS Poll, No. 20 in the	the	DET	AP	PROPN	 AP
Two days later, the three Erzherzog Karl class ships arrived in the port and assisted with the suppression of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Ranjit Singh, another Sikh chief from the Gujranwala area, took Lahore from the Bhangi Misl the Lahore	Lahore	PROPN	Fort	PROPN	 Fort
According to The Times journalist and historian Ben Macintyre, Bond was " the ideal antidote to Britain's postwar	postwar	ADJ	austerity	NOUN	 austerity
Once he was " free of his indentures " and had " attained his majority ", Jones secured his	his	PRON	return	NOUN	 return
Together with the 5th Light Horse Regiment, attached to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade at Dueidar, to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This raid was one of several factors that led to the 1967 Six Day War. The Six Day war	war	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
At least ten villages were flooded during the storm. Three homes were destroyed and two more were damaged by	by	ADP	Soudelor	PROPN	 Soudelor
Yankovic instead turned to various social media portals including Funny or Die and CollegeHumor which he had worked with in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to the late Serbian ethnologist Tatomir Vukanović, Roma people in Kosovo believed that vampires were invisible to most	most	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
Rollins capped his prediction by adding his first career Most Valuable Player award. According to Baseball Prospectus, the	the	DET	Mets	PROPN	 Mets
A total of 32 characters from the Ramayana were voiced in the Geet Ramayan. Madgulkar expressed the emotions of	of	ADP	characters	NOUN	 characters
In the afternoon, it struck west of Houma, Louisiana, at that intensity. Less than 24 hours	hours	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
At first much of the cloth was shipped via Shrewsbury and London, but later the specialized Atlantic port of	of	ADP	Bristol	PROPN	 Bristol
" Eastwood next turned his attention towards Breezy (1973), a film about love blossoming between a middle	middle	ADJ	aged	ADJ	 aged
Over 700 visual effects shots were created in post production using a combination of motion capture and computer generated imagery	imagery	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Asami states " I want to tell you everything " during the torture scene, implying she had not been	been	AUX	truthful	ADJ	 truthful
Due in part to the older fans, Hasbro has come to see My Little Pony as a " lifestyle	lifestyle	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Frustrated by the Lords ' recalcitrance, Grey suggested that the King create a sufficient number of new peers to	to	PART	ensure	VERB	 ensure
In September 1991 Lee was one of 32 HISD schools that had capped enrollments, and excess students had to	to	PART	attend	VERB	 attend
Excess water is diverted from the South Fork, Beaver Dam Creek, and two of its tributaries 8.6 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The entire Corps march past a reviewing stand, which consists of high ranking military and university officials, for	for	ADP	inspection	NOUN	 inspection
Dreamcast would be Stolar's redemption. " Stolar has defended his decision, stating, " I felt Saturn	Saturn	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The best known of the great Czech nationalist composer Antonín Dvořák's operas is Rusalka. In Sadko (Russian	Russian	ADJ	:	PUNCT	:
His speech was regarded as controversial, as Michaels was allegedly unwilling to lose to Bret Hart at WrestleMania 13	13	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
A survey by the same organisation in June 2012 showed an improvement for Labour, with 32% against the	the	DET	Nationalists	PROPN	 Nationalists
" In response, the Lady Managers suggested the use of the building's portal, and asked if it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Through the half century that followed, he progressed on the statues, and by the time of his death	death	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
SFX ranked " Peter " among the twenty things they love about the series, calling it " the lynchpin	lynchpin	NOUN	episode	NOUN	 episode
The Arab historians Ibn Wadih and al Tabari report that Yazid was dispatched by Mu ' awiya with reinforcements to	to	ADP	Constantinople	PROPN	 Constantinople
Cyclone Gene continued as a Tropical Cyclone for three days before becoming an extratropical cyclone. Early on February 6	6	NUM	TCWC	PROPN	 TCWC
The contest, however, was won by Mae Young. She lost the Championship on the January 31 edition	edition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In an interview with PureVolume, Leto explained that the song is " about standing up and living out your	your	PRON	dreams	NOUN	 dreams
It is the longest concrete cable stayed span. The sailing height is 45 metres (148 ft).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fredericton was built with a water tube boiler. Ships built from 1939 – 1940 used a Scotch marine boiler	boiler	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Wilmore had previously guest starred in the series as Mr. Brown, the diversity instructor who gives a presentation to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Popjustice also liked the song saying " ' Fight For This Love ' is very definitely not just a	a	DET	Girls	PROPN	 Girls
Hmeida was flag bearer for the opening ceremony. Making his Summer Olympics debut, Youba Hmeida was notable for	for	ADP	carrying	VERB	 carrying
Organized as an independent institution legally, it replaced the first Baptist university of the same name, which had	had	AUX	closed	VERB	 closed
By that time, however, white Americans had begun to trespass on Ho Chunk (or Winnebago) lands	lands	VERB	in	ADP	 in
For more than 40 years, Edward G. Kemp was Frank Murphy's devoted, trusted companion. Like Murphy	Murphy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Lisa shows up again, letting them know that she only pretended to betray them so that the publisher would	would	AUX	type	VERB	 type
To many, the two became entwined. Molyneux's reputation as a dreamer was reclaimed as a positive trait	trait	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Hensley & Co. holds a seat on the board of the National Beer Wholesalers Association, and company spokesperson Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	Yonko	PROPN	 Yonko
The story was first published in 1924 in Ford Madox Ford's literary magazine Transatlantic Review in Paris and republished	republished	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" In June 2008, a new poster campaign featuring Flocke was announced; its goal was strengthening public awareness	awareness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The club started life in the Central Scottish Amateur league but moved to the Caledonian League in 1984 after reaching	reaching	VERB	the	DET	 the
Major Stephen Midgely estimated Sing's tally at close to 300 kills. Midgely had brought him to the attention	attention	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to The Boston Globe, " Peter Sarsgaard... makes the killer's terrible trajectory not only believable,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The claim for which Hardee was arguably best known throughout his performing life was that he was said to have	have	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Mosby practiced psychological and guerrilla warfare techniques to disrupt the Union stronghold. Mosby's men never formally surrendered and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
On 20 April 1792, the French National Convention declared war on Austria. In this War of the First	First	PROPN	Coalition	PROPN	 Coalition
While manufacturing declined in mid Wales after the 1860s, the weaving industry grew in villages in south west Wales	Wales	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The design work for what became the Bismarck class was begun in 1933 and continued until 1936. In June	June	PROPN	1935	NUM	 1935
In 943 Constantine abdicated the throne and retired to the Céli Dé (Culdee) monastery of St Andrews where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
" He also added that the third encounter with Silva was inevitable, especially after Silva signed with the UFC	UFC	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The group wished to create a modern version of the successful Jaguar 24 Hours of Le Mans racing cars of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Frusciante has stated that writing " By the Way [was] one of the happiest times in my life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As the water exited, it deposited the lime on exterior surfaces, obscuring many of the names inscribed thereon	thereon	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She never returned to parliament; she was adopted as the prospective Labour candidate for Reading, but when it	it	PRON	became	VERB	 became
In all, more than 8,000 Americans took the field that day, including about 1,400 men from Lincoln's	's	PART	command	NOUN	 command
Although Pinoy and Pinay are regarded as derogatory by some younger Filipino Americans, the terms have been widely used	used	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
This allowed The Hershey Company the opportunity to market Reese's Pieces. Science and technology educator Henry Feinberg created	created	VERB	E.T.	PROPN	 E.T.
Strong winds from the hurricane affected 99 counties and cities in the state, which downed thousands of trees and	and	CCONJ	left	VERB	 left
" During the investigation into Irwin's disappearance and death, two widows emerged; one lived in Boston and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made, and it remained the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
Alan dives into the water after her, blacking out as he submerges. Alan regains consciousness a week later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The UFOs fly through the former toll booth at the Vincent Thomas Bridge, San Pedro, California. The	The	DET	Gobi	PROPN	 Gobi
Devon Powters of Pop Matters said that " Eight minutes of ' Sir Psycho Sexy ' will turn RHCP's	's	PART	young	ADJ	 young
Females have two openings located under the edge of the mantle in the mantle cavity: the opening of the	the	DET	vagina	PROPN	 vagina
In 1986, Cockayne took a decision to alter their products for release on 16 bit machines, as he	he	PRON	found	VERB	 found
The current name was given in 1354 AD, as Hisar e Firoza by Firuz Shah Tughlaq, the Sultan	Sultan	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Butterfly and moth eggs come in various shapes; some are spherical, others hemispherical, conical, cylindrical or	or	CCONJ	lenticular	NOUN	 lenticular
The mandible had a flange on each side of the front. The upper incisors were large, sharp,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Richard Bealey J.P. was chairman of the local board until April 1876 In the same year, the parish was	was	AUX	extended	VERB	 extended
Thus the sidereal day is shorter than the stellar day by about 8.4 ms. The length of the mean	mean	ADJ	solar	ADJ	 solar
At this time, the storm attained its peak intensity with winds of 80 mph (130 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Born in Exeter around 1125, Baldwin was the son of Hugh d'Eu, Archdeacon of Totnes, and a	a	DET	woman	NOUN	 woman
In 1916, the National Park Service granted a 20 year concession to the Desmond Park Service Company. It	It	PRON	bought	VERB	 bought
Few players of his era who were as tall and big as he was could move as fast; only	only	ADV	Larry	PROPN	 Larry
The Department of Mines and Resources agreed to fund the project, and citizens proceeded to lay a new road	road	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
Ramón Camps received a 25 year sentence. The trials did not focus only on the military: Mario Firmenich	Firmenich	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Universal's assertions in court were based not on any good faith belief in their truth, but on the	the	DET	mistaken	ADJ	 mistaken
The battle was fought between the 27th British Commonwealth Brigade and the North Korean 239th Regiment which was encircled east	east	ADV	of	ADP	 of
In the 72nd minute, Arsenal scored a third goal, when Anelka got around Jaap Stam in the penalty	penalty	NOUN	box	NOUN	 box
On 30 September 1942, Gollob was officially replaced in command of JG 77 by Hauptmann Joachim Müncheberg. Gollob	Gollob	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It determined that President Reagan did not have knowledge of the extent of the program, especially about the diversion	diversion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" A modern review was given by University of York Professor Judith Buchanan. Buchanan recognizes that the film's	's	PART	acting	NOUN	 acting
In the meantime, Brian Epstein negotiated the release of the Beatles from their recording contract with Bert Kaempfert and	and	CCONJ	Polydor	PROPN	 Polydor
Individually, Último Guerrero has held the championship six times for a total of 1,923 days, the longest of	of	ADP	any	DET	 any
Smith reached the 1,000 yard receiving season mark for the first time in his career after Week 15 into the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
The place prospered till 1800 BC after when it was deserted. Eventually the town became covered with drift sand	sand	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Each of the book's five chapters had been delivered as a one hour lecture discussing artistic portrayals of winter	winter	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Amy and Rory have tried to adjust to normal life without travelling with the Doctor. One day billions of	of	ADP	small	ADJ	 small
The teams involved in the trade attempted to lobby the league to reverse its ruling and reconstruct the deal to	to	ADP	no	DET	 no
Another game (a prequel this time), The Nightmare Before Christmas: The Pumpkin King, was developed	developed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Miscellaneous aircraft included two Grumman JF Duck amphibians, plus one in reserve, and three active and one spare	spare	ADJ	Vought	PROPN	 Vought
The mixing started at Chalice Recording Studios, but moved to Grohl's house as engineer Alan Moulder said it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
As a result a wide variety of communities, political groups, government layers, social classes, and organizations	organizations	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Armed conflict in the eastern Slavonia, culminating in the Battle of Vukovar and a subsequent massacre, also included	included	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
They often said that, if it came to be, the horse and rider should perish before the mochila	mochila	NOUN	did	VERB	 did
Traffic on the exit slip road leaving the M5 northbound often backed up onto the motorway, so the Highways	Highways	PROPN	Agency	PROPN	 Agency
In North America, it is sometimes collected recreationally, and commercially. The taste is described as mild,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
FUNimation Entertainment released the disc on November 8, 2005, in two versions: the first subtitled as "	"	PUNCT	Uncut	PROPN	 Uncut
In an interview before a show in Auckland, New Zealand, Mustaine noted that the then upcoming record was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
On June 10, his website released the album's track listing, which excluded tracks featuring André 3000.	.	PUNCT	Of	ADP	 Of
One pair of northern fulmars bred as a pair in the same site for 25 years. Like the albatrosses	albatrosses	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Junior Damian Saunders's outstanding play earned him a spot on the Atlantic 10 All Conference First Team. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Although initially part of a single command structure during the Osiel era, members within Los Zetas and the Gulf	Gulf	PROPN	Cartel	PROPN	 Cartel
" Bless Me Indeed (Jabez's Song) " was released as the album's lead single. The	The	DET	label	NOUN	 label
Most of these are shops, but other uses include offices, restaurants and cafés, and private dwellings.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The trial of Clay Shaw takes place in 1969. Garrison presents the court with further evidence of multiple killers	killers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Awards, the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards, and the 1997 BRIT Awards. Released as the album's	's	PART	second	ADJ	 second
on what a New Age oriented political organization should be like – what its politics should be, what its	its	PRON	projects	NOUN	 projects
The module carried the first set of six gyroscopes for attitude control. The module also carried instruments for X	X	NOUN	ray	NOUN	 ray
Within the novel Fleming uses elements that are " pure Gothic ", according to the essayist Umberto Eco.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Later that day, the combination of increasing wind shear and cooler waters weakened the cyclone, resulting in the	the	DET	cloud	NOUN	 cloud
By the end of the 18th century, principles long adopted in Europe specified the characteristics of the Royal Navy	Navy	PROPN	's	PART	's
To circumvent a Philadelphia law forbidding entertainments on Sundays, he disguised his operetta numbers as liturgical pieces and advertised	advertised	VERB	a	DET	 a
Females also emit a purr while incubating. Strangely, the bird appears to also use song as a password	password	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
Cultural arts included basket weaving skills, seasonal ceremonial dancing events, female tattoos, ear and nose piercings,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Not all plant parts are of equal evolutionary value, thus valuable parts contain more defenses. A plant ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
The band was forced to cancel some of these shows because of drug issues. Mustaine claimed that the group	group	NOUN	returned	VERB	 returned
Since the Johor Sultanate was established in the 16th century, it always had rulers who were recognised as such	such	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Noted residents in the Caversham area have included members of the Sidey family, several of whom were local or	or	CCONJ	national	ADJ	 national
The theorem remains valid if the angle <formula> is obtuse so the lengths r and s are non	non	NOUN	overlapping	VERB	 overlapping
Crean's contributions to these expeditions sealed his reputation as a polar explorer, and earned him a total of	of	ADP	three	NUM	 three
A lighthouse was built on Stroma in 1890 and still operates under automation. Stroma is now abandoned, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Markings have a strict standard, with detailed terminology, for showing in fancy rat pet shows. However,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Jim Farber for New York Daily News said that " Rihanna pairs just as well with Nicki Minaj, on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
It served the Oregon Country of the Pacific Northwest of North America from 1843 until early 1849 at a time	time	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The RTC was advised by a committee of 17 people, which included actors Aidan Quinn, David Strathairn,	,	PUNCT	Melissa	PROPN	 Melissa
Abe's body is immobile and vulnerable whilst possessing someone else, whereas if his host is killed, control	control	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
In the earliest Brahmanic literature are found traces of the existence of a religious Order. Jains revere Vardhamana Mahāvīra	Mahāvīra	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
This was followed by a slow full atom refinement phase in which the orientation of the two interacting proteins relative	relative	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Captain Thomas Lasky is the current captain of the UNSC Infinity. He made his debut in his origin web	web	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
In 1582 he published Artes duodecim Sacramentariorum, sive Zwinglio calvinistarum (The Seven Pillars on Which Stands Catholic Doctrine	Doctrine	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Georgia then steamed to the Boston Navy Yard for repairs before attending the Jamestown Exposition, which commemorated the 300th	300th	ADJ	anniversary	NOUN	 anniversary
After the bulldozer filled the crater, the force continued along Lyon Ridge but became pinned down by heavy fire	fire	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
There, Pulaski attempted to incite a larger revolt against Russia; despite no decisive military successes, he was	was	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
A minute later, West Ham went ahead again; defender Paul Konchesky received the ball on the left flank	flank	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The main road through Tyldesley is the A577 which runs on the high ground along the ridge on which the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
" Paul predicted that " the Republicans are on their way out as a major party, " and he	he	PRON	said	VERB	 said
Scientists have warned of the possibility, under the influence of climate change, of a sudden alteration in circulation	circulation	NOUN	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
Later generations of Sultan Sulaiman's family were closely connected with Siamese royalty: two of Sulaiman's descendants commanded	commanded	VERB	armed	ADJ	 armed
Edward's army was proceeding northwards to engage Lancaster, having defeated his Marcher Lord allies in Wales. Lancaster	Lancaster	PROPN	fortified	VERB	 fortified
The 2010 book The Girl in Alfred Hitchcock's Shower by Robert Graysmith contradicts this, identifying Marli Renfro as	as	SCONJ	Leigh	PROPN	 Leigh
" Song filed a libel suit seeking $100,000 in damages. Song said: " As a role model	model	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The reason was the planned expansion could not receive public grants with such a strong tie to a single club	club	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
HuffPost TV's Crystal Bell applauded Adler " for doing such an amazing job " on the suicide scene.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Burt suffers a heart attack brought on by a severe arrhythmia in the third episode of the second season,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The battle was followed by a war for British political opinion. Within four days of the battle, the	the	DET	Massachusetts	PROPN	 Massachusetts
Four tropical storms from 1861 had been previously identified by scholars and hurricane experts, but three more were uncovered	uncovered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Law and order in Hyderabad city is supervised by the governor of Telangana. The jurisdiction is divided into two	two	NUM	police	NOUN	 police
He shot 15 of 15 after missing his first four shots. Bosh's in form streak enabled him to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
News of hostilities in the Ohio Country brought further urgency to that matter, as well as attendance at a	a	DET	planned	VERB	 planned
Her manager Larry Rudolph released a statement on March 20, 2007, saying that she " successfully complet [	[	X	ed	X	ed
All road names include the quadrant abbreviation to indicate their location and house numbers generally correspond with the number of	of	ADP	blocks	NOUN	 blocks
It set the tone for much of the socialist and activist history written about the WSPU and particularly solidified Emmeline	Emmeline	PROPN	Pankhurst	PROPN	 Pankhurst
On 10 November 2006, after five hours of deliberations, the jury cleared them of all charges. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The Doctor, Amy, and Rory soon find the TARDIS has also disappeared, and the Doctor warns them	them	PRON	from	ADP	 from
However, some researchers have hypothesized that the reason the proportion of fatalities is low is not because sharks do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
It took place on April 6, 2014, at the Mercedes Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Rookie John Timu, who had been on special teams and the practice squad until becoming a starter for the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
er … April. 1990 we're in, now. Then nothing happens for a year really. "	"	PUNCT	So	ADV	 So
The subfamilies of Dromaeosauridae frequently shift in content based on new analysis, but typically consist of the following groups	groups	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The remaining two original members, Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler, began auditioning new singers for the band's	's	PART	next	ADJ	 next
Parker and fellow co creator Matt Stone conceive, write and produce most South Park episodes within a week of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Gardnerian Wicca revolved around the veneration of both a Horned God and a Mother Goddess, the celebration of eight	eight	NUM	seasonally	ADV	 seasonally
Major General John Numbi, former Air Force chief, now inspector general of police, ran a parallel chain	chain	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There have been only five amendments to the UN Charter since 1945, and none of them were done through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
The nest is constructed of twigs, and lined with bark, pine needles, corn cobs, husks,	,	PUNCT	stalks	NOUN	 stalks
Key Host venue The competition consisted of two semi finals and a final, a format which has been in	in	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
When the show closed Formby was disappointed, and vowed never to appear in another stage musical. The year	year	NOUN	1958	NUM	 1958
This is most obvious in those Kiarostami films that recall specific texts of Persian poetry more or less explicitly:	:	PUNCT	Where	SCONJ	 Where
The film takes a four dimensionalists view of the nature and existence of life in the universe. Each decision	decision	NOUN	thus	ADV	 thus
The pilot's controls moved the ring in relation to the rest of the craft, affecting the airflow moving	moving	VERB	outward	ADV	 outward
The series was released on Blu ray in Japan on November 26, 2014. An Internet radio show hosted	hosted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
To accomplish this feat, he taught school during the winter months, and worked the family's farm during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
On leaving the burrow, they are wary of other families, and adults may catch other adults ' offspring	offspring	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The meaning is not known. Archaeological evidence points to river navigation as far back as the Iron Age.	.	PUNCT	Artefacts	NOUN	 Artefacts
The single peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100. The music video portrayed Madonna dancing in front	front	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The episode was also the highest ranked NBC series of the night, and it received moderately positive reviews from	from	ADP	critics	NOUN	 critics
Many locations where suicide is common have constructed barriers to prevent it; this includes the Luminous Veil in Toronto	Toronto	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the 1990s, the 767 became the most frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe	Europe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, road and railway communications often get disrupted in the monsoons because of landslides. The nearest airport is	is	AUX	Bagdogra	PROPN	 Bagdogra
" According to Russian expert Anton Lavrov, on 8 August, Russian and South Ossetian troops deployed in South	South	PROPN	Ossetia	PROPN	 Ossetia
Iron Duke returned to Scapa Flow, arriving at 11: 30. Over the course of the battle,	,	PUNCT	Iron	PROPN	 Iron
If you ’ re happy with your current iPad, there ’ s no reason to dump it just because	because	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
An unnamed police officer said that the government should have depended on human resources to alleviate the problems and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Germans had lost 700 – 800 casualties and 8 – 20 tanks, including several Tigers. British casualties	casualties	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
These detailed unlawful killings and other abuses made by Abir and Leopold II was embarrassed into instituting reforms. These	These	PRON	began	VERB	 began
The term " Obamacare " was originally coined by opponents of the Affordable Care Act as a pejorative term for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Auxois is known for its power and docility, having a calm and gentle temperament. Like the Ardennais	Ardennais	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2000, Colbert and the other Daily Show writers were the recipients of three Emmy Awards as writers for	for	ADP	The	DET	 The
Jack Seale, of the Radio Times, said that viewers would " marvel at how [the writers could	could	AUX	]	PUNCT	]
Cao was promoted to general and assumed command of the new IV Corps Tactical Zone, which included the area	area	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was one of the many disputes between the Jesuits and the Dominicans in China and elsewhere in Asia,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Reportedly, O'Leary had made his advance on the second barricade " intent upon killing another German to whom he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
As a result, no member of the squad — Bradman included — played in more than 23 of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The source code for all four games is distributed upon request in CD R format. A source code mirror	mirror	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Harvey, concerned that their yelling would draw unwanted attention from the police, asked them to quiet down.	.	PUNCT	Harvey	PROPN	 Harvey
The western portion of begins at Tipton at a junction with State Route 99 and heads east towards Porterville before	before	ADP	ending	VERB	 ending
Despite this setback, the war was turning increasingly in favour of the Royalists. The early months of 1643	1643	NUM	saw	VERB	 saw
Although they initially populated the mining centers of western Borneo and Bangka Island, Hakkas became attracted to the rapid	rapid	ADJ	growth	NOUN	 growth
It is about how a man and woman react to situations. [..] You can not really get	get	VERB	very	ADV	 very
A sharp rise in nationalism in Scotland during the late 1960s fuelled demands for some form of home rule or	or	CCONJ	complete	ADJ	 complete
Most galaxies in the Universe are gravitationally bound to a number of other galaxies. These form a fractal like	like	ADP	hierarchical	ADJ	 hierarchical
The decision to use English speaking actors was made early. Since the film would be very visual, the	the	DET	director	NOUN	 director
Initial reviews of the Blu ray Disc release criticized poor image quality, leading many to call for it to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
After the initial investigation, Dixit analyses the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. As per his analysis	analysis	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I'm very shy socially ". In 2003, the celebrity biographer Cliff Goodwin wrote an unauthorised biography of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Josephson delivered the Pollock Memorial Lecture in 2006, the Hermann Staudinger Lecture in 2009 and the Sir Nevill	Nevill	PROPN	Mott	PROPN	 Mott
The left thigh bone of the individual measures 103 cm in length, but shows an average diameter of only	only	ADV	11	NUM	 11
(This scene is largely patterned after a climactic scene in the 1980 film Altered States). He escapes	escapes	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In captivity, platypuses have survived to 17 years of age, and wild specimens have been recaptured when 11	11	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The iron gate at the entrance of the underground magazine rooms can still be seen at the base of the	the	DET	park	NOUN	 park
These two battalions, the 2nd Battalion, commanded by Izzet Bey, of about 600 men and the 3rd	3rd	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
These coal measures form part of the East Fife coalfield and prior to 1962 the deposits there were to be	be	AUX	worked	VERB	 worked
Blaine had denied any interest in the nomination months before his resignation, but some of his friends, including	including	VERB	Senator	PROPN	 Senator
An exhibition in 2006 at the Prado and the Reina Sofía showed The Third of May, Guernica, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Facing Lake Superior State University in the NCAA final, Kariya registered three assists in the third period to help	help	VERB	Maine	PROPN	 Maine
The Building Commission also stipulated that parts of the unfinished, current capitol were to be used in the new	new	ADJ	capitol	NOUN	 capitol
She was laid down as the passenger liner Kashiwara Maru (橿原丸), but was purchased by the IJN	IJN	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
These shots were the signal for ground troops to begin their assault on the installation; though the first German	German	ADJ	ground	NOUN	 ground
Jones also chaired the Chairman of the Health Professions Subcommittee. Among the proposals Jones sponsored or co sponsored in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It debuted on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart in the issue dated September 22, 2001 at number 36	36	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He was promoted to brigadier general later that year and made head of the Requirements Division in 1943. He	He	PRON	held	VERB	 held
– and performance after performance was given and asked for. " Wood kept the secret for five years before	before	ADP	revealing	VERB	 revealing
France, meanwhile, was upset that British troops had not evacuated the island of Malta. In May 1803	1803	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, Seacrest was monitoring the ship's fire control console, which graphically displayed the relative position, bearing	bearing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
If the estimates were correct, reasoning went, it would be cheaper to run the zoos than to shut	shut	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Regensburg and her torpedo boats were ordered to join the attack, but the I Scouting Group had passed in	in	ADP	front	NOUN	 front
Kelley was named Orioles ' captain and received some stock in the team. McGraw, player manager of the	the	DET	Orioles	PROPN	 Orioles
Soon after, Carey flew to Capri, Italy for a period of five months, in which she began	began	VERB	writing	VERB	 writing
Mirkin also said Neill was " really game " and did " a terrific job " on the episode.	.	PUNCT	Neill	PROPN	 Neill
However, records of the time show that a great number of local nobles held political and religious offices in	in	ADP	Raetia	PROPN	 Raetia
Agence France Presse wrote that as a result, it was a " harsher " parody in comparison to the	the	DET	parodies	NOUN	 parodies
The federal Public Works Administration rejected loan and grant requests for that project. A second, direct crossing was	was	AUX	then	ADV	 then
The first song, " I Should Be So Lucky " is a dance pop oriented song, which features	features	VERB	elements	NOUN	 elements
In addition, he had run each quarter mile faster than before, with times of 25 1 ⁄ 5	5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The parachute fragmentation (parafrag) bomb gave the light bombers increased accuracy for close air support missions. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Seventeen members of the company came from prominent families in Indiana and Illinois. The company had capital of more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
" Bill Dana said Armstrong " had a mind that absorbed things like a sponge. " Those who flew	flew	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In January 2008, Valve spokesman Doug Lombardi told Eurogamer, " There'll be more Portal, for sure	sure	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Alonso convinced Arteta to transfer to Everton after he told him how happy he was living in Liverpool. Alonso	Alonso	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Some commentators regard the diary as a warning against uncritical acceptance of information from sources whose motives and reliability can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
When asked whether they have " seen or heard traces of atheism in [their] locality, community,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Writing in the Marburg Journal of Religion, Marco Frenschkowski of the University of Mainz described the book as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
With McGraw remaining in Baltimore, Hanlon named Kelley team captain. The Superbas won the NL pennant in 1899	1899	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The lightning team had to rehearse for a month to prepare. The tour was also the first to use	use	VERB	the	DET	 the
Digital download " What's My Name? " (featuring Drake) – 4: 24 Digital Remixes EP	EP	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The seventh match pitted America's Most Wanted (Chris Harris and James Storm) against the 3Live Kru (	(	PUNCT	B.G.	PROPN	B.G.
He leaves Riana's house and moves in with his parents, trying to tell them the truth, but	but	CCONJ	once	ADV	 once
The gap on percussion was filled by Greg Welts, who was affectionately known as " Cuddles. " In	In	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
IGN UK and Australia, however, did not find such a bug, giving Overlord a higher score of	of	ADP	8.1	NUM	 8.1
The producers of The Last Broadcast have denied that Cannibal Holocaust was a major influence. Nonetheless, the film	film	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He was known for roles in British comedy television series such as Porridge, The Two Ronnies and Open All	All	DET	Hours	NOUN	 Hours
But it was my emotions I heard in his voice. Just like I always had. " Music historians	historians	NOUN	Schinder	PROPN	 Schinder
Despite having a 3.03 ERA (precisely the same as his 1885 performance), Getzein won a career high	high	ADJ	30	NUM	 30
Thelwall's monument is one of the few in Oxford to include kneeling figures. There are painted glass windows	windows	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
She was with the team during the 2011 IBSA Africa Oceania Goalball Regional Champions, which served as the Paralympic	Paralympic	PROPN	qualifying	NOUN	 qualifying
The audio version Live was later serviced to digital retailers for music download. Live received generally negative reviews from	from	ADP	music	NOUN	 music
Numerous breed registries did so. In the course of this research, she also studied the phenomenon of chimerism	chimerism	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hassett continued his liking for the Queensland attack, scoring 104 and 205 in Victoria ’ s two matches against	against	ADP	their	PRON	 their
This is a deliberate reference to the number 1013, which frequently appeared in The X Files, where Vince	Vince	PROPN	Gilligan	PROPN	 Gilligan
Marines in the battalion were also awarded one Medal of Honor and seven Navy Crosses during the war. Following	Following	VERB	World	PROPN	 World
1747) was one of the finest buildings at the time. The White House is more neoclassical than Palladian	Palladian	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Castiel tortures the demon who tells them where to find Meg, but kills her before she can reveal the	the	DET	truth	NOUN	 truth
Al Talaba won the third place play off against Al Zawra ' a 4 – 2 on penalties after a	a	DET	1	NUM	 1
She stated " I look back at the 20 years behind me and I realized that a lot of things	things	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The New York City Subway system is infested with rats. Rats are sometimes seen on platforms, and are	are	AUX	commonly	ADV	 commonly
Wills, too, saw the need for compromise. He wrote to his brother Horace: " Rugby was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Miller settled in quickly, hitting his second ball through the covers for four and moved to 49 in 49	49	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
One salvo penetrated the ship's ammunition magazines and a massive explosion destroyed the cruiser. By 19: 24	24	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, personnel from the battalion were detailed to unload stores. Sandover regarded the lack of opposition as	as	ADP	fortunate	ADJ	 fortunate
The two men briefly conversed before Derrick excused himself, fearing that he had not much time left and wishing	wishing	VERB	to	PART	 to
The current was mechanically keyed to send the word " NAVY " in Morse Code. A ship received by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Cary Elwes as Dr. Lawrence Gordon Leigh Whannell as Adam Stanheight Tobin Bell as John Kramer Danny Glover as David	David	PROPN	Tapp	PROPN	 Tapp
The single " 4 Walls ", meanwhile, peaked at numbers two on the Gaon Digital Chart and the	the	DET	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
As a secular piece the cup would be an almost unique survival at this level of quality, " the	the	DET	one	NUM	 one
" Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly wrote that, " While Jay Z does not make the ambitious leap of	of	ADP	trying	VERB	 trying
The entire route, consisting of two lanes for two way traffic, traverses on the flat land in the	the	DET	Fish	PROPN	 Fish
Seventeen minutes later, at 9: 03 a.m. (EDT), a second group of terrorists crashed the	the	DET	hijacked	ADJ	 hijacked
The double burden is usually view as a primary problem for single women or married women. However, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Minnehaha Park lies within the Mississippi National River and Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The flight ran out of fuel before it was able to make a second landing attempt. The airplane crashed	crashed	VERB	approximately	ADV	 approximately
Yet the small European population and the rapid turnover of staff in local industries continued to limit the manpower available	available	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
A parliamentary inquiry and media reports indicated that the Indigenous traditional owners of Muckaty Station were divided over whether it	it	PRON	should	AUX	 should
Thus, the exact position of most osteoderms is uncertain. A pair of closely spaced spikes was found articulated	articulated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Wood briefly attended Cary Elementary, a public school in Cary, North Carolina. She was subsequently home schooled	schooled	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Johnson made another alteration to his units operations. He loathed ground attack missions which highly trained fighter pilots were	were	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
Gardiner notes that the oboes ' music may illustrate the " stratospheric circling of the angelic host " which the	the	DET	hymn	NOUN	 hymn
The episode's first broadcast in Canada on Global was watched by 1.27 million viewers, making it fourth for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Among them was an upper jaw Bain referred to as the " Cape Iguanodon "; as such the site	site	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Baker's Marine service was uneventful, and his name rarely appears in colonial records for this period. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Learning that the Gargantua is hidden beneath the surface of a nearby planet called Ragnarok's World, Professor T.	T.	PROPN	Bird	PROPN	 Bird
Selection Aptitude Phase (hill phase) – 4 weeks. This phase is conducted in the Brecon Beacons,	,	PUNCT	South	PROPN	 South
In January 1945, removal of two quadruple torpedo tubes was authorized to permit substitution of two 40 mm quad	quad	NOUN	mounts	NOUN	 mounts
The increased use of the English language globally has had an effect on other languages, leading to some English	English	ADJ	words	NOUN	 words
The first sessions for Abbey Road began on 22 February 1969, only three weeks after the Get Back sessions	sessions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
From inception, the team had developed its assets for a high end system to ensure the finished project would	would	AUX	have	VERB	 have
When he found escape impossible he became sullen, and refused to look at or touch a tablet [but	but	CCONJ	agreed	VERB	 agreed
The hares, rabbits and pikas (order Lagomorpha) have continuously growing incisors, as do rodents, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Despite the women's snub and perceived chauvinistic terms, she nevertheless competed on the men's side, tying	tying	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The German objective was to bombard Sunderland on the 19th, with extensive reconnaissance provided by airships and submarines.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1879, OWU alumna Elizabeth Russell founded Kwassui Women's College in Nagasaki, Japan, when predominant Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	culture	NOUN	 culture
The rear facing dorsal gun position, enclosed with a sliding, near clear view canopy, and for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Homer, unaware that the contest is only open to kids, eagerly takes on the challenge to prove his	his	PRON	professionalism	NOUN	 professionalism
Awards won by Curse of the Black Pearl include Best Make up / Hair at the 57th British Academy Film	Film	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
The book was well received upon release, and the success of Ward's first two wordless novels encouraged publishers	publishers	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Significant time was spent constructing the First United States Army Group, a notional army to threaten Pas de Calais	Calais	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Watts purchased a former Glenelg cruise boat in 1948 and placed it in service as Popeye 2. Over the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
It was formed on 1 November 1956 following the States Reorganisation Act by combining Malayalam speaking regions. Spread over	over	ADP	38,863	NUM	 38,863
The celebrity aspect of the episode was almost canceled because the producers were unable to get an obligation before the	the	DET	record	NOUN	 record
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Co director Rob Minkoff said that both films are " more true life adventure than mythical epic. " Though	Though	SCONJ	considered	VERB	 considered
The first classes in the new school were held in February 1930. The schoolhouse was constructed in a "	"	PUNCT	fireproof	ADJ	 fireproof
"; when translated, it says " Jesus, I want this world to know You. " The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Legal action has been taken against Noel Gallagher and Oasis for plagiarism on three separate occasions during the course of	of	ADP	Oasis	NOUN	 Oasis
In spring training, Weber led the Yankees with a.483 batting average and was presented with the James P. Dawson	Dawson	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
Jennings noted that the gameplay was not " groundbreaking " and similarly stated that the game relied heavily on "	"	PUNCT	what	PRON	 what
In mid 1913, she patrolled the eastern coast of Mexico during the Mexican Revolution. She returned in 1914	1914	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Sa ' iqa had also been engaged in heavy fighting at Serabaeum, Deversoir and the nearby military base	base	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Detailed observations were made of four whale carcasses in False Bay between 2000 and 2010. Sharks were drawn to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The release features ten of Yankovic's song parodies, all of which pertain to food. A similar album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Let's Kill Hitler " was written by Steven Moffat and directed by Richard Senior. In the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Through her daughter, Victoria Eugenie, she is an ancestress of Felipe VI, the current King of Spain	Spain	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the band's early days, before acquiring a full time road crew, Wright was responsible for unloading	unloading	VERB	the	DET	 the
Its primary objective was to provide a basic governmental framework that would preempt New Jersey's fall into anarchy.	.	PUNCT	And	CCONJ	 And
Republican lawmakers intent on funding a defensive shield criticized the report and the Clinton administration for inaccurate assessments and distorted	distorted	ADJ	intelligence	NOUN	 intelligence
He also stated, " Iftah Ya Simsim complements every one of my accomplishments in the field of children's	's	PART	work	NOUN	 work
The most decorated Australian Naval unit of World War One, however was not a ship at all, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Inspiration for Ron Swanson came from an encounter Schur had in Burbank with an elected official, a Libertarian who	who	PRON	favored	VERB	 favored
In an interview with Your Computer magazine, Richard Cockayne stated that both Theatre Europe and Falklands ' 82 received	received	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The semi final round of the tournament took place immediately after the first round, and Mr. Perfect gained the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
He appealed to the House of Lords, who decided (led by Lord Birkenhead) that they did not	not	PART	have	VERB	 have
The second nickname, again, courtesy of Manners, was " Teso Dos Bitches. " " Teso Dos	Dos	PROPN	Bichos	PROPN	 Bichos
During the battle of Frederickburg, the 22nd lost 12 killed and 42 wounded, roughly 28 percent casualties.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The game's player protagonist is by default named Wes (レオ, Reo, Leo), but as	as	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Following her death, and with both George and Mary Watts increasingly out of fashion, the memorial was abandoned	abandoned	VERB	half	ADV	 half
Shortly thereafter, City Council President Darlene Harris confirmed her intention to run. In addition, Jake Wheatley,	,	PUNCT	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
The jumpshot is cake. That's all hockey is: open ice. That's my whole strategy:	:	PUNCT	Find	VERB	 Find
The demise of Constantine Tikh came as a shock for the Byzantines. Initially, Michael VIII considered marring his	his	PRON	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
One Wildcat lost radio contact and could not find either of the American carriers; the pilot was never found	found	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
" Prior to The Lion King, Irons was famous for starring as several villains and antagonists in live action	action	NOUN	films	NOUN	 films
Two more singles from We Need Each Other were released: " Whatever You're Doing (Something Heavenly)	)	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Circadian rhythm effects describe the tendency for humans to experience a normal cycle in attentiveness and sleepiness through the 24	24	NUM	hour	NOUN	 hour
" In 1965 she played Amy Nelson in I Saw What You Did (1965), another William Castle	Castle	PROPN	vehicle	NOUN	 vehicle
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 27, 1997. It was written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
A number of state- and national level sports events are sponsored in Tirunelveli annually. The VOC grounds (in	in	ADP	central	ADJ	 central
They criticized the use of magic in a largely science based book, calling it " the biggest cheat since	since	SCONJ	Dallas	PROPN	 Dallas
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 22, 2009. In the episode, Leslie	Leslie	PROPN	tries	VERB	 tries
Collier had owned 202 acres (0.82 km2) of land to the west and north of the park that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The A.V. Club praised the production for being " a sonic classic of slow rolling G funk and glossy hyper	hyper	ADJ	soul	NOUN	 soul
Loubier was replaced in a by election on September 17, 2007, by newcomer Bloc candidate Ève Mary Thaï	Thaï	PROPN	Thi	PROPN	 Thi
Phoenix was stationed in Alexandria and patrolled the Aegean Sea and waters around the Dodecanese from 14 June to July	July	PROPN	1940	NUM	 1940
Xamin felt it was an " absolutely fantastic match " and that they showed " the world how good women	women	NOUN	's	PART	's
It is believed that, if appropriate preventive measures were instituted globally, mortality among children could be reduced by	by	ADP	400,000	NUM	 400,000
The lengthy film brainwashes the attendees into worshipping The Leader. After Homer joins the cult, he moves his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
GamesRadar also commented that Roxas " starts off like a zombie, but rapidly develops a personality " during the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
In 2009 the first XI won Division 3 having been newly promoted from Division 4. In those two seasons	seasons	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Labrador is an irregular shape: the western part of its border with Quebec is the drainage divide for the	the	DET	Labrador	PROPN	 Labrador
The letter was read to members of the Society at a meeting on 17 December, and a report was	was	AUX	published	VERB	 published
While recording the album Emerick would sit on the stairs outside the studio so that he could " listen to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The season was storyboarded by Alexander, Brookshier, Cash, Cervas, Charmatz, King, Reccardi, and	and	CCONJ	Springer	PROPN	 Springer
In Bath at St James, which is 180 metres (590 ft) upstream of Pultney Weir the mean	mean	ADJ	flow	NOUN	 flow
Only eight years later HMVS Cerberus, the first breastwork monitor, was launched. Only three years later followed	followed	VERB	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
Kratos then battles Persephone to the death. Although victorious, he is warned by a dying Persephone that his	his	PRON	suffering	NOUN	 suffering
In a study published in 2008, Nina Rønsted and colleagues analysed the DNA sequences from the nuclear ribosomal internal	internal	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The multiplayer element was noted for appealing to a diverse demographic for its party game qualities and being an "	"	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
Its harmony and modulation are conventional, and the work bears the clear fingerprints of Wagner and Grieg. Payne	Payne	PROPN	asserts	VERB	 asserts
" already knows the answer, assuming he, or anyone, can actually bring themselves to care about such	such	DET	a	DET	 a
Additionally, it contains vocoder processed background vocals, a xylophone solo and a cascading synth outro. Opening with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
The highest point within city limits is at High Point in West Seattle, which is roughly located near 35th	35th	ADJ	Ave	PROPN	 Ave
The Corps was assisted in its work by voluntary help from the British Red Cross, St John's Ambulance	Ambulance	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Whitson Road side of the park has a youth baseball field; a basketball court and playground are accessible	accessible	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
" On March 5, 2011, Judah defeated Mabuza via technical knockout in the seventh round, at the	the	DET	Prudential	PROPN	 Prudential
In November 2013, WHO and the malaria vaccine funders group set a goal to develop vaccines designed to interrupt	interrupt	VERB	malaria	ADJ	 malaria
Old age is listed as the third most frequent cause of death. Cardiomyopathy, heart murmur and other cardiac	cardiac	ADJ	issues	NOUN	 issues
The game ends as they (presumably) kiss under a falling curtain. Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are	are	AUX	given	VERB	 given
On his return to the continent from England, Henry sought to secure his French lands and quash any potential	potential	ADJ	rebellion	NOUN	 rebellion
The Cincinnati Reds visited Nashville to play against the Sounds on April 23, 1990. A crowd of 14,012	14,012	NUM	witnessed	VERB	 witnessed
Waddy was responsible for training " Attenborough's Private Army ", a group of fifty men who went through	through	ADP	boot	NOUN	 boot
In 1993, the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) approved the use of the dalton	dalton	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
On the other hand, it would catch a Singapore citizen now a foreign permanent resident employed in a foreign	foreign	ADJ	country	NOUN	 country
While the speeds were high enough to operate with a profit in Sweden and to Copenhagen, the slow lines	lines	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As the ship turned over, the two stood briefly to attention, then Lindemann and his messenger saluted.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
The life cycle of Chirocephalus diaphanus is extremely fast. The typical duration of a full life cycle is not	not	PART	known	VERB	 known
It was released as the lead single from the mixtape on February 19, 2016 after Banks had announced the	the	DET	mixtape	NOUN	 mixtape
The episode first aired on the UPN network on February 9, 2000. Directed by Mike Vejar, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He beat his goal tally from the previous season when he scored his fourth goal of the campaign in Stevenage	Stevenage	PROPN	's	PART	's
The traditional image of Byzantine Greek merchants as unenterprising benefactors of state aid is beginning to change for that of	of	ADP	mobile	ADJ	 mobile
In the next week in a loss against the Ohio State Buckeyes, Mitchell again started in place of Farmer	Farmer	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The gates in the center of each of the four sides were reserved for the emperor; these gates had	had	VERB	straight	ADJ	 straight
The following year, as if to prove de Cosmos right, governor Sir James Douglas appointed Crease Attorney General	General	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
After returning to the ship he became its executive officer until July 1915, when he became commander of the	the	DET	USS	PROPN	 USS
This appellation combined a loose term for the geographical region, " Thames Valley ", with the Reading team	team	NOUN	's	PART	's
It moved northward before eventually curving westward and dissipating on November 28. The final tropical cyclone developed southwest of	of	ADP	Sri	PROPN	 Sri
By the end of the 18th century, the batterie turque had become so fashionable that keyboard instruments were fitted	fitted	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Overtly cinematic music, with stronger orchestral and choral elements, appears in cutscenes. The soundtrack was released on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
This suggests that forest fragmentation may not completely isolate separated populations. The only predator known to target this species	species	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The Ardennes is a free moving, long striding breed, despite their compact body structure. The Ardennes breed	breed	ADV	could	AUX	 could
This letter impressed George very much, although he did not consider the impoverished Leopold as a possible suitor for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The queue features dozens of television monitors that show a series of video segments (which are being presented on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
2 contained a cover by the late Israeli singer Ofra Haza. A eurodance version was recorded by the group	group	NOUN	Mad	PROPN	 Mad
The North Koreans quickly discovered that the 2nd Battalion was withdrawing and attacked it. In the vicinity of Hills	Hills	PROPN	464	NUM	 464
The odious composition is made of fat clumsy mutton chops, embedded in layers of sliced apples, shredded onions	onions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Ford Railroad was constructed between L ' Anse and the Cliff River for his logging operations on 300,000 acres	acres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Steve Morse of The Boston Globe, when describing the song, said that it was a " bid to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Two quotations from the original soundtrack were included in the song. The fourth track " Live to Tell "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The band released their second studio album in 2003, The Link (reissued in 2007 with remastered audio and	and	CCONJ	new	ADJ	 new
The Icelandic government also believes that there are many more untapped geothermal sources throughout the country, estimating that over	over	ADP	20	NUM	 20
The two primarily compete against smaller DFS services, such as Fantasy Aces and Yahoo! Sports. The popularity	popularity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Other threats include illegal collection for pet trade, which concerns mainly the southern crested newt, and the northern	northern	ADJ	crested	VERB	 crested
The Australian Board of Control eventually decided that, as he had already appeared for England, they could not	not	PART	choose	VERB	 choose
" Three Men and Adena " received especially positive reviews and has been described as one of the " classic	classic	ADJ	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Most of this ash fell between 3 and 12 miles (5 and 19 km) from its vent,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Reimer has also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and San Jose Sharks. He was selected by the Maple	Maple	PROPN	Leafs	PROPN	 Leafs
A commission was called and it found that further strengthening was needed. With the problems of the Prince of	of	ADP	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
The Australians (282) drew with Durham (73 / 5). In the absence of the resting	resting	VERB	Bradman	PROPN	 Bradman
" Miss Clicamp, of number two York Street near Middlesex Hospital, is described as " one of the	the	DET	finest	ADJ	 finest
Many American developers tried to capitalize on the template established by Street Fighter II, but it was Chicago's	's	PART	Midway	PROPN	 Midway
The CNA championship involves two divisions of teams from the Caribbean islands. In 2010 five teams competed in two	two	NUM	rounds	NOUN	 rounds
The ALP were conclusively defeated by the United Progressive Party (UPP) and forced out of government, Joseph	Joseph	PROPN	lost	VERB	 lost
With the help of the influential Charles C. Burlingham, a senior New York lawyer and close friend, he	he	PRON	gained	VERB	 gained
Actor Adam West played himself on the show, in which he introduces Jack Donaghy by the wrong name at	at	ADP	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
The curator was tasked with keeping a catalog and a case history of each specimen in the cabinet. Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
Alexey Lutsenko (Astana) placed an attack with 16 km (9.9 mi) to go. With 10	10	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The fin tank is used to reduce trim drag by optimizing the center of gravity, which typically would shift	shift	VERB	forward	ADV	 forward
However, it was generally accepted only after the Vienna Military Institute for Geography issued a new, authoritative collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Alonso believed he would have been on pole if the incident had not happened, and Schumacher was stripped of	of	ADP	pole	NOUN	 pole
They joined Harrison in forcing the British retreat from Detroit and held the Indian allies of the British off his	his	PRON	left	ADJ	 left
For the 2006 – 07 season, Danny Wilson was appointed the new manager, Wilson had previously managed Humphreys	Humphreys	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Individuals adopting the CrimethInc. nom de guerre have included convicted ELF arsonists, as well as hacktivists who successfully	successfully	ADV	attacked	VERB	 attacked
As a radio journalist he earned the moniker " the voice of the voiceless " and was renowned for identifying	identifying	VERB	with	ADP	 with
During that time, he tested several forms of air wells in Yugoslavia and on Vis Island in the Adriatic	Adriatic	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
" Authors Tracey West and Katherine Noll called Charizard the best Fire type Pokémon and the third best Pokémon overall	overall	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
2004: All Years Leaving by the Stands, guitar on " Some Weekend Night " 2008: 22 Dreams	Dreams	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
These arrests paralyzed the opposition. The repressions continued and intensified. An estimated 12,000 individuals were imprisoned as "	"	PUNCT	enemies	NOUN	 enemies
Concerts later on included " Mysterious Ways ", " Until the End of the World ", " New	New	PROPN	Year	PROPN	 Year
" Still this was apparently enough that later in the 19th century the role of Orpheus came to be sung	sung	VERB	almost	ADV	 almost
Four months later, the brigade returned to the United States, and was demobilized with the rest of the	the	DET	division	NOUN	 division
Also, people might feel that the venue is not always the best place " to meaningfully and constructively press	press	VERB	their	PRON	 their
During the match he scored 556 points without reply, a new record in a professional event, beating the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
Sakanaction cancelled or rescheduled many of their planned radio appearances, deciding not to directly promote the single at the	the	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
China denied this deal because it did not want the Su 35, but only shown slight interest in its	its	PRON	117S	PROPN	 117S
His core concept was that players try to establish boundaries between safety and danger, and that fear results when	when	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
Its members discussed challenging him in 2014 because of his proposed cuts to social programs, but the party openly	openly	ADV	admitted	VERB	 admitted
In regulations, the university does not name MD or DDS as higher doctorates, although they are in many	many	ADJ	universities	NOUN	 universities
First Great Western declined a contractual option to continue the Greater Western passenger franchise (of which services at Avonmouth	Avonmouth	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
However, Mota won his first World Series when the Giants defeated Texas 4 games to 1 in the series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Though both of New York City's football teams play today across the Hudson River in MetLife Stadium in East	East	PROPN	Rutherford	PROPN	 Rutherford
Some insects have evolved this system to hypermetamorphosis. Some of the oldest and most successful insect groups, such	such	ADJ	Endopterygota	PROPN	 Endopterygota
Harv the storekeeper was played by Hoke Howell, a film, television and theater actor who trained at the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
Following a number of terrorist attacks, the road was closed to the public in 1990, when security gates	gates	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The song also peaked at number nine on the Irish Singles Chart. The accompanying music video was directed by	by	ADP	Sean	PROPN	 Sean
In addition to the other land forces, President Joseph Kabila also has a Republican Guard presidential force (Garde	Garde	PROPN	Républicaine	PROPN	 Républicaine
The question of men's signatures was solved by having two sections of signatures, one for women followed by	by	ADP	one	NUM	 one
This is especially true of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, locked together in a struggle against all Scotland and their	their	PRON	fate	NOUN	 fate
It peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart, spending 12 weeks in the top 20 and 25	25	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
As graduates, Macmillan and four other women were full members of the General Council of Edinburgh University, but	but	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
People over the age of 60 are more commonly affected. Dogs are also known to develop hypothyroidism and in	in	ADP	rare	ADJ	 rare
The lintels of these survive in place and are themselves arched to relieve pressure from the weight of the pier	pier	NOUN	's	PART	's
Scheer replied that Hipper was to return to Wilhelmshaven while the fleet stood off Horns Reef. For his conduct	conduct	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Van Erp dismantled and rebuilt the upper three circular platforms and stupas. Along the way, Van Erp discovered	discovered	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
American expansionists used the slogan " 54 40 or fight " in reference to the Northern boundary coordinates of the	the	DET	Oregon	PROPN	 Oregon
It also reached the top ten in Canada, Finland, Italy and reached number two in the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Potter biographer Linda Lear and author of Beatrix Potter: A Life in Nature writes: [Potter] wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Rova underwent several significant changes during the lengthy reign of Queen Ranavalona I. The largest of the buildings in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bruce asked why Eminem was promoting a possible Insane Clown Posse appearance without first contacting the group. Bruce said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
With war with Germany now a reality, Menzies sent Richard Casey to London to seek reassurances about the defence	defence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In his American incarnation, Pedobear is an anthropomorphic bear child predator that is often used within the community to	to	PART	mock	VERB	 mock
Paddy is the major crop while the others being black gram, green gram, ground nut and gingely.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Another convoy of APCs deployed by the JNA through Borovo Naselje, just south of Borovo Selo, was stopped	stopped	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Thereafter, the storm started to lose tropical characteristics, with historical weather maps indicating a low pressure area imbedded	imbedded	VERB	within	ADP	 within
In the aftermath of the war they and the settlers of Maine and New Hampshire were extremely mistrustful of one	one	NUM	another	DET	 another
James, and the subsequent sales team that developed, marketed the company's drugs nationally. Other family members	members	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Based on the novel by James Jones, it tells a semi fictionalized version of the Battle of Mount Austen	Austen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nikkatsu was promoting lead actor Tamio Kawachi as one of its Bad Boy Trio, along with Akira Kobayashi and	and	CCONJ	Tadao	PROPN	 Tadao
" On 19 July 2012, Defence Secretary Philip Hammond indicated in a speech in the United States that the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
The episode was written by Herbert Wright, based on a story by Richard Krzemien, and directed by Richard	Richard	PROPN	Colla	PROPN	 Colla
The final scene of the episode was originally going to feature the Toothpick Man, the alien leader of the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
It suffered from wet and dry rot, vibrations from traffic on the busy nearby road had damaged the fabric	fabric	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Route 5 passes under Route 63 and enters Fort Lee, where the route immediately intersects Bergen Boulevard, which	which	PRON	provides	VERB	 provides
The Cacchios transferred ownership of the property to the Theatre Collective on August 19, 2010. Since its purchase	purchase	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In a series of studies published in the 1930s, psychologist Bill Goldfarb noted not only deficits in the ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Reid states that although speculation behind the editorial decision to allow the paralysis of the character to become permanent included	included	VERB	the	DET	 the
The first arrest made under the law involved a person who publicly protested with a sign containing a pro LGBT	LGBT	NOUN	message	NOUN	 message
The rivalry quickly took on a patriotic flavour, with Galloway's blue colours of Scotland clashing O'Shaunnesy's green	green	ADJ	colours	NOUN	 colours
However, in dry forests on Great Exuma in The Bahamas, F. aurea establishes exclusively on palms, in	in	ADP	spite	NOUN	 spite
Due to this, he often clashes with his partners (who are unaware of this). Rex and	and	CCONJ	Hannah	PROPN	 Hannah
Before Imbudo struck, officials evacuated over 14,000 people to at least 60 shelters. Government offices were closed along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Hail Eärendil, brightest of stars! " And in The Silmarillion, the phrase Utúlie ' n aurë	aurë	ADJ	!	PUNCT	!
On 12 March 1942, with this reorganization complete the division was redesignated the 29th Infantry Division and began preparing	preparing	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" Most restrictive of all are horses identified as " straight Egyptian " by the Pyramid Society, which must	must	AUX	trace	VERB	 trace
Taylor described the performance as " very cordial ", with the audience close to performers, and that "	"	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
The game also contained a bug, causing the game to freeze and the screen to blur when friends signed	signed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The term in office of Senator from Florida David Levy Yulee expired in 1850. He sought reappointment, but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
There have been occasional claims that the woolly mammoth is not extinct, and that small isolated herds might survive	survive	VERB	in	ADP	 in
These requests can include passing cars, drifting around bends, driving through marked lanes, knocking over cones,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Profiting by its success, Jerningham followed it up in successive years with other poems on the theme of nuns	nuns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" She might deny other religions, the existence of evil, mesmerism, astrology, numerology and the symptoms	symptoms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The managements of Supermarine and Vickers were able to convince the Air Ministry that the problems could be overcome and	and	CCONJ	further	ADJ	 further
The book follows Harry Potter, a young wizard, in his third year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and	and	CCONJ	Wizardry	PROPN	 Wizardry
After Battle of Berezina Napoleon succeeded to escape but had to abandon much of the remaining artillery and baggage train	train	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fat Tony & Co. was confirmed on 3 August 2013, with series production beginning on 5 August 2013.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Players can navigate the game world and select missions via a world map accessed between levels. While playing,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Ken was kicked out of home on New Year's Day 1990. Their on / off relationship continued,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
As in Heyer's other novels, her word choice frequently highlights the fact that the heroine's behavior diverges	diverges	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Ramirez, McKidd and Wilson also perform together on Snow Patrol's " Chasing Cars. " Ramirez is the	the	DET	lead	ADJ	 lead
" However, the writers could not determine where to go from there. Following Humphris ' earlier pitch of	of	ADP	Bobby	PROPN	 Bobby
Some tracks were composed using Eno and Peter Schmidt's Oblique Strategies cards: " Boys Keep Swinging " entailed	entailed	VERB	band	NOUN	 band
Rockefeller spent the last 40 years of his life in retirement at his estate, Kykuit, in Westchester County	County	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2006, the Super 12 expanded to form the Super 14 when the Western Force from Perth, Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Director Enzo Castellari also makes a cameo appearance in the film at the movie premiere. He previously cameoed as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Also, Bill suggested that Stan take Sparky to a Barbra Streisand concert. The disappearance of Big Gay Al	Al	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
" Furthermore, Richard M. Gale argued that premise three, the " possibility premise ", begs the question	question	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As the rivalry has intensified in recent years, the teams have battled more often for playoff position. The	The	DET	Mets	PROPN	 Mets
Although interests in human anatomy had a long tradition in the Western world, a forensic book such as Song	Song	PROPN	Ci	PROPN	 Ci
Larn also uses a fixed time feature, in that the player had only so many turns to complete a	a	DET	goal	NOUN	 goal
" Although interest has been expressed in adapting Saga for film or TV, Vaughan and Staples reaffirmed their desire	desire	NOUN	not	PART	 not
Frank Black Francis, a double album bridging the gap between his two personas, was released to coincide with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
While presenting its 2010 – 11 season schedule on May 21, 2010, The CW announced its intention to	to	PART	air	VERB	 air
(January 22, 1910 – June 19, 1976) was a professional baseball player for 23 years from	from	ADP	1929	NUM	 1929
The following season, the powerhouse Bruins shattered dozens of league offensive records. Orr himself finished second in league	league	NOUN	scoring	NOUN	 scoring
In the ride's climax, Doctor Octopus lifts the Scoop up to a height of 400 feet (120	120	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The Director's minutes read: " It was decided also that Messrs A. Leitch be instructed to value the	the	DET	cost	NOUN	 cost
Their efforts resulted in a primarily dance pop record, which Cyrus ' record label acknowledged differed from the original	original	ADJ	plans	NOUN	 plans
On October 1, 2010, MTA awarded a $431 million contract to joint venture SSK Constructors for the	the	DET	mining	NOUN	 mining
The freestanding sculptures include amongst others: a larger than life sandstone sculpture of Hercules fighting the Nemean Lion,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
According to Winnick, the Edison family was shaped after characters from EC Comics and Warren Publishing magazines. The	The	DET	sentient	NOUN	 sentient
In its original American broadcast on March 3, 1993, " Three Men and Adena " was watched by	by	ADP	7.08	NUM	 7.08
She was convinced that this would strengthen the royal family morally and physically. Louise became engaged to the Marquess	Marquess	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The carriage pole ends in a phoenix head, and the carriage is drawn by four horses. The escort	escort	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The song marked Spears's highest sales debut since her 2011 number one hit " Hold It Against Me "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Chauvel distinguished himself fighting alongside a group of New Zealanders and capturing a Maxim gun. The Queensland Mounted Infantry	Infantry	PROPN	participated	VERB	 participated
" When asked in an interview with Australia's Herald Sun if Brown knew him, Harris replied, "	"	PUNCT	Well	INTJ	 Well
CrossCountry services are usually formed of Class 220 and 221 Voyager diesel electric multiple units, with some services between	between	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
Of the 200 papers published each year that receive the most citations, about 10% are based on Hubble	Hubble	PROPN	data	NOUN	 data
By September 8, the system had developed enough convection near its center of circulation to be classified Subtropical Depression	Depression	PROPN	Eight	NUM	 Eight
While living at the Kirchherrs ' house his condition got worse, and after collapsing again on 10 April 1962	1962	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Currently, the only known sightings of this species since the 1980s are in rivers in Sri Lanka. Fewer	Fewer	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Chien Shiung Wu and collaborators in 1957 discovered that the weak interaction violates parity, earning Yang and Lee the	the	DET	1957	NUM	 1957
Nervous and choppy, she makes Debbie Harry sound as smooth as Jay Z. " The magazine also said that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
For example, it is used to enhance storytelling, it is indispensable in dance (1, 4)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
For the original model, Holden replaced the long serving Kingswood and Premier large cars developed in Australia, with	with	ADP	another	DET	 another
At Atlantis, they meet the Atlantean Emperor, Lord Royal Highness who shows them a grand tour of the	the	DET	fortress	NOUN	 fortress
This damage, ahead of the armoured bulkhead, could have been implosion damage suffered while Hood sank, as	as	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
The resemblance to Geastrum species (also known as true earthstars) accounts for the common name " false earthstar	earthstar	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In response, Marvel agreed to air footage from Age of Ultron during the episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Cook later admitted that they were shocked by the backlash in the press and among the parents of their audience	audience	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shooting for the film was conducted in Kota, Jakarta, and Semarang, Central Java, over a period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Following the Korean War, Boxer returned to the United States. She conducted a tour of the Pacific throughout	throughout	ADP	1954	NUM	 1954
Parturition also occurs continuously in Australian waters; in the Herald Bight of Shark Bay, the number of newborns	newborns	NOUN	peaks	NOUN	 peaks
Speculation that an extended jam session would be released either under the title Mechanical Bliss, or Naked in the	the	DET	Jungle	PROPN	 Jungle
The bees store these compounds in specialized spongy pouches inside their swollen hind legs, as they appear to use	use	VERB	the	DET	 the
You always hear how trades are part of the game and that you don't have any control over them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The same document declares that " there were no other bishoprics and monasteries in Hungary " at that time.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
If the electrode is positively charged, the base metal will be hotter, increasing weld penetration and welding speed	speed	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She also appeared briefly as an extra in the 2010 film She's Out of My League. Her first	first	ADJ	featured	VERB	 featured
Pip, a chipmunk friend of Giselle who has no trouble expressing himself through speech in Andalasia, loses his	his	PRON	ability	NOUN	 ability
Correlation between the Hoy volcanics and the other two exposures has been proposed, but differences in chemistry means this	this	PRON	remains	VERB	 remains
That evening the North Koreans were strongly reinforced, attacking the Australian southern flank manned by D Company 3 RAR	RAR	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The record sold 227,000 copies in its first week of release, ahead of A Tribe Called Quest's The	The	PROPN	Love	PROPN	 Love
His albums Wings of a Stranger, Limestone, and Blood Mates have been described as groundbreaking due to his	his	PRON	highly	ADV	 highly
Following his NHL draft, he underwent surgery for chipped bones in his left elbow in August 1993. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
On January 11, Torbush hired then Texas A & M running backs coach Ken Rucker to fill the new	new	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
From 1880 to 1850 million years ago, the region was volcanically active. This volcanism ceased 1850 million years	years	NOUN	ago	ADV	 ago
The fragment speaks of a very powerful pagan prince, residing in the Vistulan country, who reviled the Christians	Christians	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He suffered from breathing problems due to high altitude and emphysema and was taken to a local hospital. His	His	PRON	publicist	NOUN	 publicist
As leader of the Colorado River band of Mohave, Irataba encouraged peaceful relations with whites, served as a	a	DET	mediator	NOUN	 mediator
Examples of Fortune 500 companies not based on Texas traditional industries are AT & T, Kimberly Clark, Blockbuster	Blockbuster	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the other, Edward III falls in love with the countess, and arranges to be alone with her	her	PRON	so	SCONJ	 so
The method used by ectoprocts is known as " upstream collecting ", as food particles are captured before they	they	PRON	pass	VERB	 pass
Perhaps due to illness, he chose not to flee the colony. Instead, Carroll offered support and legal	legal	ADJ	advice	NOUN	 advice
Wiggins is married to Catherine (née Cockran), whom he met during the 2002 Commonwealth Games, after	after	ADP	first	ADJ	 first
Reef Younis of Clash perceived an emotional context to the album, writing that, " where [Flying Lotus	Lotus	PROPN	]	PUNCT	]
In April 2009, the government released a new labelling scheme for digital television devices, to help people buy	buy	VERB	the	DET	 the
Jean Béliveau, a former member of the rival Montreal Canadiens, expressed sadness upon the news, stating "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Accounts from the early 1900s describe the parrots traveling away from the Luquillo forest and the Sierra de Cayey towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first quarter of the film features Bond's subsequent visit to McTarry Castle in Scotland, on a quest	quest	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Meanwhile, forces loyal to Michael in Wallachia led by his son, Nicolae Pătraşcu, drove Simion Movilă out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
After DelaCerna stated that she would always make sure Copeland could dance, both the emancipation papers and restraining orders	orders	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In the eastern Atlantic, it occurs from the southern Bay of Biscay to Angola, including the Mediterranean Sea	Sea	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Hotaru learns that her friend is supernatural and that touching Gin will cause him to disappear forever. Hotaru returns	returns	VERB	every	DET	 every
It was one of the earliest hotels on the continent of Europe to specifically cater for the British elite.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first government action against native languages came in 1953, when the use of Taiwanese or Japanese for instruction	instruction	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Prior to its official release, the Xbox One received mixed reviews; the entertainment oriented features were praised,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Stewart at first responded happily to this, but then grew visibly frightened once Colbert informed him of O'Brien's	's	PART	response	NOUN	 response
Frank Patrick, a contemporary of McGee's and like him a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame,	,	PUNCT	described	VERB	 described
The planned civilian version, the PL 9, would have been an enlarged, twin engined aircraft; however	however	ADV	Platt	PROPN	 Platt
He was imprisoned until 2007, when he was pardoned by Kagame. Between 1994 and 2003, Rwanda was	was	AUX	governed	VERB	 governed
To support the attack on Lakona, the tanks had to cross a creek with steep coral banks, swollen	swollen	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Having met a set of stringent economic, governance and human rights criteria, Madagascar became the first country to	to	PART	benefit	VERB	 benefit
Although the site is close to Battersea Park and Queenstown Road stations, it appears to be considered that trains	trains	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Some vehicles were fitted with a 3.7 cm PaK 36 or 5 cm PaK 38 anti tank gun. Sometimes	Sometimes	ADV	they	PRON	 they
World Dance Colosseum is a two on two dance competition founded in Japan. There are five two on two	two	NUM	world	NOUN	 world
Bruxner was initially educated in private tuition but was soon sent as a boarder first at St Mark's Crescent	Crescent	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
It is the tenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by James Gunn, who	who	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
He also derived a salary in his fourth year as business manager of the Acta Victoriana. These sources of	of	ADP	income	NOUN	 income
Aloneness and renunciation, states the text, is the path to the life of eternity. Beyond heaven,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
In the winter of 1851 – 52 Verdi decided to go to Paris with Strepponi where he concluded an agreement	agreement	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
At this time, the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (HPC) began issuing advisories on the system. The HPC	HPC	PROPN	issued	VERB	 issued
A competition was held to find a design for the bridge with a prize of 100 guineas. Entries were	were	AUX	received	VERB	 received
His second book, titled " They Call Me The Craziest One ", is 13 chapters long and talks	talks	VERB	about	ADP	 about
This became the first Valérian album – Bad Dreams was skipped because of its short length – thirty pages –	–	PUNCT	relative	ADJ	 relative
She called him " a slave driver " in the studio. Diplo commented that he met Madonna because of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This may be the Bainiardus mentioned in the Domesday Survey (1087) who gave his name to springs near	near	ADP	Paddington	PROPN	 Paddington
In the terrestrial lungless salamanders (family Plethodontidae), no lungs or gills are present, and gas exchange	exchange	NOUN	mostly	ADV	 mostly
This is followed by a period of intense volcanism, during which the new volcano erupts almost all (e.g.	e.g.	ADV	98	NUM	 98
The DS version followed in 2008 in Japan on January 17, in North America on January 22, in	in	ADP	Australasia	PROPN	 Australasia
In July 1971, Brown sold the company to the Connecticut based Heublein, a packaged food and drinks corporation	corporation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During his career, Chamberlain competed against future Hall of Famers including Russell, Thurmond, Lucas, and Walt	Walt	PROPN	Bellamy	PROPN	 Bellamy
Leech instructed Barber to prepare new designs for the dime, quarter, and half dollar, and after the	the	DET	chief	NOUN	 chief
The storm was later picked up by the trough, moving away from land and moved to the north.	.	PUNCT	Debby	PROPN	 Debby
Angle is set to compete for ICW on November 20 at Fear & Loathing IX. Angle has expressed interest	interest	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Following the Virginia Tech win, Georgia Tech defeated Virginia, Vanderbilt, Wake Forest (in overtime) and	and	CCONJ	Duke	PROPN	 Duke
Other common names include the ' blue nose whiting ' in reference to the colour of the nose in fish	fish	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Each of the four battleships carried a wide array of 20 mm and 40 mm anti aircraft guns for defense	defense	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
As part of their cultural education, students must transcribe five of these texts into lined textbooks at the Eskaya	Eskaya	PROPN	schools	NOUN	 schools
In his first appearance in King of Fighters ' 94, Rugal is shown wearing red formal clothes and with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In the 1990s, one model for doing this involved convective overturn, which suggests that convection, either from	from	ADP	neutrinos	NOUN	 neutrinos
Sometimes, the reddish stipe colour of mature mushrooms or harvested specimens that are a few days old disappears completely	completely	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Their father Marlow was a senior player in the 1950s, and helped found and coach the Madison Capitols minor	minor	ADJ	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
Rajab is an active user of online media in his human rights work, in particular social networking sites such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
On 2 December 2009, the singer performed the song on The National Lottery Draws. The following day on	on	ADP	3	NUM	 3
The episode also serves as an example of the series ' " self consciousness in terms of its status as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
They would have been protected by a waterline main belt of Vickers cemented armor that sloped outwards 15 degrees at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In honor of his accomplishments, Ford Road was named in his honor before his death in March 1905.	.	PUNCT	Ford	PROPN	 Ford
She was then assigned to the Atlantic Fleet. Five days after her commissioning, the ship steamed out of	of	ADP	Philadelphia	PROPN	 Philadelphia
Albany was formally chartered as a municipality by provincial Governor Thomas Dongan on July 22, 1686. The Dongan	Dongan	PROPN	Charter	PROPN	 Charter
The next morning three Seattle homicide detectives and a criminalist combed the entire alleyway on their hands and knees,	,	PUNCT	finding	VERB	 finding
All of the Americans were killed or captured; none of Brant's men were injured. According to a	a	DET	detailed	ADJ	 detailed
Knights and Ladies of the Thistle are assigned positions in the order of precedence, ranking above all others of	of	ADP	knightly	ADV	 knightly
" The Times, on the other hand, was enthusiastic: " It is a remarkable piece of work	work	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In the Throne Speech delivered by Governor General Michaëlle Jean on March 3, 2010, a plan to have	have	AUX	parliament	NOUN	 parliament
Although the BBC did not ask outright, Bartley's impression was that the organization wanted the film to be	be	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
He blamed what he saw as Durbrow's poor judgement for the problems in the alliance, and that the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
This behaviour culminated during a gig in Los Angeles in September 1994, leading to inept performance by Liam during	during	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Approximately at noon of 7 October 1991, Tuđman met with Stjepan Mesić, then President of the Presidency of	of	ADP	Yugoslavia	PROPN	 Yugoslavia
No. 91 (Composite) Wing was established at the base on 20 October and given administrative responsibility for	for	ADP	all	DET	 all
" Live to Tell " was originally composed by Leonard for the score of Paramount's romantic drama film Fire	Fire	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
My life long regret is that I have lived so long and so uselessly. " Nevertheless, in his	his	PRON	last	ADJ	 last
If a memory card is used with a magnetic stripe card, players have additional options; they can enter	enter	VERB	stored	VERB	 stored
Carte replied that they " are what we call ' gags ' ". The queen answered that she had	had	AUX	always	ADV	 always
The North lighthouse is 56 feet (17 m) tall, slightly taller than the south one, and	and	CCONJ	has	VERB	 has
This account states that by September 2010, these leads followed a courier to the Abbottabad urban compound, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The vast majority (about 75%) of the delegates were or had been members of the Confederation Congress	Congress	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It is a medium sized grey or speckled bird with a small naked head with colourful wattles and a knob	knob	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He made his first signing on 15 June, bringing in 21 year old midfielder Tommy Fraser, who had	had	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Pears quickly became Britten's musical inspiration and close (though for the moment platonic) friend. Britten's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
In 1925, he struck his maiden century against Sydney Boys High School and score two more the following year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Upon learning that de Grasse had sailed from the West Indies for North America, and that French Admiral de	de	PROPN	Barras	PROPN	 Barras
The mascot was announced by the Organizing Committee during the week of 30 June 2008. It was a lion	lion	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
For the early part of the era, the authority of the crown was limited by the large number of	of	ADP	minorities	NOUN	 minorities
The presence of a dune system mitigated the erosion in some areas. There was damage to the Atlantic City	City	PROPN	Boardwalk	PROPN	 Boardwalk
Smith gave an interview to the Columbia newspaper The State about his book and his interest in researching the history	history	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In that year, Tiberius was also granted the powers of a tribune and proconsul, emissaries from foreign kings	kings	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Traditionally Caernarfon's design and defences have been thought to have been inspired by the growth of the bastides.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It flows south for a few miles, crossing State Route 4024 and passing through two ponds. It then	then	ADV	turns	VERB	 turns
Operationally, Karen was classified as a strong tropical storm, but was reclassified as a Category 1 hurricane based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Rachel's husband, Haimaki Cohen, had aided King George I of Greece in 1913. In return,	,	PUNCT	King	PROPN	 King
Catwoman's campaign features her own heist focused storyline that intersects with the main story at specific points in the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The New York Post's Kyle Smith said Nispel made no attempt to create a movie beyond blood and guts	guts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It included four UK hit singles: " Exodus ", " Waiting in Vain ", " Jamming "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Negotiations prevented any further bloodshed and the 64th withdrew to Boston, their mission a failure. On the outbreak	outbreak	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In this same period he wrote Friday Afternoons, a collection of 12 songs for the pupils of Clive House	House	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
" Critic Anupama Chopra also criticized Fernandez, calling her " a pin prick on a balloon ". Later	Later	ADV	that	DET	 that
A single loop trail runs from the harbor to the oceanfront, and a path following the Spite Highway runs	runs	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cartoon Network was not happy with this story and asked for another. Ward then created a storyboard for the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
And this plague lasted till _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ "; Villani left the " _	_	NOUN	_	PUNCT	 _
Although some of the disciples reached the prison, none managed to breach its defenses. Ten of Long's	's	PART	men	NOUN	 men
In 1996, Cope gave the rights to The Terrible Towel to the Allegheny Valley School in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Black belts denote the dan ranks. A specific dan rank is represented by the number of white bars embroidered	embroidered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Black said " It belittles that [Fourth] Amendment to talk about it as though it protects nothing but	but	SCONJ	'	PUNCT	 '
In 2011, Grey's Anatomy was named the fourth highest revenue earning show of the year, with US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
Chao have also made appearances in video games outside the Sonic the Hedgehog series. In the 2004 PlayStation 2	2	NUM	game	NOUN	 game
The station was modernized with Russian assistance following independence in 1960, and began offering home service in Somali,	,	PUNCT	Amharic	PROPN	 Amharic
Herodotus suggests that this was because he feared the Greeks would sail to the Hellespont and destroy the pontoon bridges	bridges	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The adult's crown and nape are rich chestnut, and there is a kidney shaped black ear patch on	on	ADP	each	DET	 each
Newcastle's loss allowed Manchester United to move three points ahead at the top of the league the following day	day	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
Several songs on the album were recorded elsewhere; a studio recorded cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's " Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
A moderate risk day indicates that more widespread and / or more dangerous severe weather is possible (sometimes with	with	ADP	major	ADJ	 major
When they are asleep on land, both sides of their brain go into sleep mode. Living pinnipeds mainly	mainly	ADV	inhabit	VERB	 inhabit
Native Alabamian Allen Barra sharply criticized Lee and the novel in The Wall Street Journal calling Atticus a " repository	repository	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Like a Prayer " also topped the Dance Club Songs chart, while reaching number three on the Adult	Adult	PROPN	Contemporary	PROPN	 Contemporary
Conrad left the series after the second season, during which period she moved back home and transferred to the	the	DET	Fashion	PROPN	 Fashion
As of July 2011, the motorway has seven interchanges providing access to numerous towns and cities and the Croatian	Croatian	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
Parkinson's disease affects movement, producing motor symptoms. Non motor symptoms, which include autonomic dysfunction, neuropsychiatric	neuropsychiatric	ADJ	problems	NOUN	 problems
The National Trust for Scotland purchased the island in 2000 from a local crofters ' syndicate called the Barra Head	Head	PROPN	Isles	PROPN	 Isles
List began regularly writing for a weekly newspaper, the Ostdeutsche Rundschau (" East German Review "),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The film is presumed lost. The film is presumed lost as no known surviving copies of the film exist	exist	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Syaoran was well received by Japanese readers of Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle. In two popularity polls held by Weekly	Weekly	PROPN	Shōnen	PROPN	 Shōnen
Able was also the strongest hurricane outside of the current hurricane season (June 1 through November 30).	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The invention was unveiled to the public in April 1935 and the first model, the Model A, was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
The British failed to penetrate the Luftwaffe fighter shield, and all six Swordfish were destroyed. Off Dover,	,	PUNCT	Prinz	PROPN	 Prinz
MD 16 was extended north and east through Andersontown to the Delaware state line by 1939, giving the state	state	NOUN	highway	NOUN	 highway
" He further added that " It's funny. " The tattoo was described by blogger and TV personality	personality	NOUN	Perez	PROPN	 Perez
The course, initially attended only by men, eventually enrolled over a hundred community members. Others who began	began	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In Nelson, many people had thought Brunner dead and he readily recognised that he would not have survived his	his	PRON	endeavours	NOUN	 endeavours
The phrase " peace, order and good government ", they thought, should be understood as referring not	not	PART	just	ADV	 just
The song has never been performed live, although it was rehearsed extensively in an acoustic form prior to the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
Winton organised the transfer of the children from the Nazi appointed Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia to homes in Britain	Britain	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Therefore, after April 1915, she operated in the Baltic Sea, participating in several bombardment missions. On	On	ADP	11	NUM	 11
When Solid Snake (further referred to as Snake) infiltrates the island, Sniper Wolf wounds Snake's companion	companion	NOUN	Meryl	PROPN	 Meryl
In Lactantius ' account, when Diocletian announced that he was to resign, the entire crowd turned to face	face	VERB	Constantine	PROPN	 Constantine
On April 17, a weak low exited from the coast of South Africa and moved southeastward over the warm	warm	ADJ	waters	NOUN	 waters
Accordingly, the Athenian hoplites drew up a little outside Corinth, while the peltasts went after the Spartan force	force	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Following Ocean's revelation that he has been attracted to people of the same sex, some critics noted that	that	SCONJ	lines	NOUN	 lines
Although the Chidester story has been given continued exposure by US media, there has not been anywhere else,	,	PUNCT	either	CCONJ	 either
An average of four to six storms form in the North Indian Ocean every season with peaks in May and	and	CCONJ	November	PROPN	 November
" The film provided both its stars a chance to satirise the woes of international notoriety, most noted of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Gary Cornia also received the 2006 Stephen D. Gold Award from the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The Boston Storm of the United Women's Lacrosse League was formed in 2015. The area's many colleges	colleges	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
English learners have been found to map novel labels to objects more reliably than to actions compared to Mandarin learners	learners	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
These executors were supplemented by twelve men " of counsail " who would assist the executors when called on.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ryba announced on 1 December 1980 that he intended to bar the dissenting players from the Poland squad. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Several tunes and texts are of 16th century origin had long been in the repertoire, among them: "	"	PUNCT	Greensleeves	NOUN	 Greensleeves
The forces in best condition, earmarked for the Ardennes Offensive, were those which belonged to the Waffen SS	SS	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
It made its first, and only, flight on 1 December 1940 carrying two MP 6s and two 12.7	12.7	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
It originally aired on January 27, 1983 on NBC. It is co written by Ken Levine and David	David	PROPN	Isaacs	PROPN	 Isaacs
Described as new to science in 2012, its specific epithet refers to its association with black cottonwood (Populus	Populus	NOUN	trichocarpa	NOUN	 trichocarpa
Many homes, businesses, and buildings were inflicted damage because of strong winds and three tornadoes spawned by the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Richard Rouilard, editor of The Advocate in 1992 criticized Shilts for being out of touch with the contemporary style	style	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though the fires continued to burn well into the middle of November, they never again posed an immediate risk	risk	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Like sponges and ctenophores, cnidarians have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly like	like	ADP	material	NOUN	 material
The distinction made him a finalist for CHL Defenceman of the Year, but he lost to Jonathon Blum of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the members were creating demos for songs, Yamaguchi had not at that point finished composing the songs for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was created by Shigeru Miyamoto. It has been featured as a minigame in the Super Mario Advance series	series	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On August 23, 2007, TxDOT authorized an extension of FM 1938 from the intersection with FM 1709 to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Either ascending by a major third or by descending by a minor sixth, one arrives at the same pitch	pitch	NOUN	class	NOUN	 class
Mary renounced the crown without resistance in the middle of December out of fear that Charles would kill her.	.	PUNCT	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
It featured a 3.5 litre Cosworth DFR V8 engine, capable of producing around 580 hp (432.5 kW;	;	PUNCT	588.0	NUM	 588.0
" When a Time interviewer apologised, " I hope you haven't been bored having to go through all	all	DET	these	DET	 these
In desperate fighting, about 150 of Trepézet's men were killed, and another 150 were captured. Fifty	Fifty	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
From the beginning until the sale to Beacon Publications, Gernsback was listed as editor in chief; Lasser was	was	AUX	variously	ADV	 variously
After recording Edward's succession, the Anglo Saxon Chronicle reports that a comet appeared, and that famine and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Crittenden, for example, noted that one abused infant in her doctoral sample was classed as secure (B	B	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Plant inventories taken between 2003 and 2005 identified 166 plant species in the botanical area and 314 species of flowering	flowering	VERB	plants	NOUN	 plants
When he was in college, Grissom financed his first body farm with his winnings from a high stakes poker	poker	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
According to the Wall Street Journal, the Dougie has been particularly popular as a celebratory dance among professional athletes	athletes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There was no fan blown cold air (cold air was by ram effect) nor an option for cool	cool	ADJ	air	NOUN	 air
After the war, in August 1945, Brauchitsch was arrested at his estate and imprisoned at Camp 198 in	in	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
Barbara Cates ' nine years with the Arrow Line were uneventful. By October 1938, the ship had been	been	AUX	renamed	VERB	 renamed
For those considering the job, the e mail suggested that " knowledge of... The Elder Scrolls [is	is	AUX	]	PUNCT	]
At Bruton Dam, the nearest measuring station to the source of the river, the normal level of the	the	DET	river	NOUN	 river
Colonial rule in the Congo began in the late 19th century. King Leopold II of Belgium, frustrated by	by	ADP	Belgium	PROPN	 Belgium
The album's cover shows a nude black woman sitting on a blanket with a white baby held in her	her	PRON	arms	NOUN	 arms
With seven seconds left, the Bears used another timeout, and allowed Gould to attempt the 49 yard field	field	NOUN	goal	NOUN	 goal
Lane was doomed, but by his own actions and foibles as much as by any plot engineering to get	get	VERB	that	DET	 that
The next year, an additional freeway from the northern end of I 94 at Marysville to Port Huron was	was	AUX	completed	VERB	 completed
GameSpot reviewer Joe Fielder awarded the game a rating of 9.9 out of 10, making it the highest reviewed	reviewed	VERB	first	ADJ	 first
Around 590 families were affected overall. Total monetary damage in Florida is placed at nearly $5 million.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADJ	 Further
This step may have established this American spirit in American culture, just as the country was going to war	war	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The ICJ noted that under certain circumstances, sovereignty over territory may pass due to the failure of the state	state	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The original director of excavations Robin Birley identified five periods of occupation and expansion: c. AD 85 – 92	92	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This would explain the rumour of victory and near simultaneous attack, but is only one possible theory. The	The	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Actor Robert Patrick was hired as a replacement for Mulder, playing John Doggett. The season also marked the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Dolphin Stadium won the bid to host Super Bowl XLI on September 17, 2003 after a campaign against Phoenix	Phoenix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the end of the season Hooper won Scunthorpe's Player of the Year award. He said he was	was	AUX	delighted	ADJ	 delighted
Currently, winners are selected through a survey of 50,000 Texas households with Hispanic surnames, though anyone with Internet	Internet	NOUN	access	NOUN	 access
The Marines were to be released from 2nd Division control as soon as this mission was accomplished. Between 03	03	NUM	:	SYM	:
The Chinese blast furnace remained in use well until the 20th century. The backyard furnaces favoured by Mao Zedong	Zedong	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
Burnley firstly drew 1 – 1 away against a Bolton Wanderers team who were unbeaten at home, before a	a	DET	then	ADV	 then
However, Salsette, Bassein, Mazagaon, Parel, Worli, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala still remained	remained	VERB	under	ADP	 under
They were also nominated for Top New Vocal Duet or Group by the same association in 1992. A cut	cut	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Starring opposite Peter Gallagher and George C. Scott, she portrayed the lead role of Isabella Paradine, a young	young	ADJ	mother	NOUN	 mother
During the 2011 playoffs, he added 6 points (2 goals and 4 assists) over 11 games as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Petrie also felt that the use of so many " viewpoint characters " results in these characters being underdeveloped,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Mehlman originally had the idea of Elaine moving away from Jerry, but David and Seinfeld felt it would be	be	AUX	funnier	ADJ	 funnier
The latter version replaces cut scenes with shots of Bisbal signing in a forest and beach; his scenes were	were	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
The interview was broadcast to approximately 64 million viewers. The video is one of Jackson's most critically acclaimed	acclaimed	VERB	pieces	NOUN	 pieces
He was also an early innovator of the slapshot and of the drop pass. According to Cook: "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The event also gave Diệm an opportunity to boost his prestige by defeating Bảo Đại in a head to head	head	VERB	contest	NOUN	 contest
They roost communally, usually nocturnally. During the breeding season, they nest in large flocks to make sure	sure	ADJ	to	PART	 to
I think what ’ s going to start happening in Season 1 is seeds are going to be planted as	as	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The " seven heroes " are corrupt themselves, each with a trait representing one of the seven deadly sins	sins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the basis of radiographs, D. T. Holyoak claimed that the mandible of the broad billed parrot was weakly	weakly	ADV	constructed	VERB	 constructed
Less than a mile later, Route 246 meets the northern terminus of Route AC, a supplemental route.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Mark Wolf restricts the definition to games featuring multiple antagonists (" ' em " being short for " them	them	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
In the 1980s, the last store in Barbours closed, and the former hotel (which had become a	a	DET	hunting	VERB	 hunting
Over the course of a year and a half, a small team of commercial divers cleared debris and mud	mud	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Martin Brodeur modelled his own play on that of Hextall, saying " I love the fact that he was	was	AUX	playing	VERB	 playing
Zhou can also be linked to these combat arts through his historical and folklore students. Practitioners of Eagle Claw	Claw	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
POWs collided with each other in the confusion but were eventually led out by the Rangers. A lone Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	soldier	NOUN	 soldier
Canberra has a daily newspaper, The Canberra Times, which was established in 1926. There are also several	several	ADJ	free	ADJ	 free
Robert Pollard of indie rock band Guided by Voices acknowledged the album as a source of inspiration, noting,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The location relative to the fort was chosen with care — in case of danger, it would be a	a	DET	sure	ADJ	 sure
On another occasion Fleming said: " I wanted the simplest, dullest, plainest sounding name I could find	find	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
During that time, the Spartans had a roster of impressive players, including Lynn Chandnois, Dorne Dibble,	,	PUNCT	Meredith	PROPN	 Meredith
The painting is usually interpreted as criticism of the Russian interference in Polish political affairs, and the collaboration of	of	ADP	treasonous	ADJ	 treasonous
Their analyses indicated that the nectar had unusually high levels of sugar and free amino acids, but three of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
In 2002, Dave Matthews Band released Busted Stuff in response to the Internet fuelled success of The Lillywhite Sessions	Sessions	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
Ginkgophyta was once a widespread diverse group of which the only survivor is the maidenhair tree Ginkgo biloba. This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The film included interviews with people who had known Ochs, including Yippies Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, manager	manager	NOUN	Harold	PROPN	 Harold
This generous endowment from the crown, the first since 1555, was applied towards the reparation and support of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 1995, African American, American Indian, and Latino student enrollments accounted for 30% of the UCR	UCR	PROPN	student	NOUN	 student
The CEO of Audible.com, which provided the recording sold at iTunes, explained its success by saying, "	"	PUNCT	you	PRON	 you
This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of	of	ADP	paramilitary	ADJ	 paramilitary
Cambridge passed the finishing post five lengths ahead in a time of 17 minutes 50 seconds. The victory,	,	PUNCT	Cambridge	PROPN	 Cambridge
There, almost within eye shot of the French sentinels, they halted; there is some confusion about why	why	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
By 1721, the Baptist community in Taunton had grown large, and reasonably affluent. They built a new	new	ADJ	chapel	NOUN	 chapel
The case was settled out of court in 2010 with undisclosed terms. On July 16, 2014, MacFarlane	MacFarlane	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Temporary repairs allowed Hotspur to sail for Chatham Dockyard where she was repaired from 2 May to 16 July.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
He was also accused of masturbating while peering inside a woman's window. In one incident, Chandler and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
Alexander Campbell influenced the British Restoration Movement indirectly through his writings; he visited Britain for several months in 1847	1847	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The heats began on August 14, at 19: 57 local time (CST or UTC + 8).	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The album's working title was originally announced as Magic's in the Makeup in May 1998 and later as	as	ADP	Saturn	PROPN	 Saturn
Points of interest include the altar chairs, kerosene lamps, architectural structure, wainscoting walls and ceiling, porthole	porthole	ADJ	windows	NOUN	 windows
For the film's fifth weekend it made $1.2 million, a 54% decrease from the previous weekend	weekend	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In general, people with Birt – Hogg – Dubé syndrome are at roughly seven times the risk of kidney	kidney	NOUN	cancer	NOUN	 cancer
In addition to that, Abby also helped Val get her kidnapped babies back, even though she was blamed	blamed	VERB	she	PRON	 she
Deciding that his RAAF career was not progressing, Pentland applied for a short service commission as a flying officer	officer	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Thorium was once commonly used as the light source in gas mantles and as an alloying material, but these	these	DET	applications	NOUN	 applications
" Learning, Teaching, and Television Production for Children: The Experience of Sesame Street ", Harvard Educational	Educational	PROPN	Review	PROPN	 Review
Hopkins ' interest in surveying spilled over into an interest in astronomy and other scientific endeavors as well, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
According to Hickman, Lord Soth is the most unpredictable character to write about, saying " Every time that	that	DET	character	NOUN	 character
" Covington had already recorded the phrase " Don't Cry for Me Argentina " for using it in the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
Zarifopol deplores Cerna's submission to traditionalist and Classicist goals, arguing that it eventually ruined Cerna as a poet	poet	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Whalers who stayed at Point Barrow saw the substance the Iñupiat called pitch and recognized it as petroleum. Charles	Charles	PROPN	Brower	PROPN	 Brower
The starting point for the script was the ensemble cast of friends and previous collaborators Jarmusch had conceived characters for	for	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
By 1810, due mainly to the economic pressures of enforcing the Continental System, both emperors were considering war	war	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Because of the play's heavy themes, producers of the first performances issued an advisory for parents. Waldschmidt	Waldschmidt	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
As the fire spread, it detonated explosives carried for the infantry, hindering firefighting efforts. The explosion set	set	VERB	fire	NOUN	 fire
While in this mode, every unit stops its motion while a timer runs down; the player can freely	freely	ADV	issue	VERB	 issue
It was then that the route of the RRR was decided among the convention delegates. Further influencing the River	River	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
The people of Navenby enjoy a high employment rate, although most work outside the village. Almost 600 commute	commute	NOUN	each	DET	 each
In May 1927, Parsons, now a lieutenant (junior grade), returned to Annapolis, where he	he	PRON	commenced	VERB	 commenced
Moonraker was the third of three Bond films for which the theme song was performed by Shirley Bassey (following	following	VERB	Goldfinger	PROPN	 Goldfinger
The new line opened in 1877, but passenger trains from the national network terminated at Clifton Down as the	the	DET	link	NOUN	 link
Jean explained, though, that the writers came up with the storyline for " The Devil Wears Nada "	"	PUNCT	over	ADP	 over
Meluha is based in the areas of the modern Indian provinces of Kashmir, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi	Delhi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A film adaptation of the book, which won several industry awards, was produced in 1996 by HBO.	.	PUNCT	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
Prescott found mathematics particularly difficult, and resorted to memorizing mathematical demonstrations word for word, which he could do	do	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Other Apaches hovered above, providing suppressive fire throughout. None of the rescuers were injured in the recovery mission	mission	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 30 July 1945, after transporting components for the nuclear weapons Little Boy and Fat Man from the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
As of 13 September 2011, there were 17 people on orders of detention, one whose detention had been	been	AUX	suspended	VERB	 suspended
In the 19th century, public concerts provided access to classical music to all classes of society. Yet,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
It had an initial print run of 7,500 copies which sold out, and a reprint of 2,000 copies was	was	AUX	soon	ADV	 soon
Whitman opposed the extension of slavery in the United States and supported the Wilmot Proviso. At first he was	was	AUX	opposed	VERB	 opposed
The site's consensus states: " Orson Welles's epic tale of a publishing tycoon's rise and fall	fall	VERB	is	AUX	 is
She expressed that the following years she spent with the group were her favourite, and that she was proud	proud	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
He was elected to a full six year term in 1964 and was reelected seven more times. The Chappaquiddick	Chappaquiddick	PROPN	incident	NOUN	 incident
She made seven appearances for the French club. Solo said of her experience in Europe, " I played	played	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Manoora was soon joined by HMA Ships Hawkesbury, Labuan, Wewak and Whyalla. Following the initial deployment,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
Some experimental evidence has been provided to support these theories. The WHO and the Joint United Nations Programme on	on	ADP	HIV	PROPN	 HIV
Founded in 1883, the club were elected to the Scottish Football League in 1902. They reached their highest	highest	ADJ	league	NOUN	 league
Early indications showed that the single had a midweek position of 10, however at the end of its first	first	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
He lost his first four starts of the season, extending his losing streak to nine consecutive starts dating back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The chalkboard writing's transformation into a snake was included to surprise the audience and " end the song on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
He was signed to add " depth to the squad ", as well as to " provide cover at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
He led the team in walks and stole 20 bases, but batted only.238. However, he still earned	earned	VERB	a	DET	 a
In July, the members of Folkestone Town Council visited the Ministry of Civil Aviation in London to discuss the	the	DET	purchase	NOUN	 purchase
Frazier played with the Houston Elite Amateur Athletic Union team, which had produced players such as Anthony Thompson,	,	PUNCT	Eddren	PROPN	 Eddren
The portion of MD 318 west of Federalsburg was originally numbered Maryland Route 319 and assumed by MD 318 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tracy's first post MGM appearance was in The Mountain (1956) with Robert Wagner, who played his	his	PRON	much	ADV	 much
According to Ulmer, " Upon first listen it's a bit corny, but it's appropriately anthemic,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The exact mass, rotation rate, and mass loss are critical to Betelgeuse's fate; stellar evolution models	models	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
The Navigation Company had only succeeded in raising £625,000, which was less than the purchase price of the	the	DET	canals	NOUN	 canals
It was the Stones ' first public concert in over two years, and was planned as an introduction of	of	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
Abraham Riesman noted the episode's presentation of sexuality, which " was shockingly and refreshingly honest ", compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
These lemurs are usually seen on branches less than 5 cm (2.0 in) in diameter. The gray	gray	ADJ	mouse	NOUN	 mouse
He anchored the national title winning 4 × 100 meter medley relay team for SwimMAC, and led off the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
The city has since adopted the council manager form of government. Galveston's city council serves as the city	city	NOUN	's	PART	's
The story is set in the near future, when a spaceborne virus threatens Earth by turning humans into violent	violent	ADJ	creatures	NOUN	 creatures
The game also used the mechanism of notes and books as expository devices. Many of these elements were used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
These were augmented in January 1943 by the unit's first CAC Wirraway, which students flew before commencing their	their	PRON	Vengeance	PROPN	 Vengeance
" Geraud Blanks of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel characterizes the album's music as " an amalgamation of Prince's	's	PART	psychedelic	ADJ	 psychedelic
On 5 June, while Dill was inspecting the troops evacuated from Dunkirk, Clarke suggested the idea to him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Clevedon is situated on and round seven hills called Church Hill, Wain's Hill (which is topped by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Riou then exclaimed, ' Come, then, by boys, let us all die together! ' The	The	DET	words	NOUN	 words
In 2015 eight promotional videos were released. [1] In 2015, during the 15th anniversary of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The album was self produced by the band and was recorded at the studio that Meshuggah shares with Clawfinger.	.	PUNCT	Hagström	PROPN	 Hagström
Two tankōbon volumes were released under ASCII Media Works ' Dengeki Comics imprint, the first on August 27,	,	PUNCT	2007	NUM	 2007
Cartoonists began creating comics for mature audiences, and the term " Ninth Art " was coined, as comics	comics	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
It's a story about you and me ". Soon after Bannister pronounced Hendrix dead, a hospital spokesperson	spokesperson	NOUN	told	VERB	 told
Ed Harris (voice) as Mission Control in Houston, Texas. Orto Ignatiussen (voice) as Aningaaq	Aningaaq	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Arbroath has a typical British marine climate, that is heavily influenced by its position by the sea. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Unlike Pampa who glorifies Arjuna and Karna in his writing, Ranna eulogises his patron King Satyashraya and favourably compares	compares	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He had first complained of feeling unwell before the October 2010 international break but the illness was only diagnosed on	on	ADP	8	NUM	 8
As early as 2008, the five term Republican Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter made clear his plans to seek re	re	ADP	election	NOUN	 election
On the third day of the campaign, many Iraqi pilots fled across the Iranian border in their aircraft rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
By the end of development, Narihiro had some regrets about the quality of the game, saying in an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
As a result of the battle, the leaderless Duchy of Athens was taken over by the Catalans, who	who	PRON	ruled	VERB	 ruled
Born in Brisbane, he was a businessman when he joined the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Reserve	Reserve	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The second session of the Convention took place in Sydney in September 1897. Walker was appointed to a subcommittee	subcommittee	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Harvey then swept the next ball for a boundary. Colin McCool was out at 6 / 31 before Harvey	Harvey	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The shooting was storied because photographer Annie Leibovitz could not decide where to shoot and reserved two mobile homes,	,	PUNCT	four	NUM	 four
Both open marine (crinoids) and restricted marine (pelecypods, gastropods) environments are represented in the Co	Co	PROPN	op	NOUN	 op
Frank realises that he still loves Roo and leaves Summer Bay. He soon reunites with Roo and they later	later	ADV	marry	VERB	 marry
On 4 April 1718 England, France and the Dutch Republic (and later Austria) selected Don Carlos of	of	ADP	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
The set took 10 days to build, making it one of the most complicated jobs for the show's	's	PART	staff	NOUN	 staff
As the helicopter took off, in the confusion one officer shouted " Close the gates, close the fucking	fucking	ADJ	gates	NOUN	 gates
These 149 AMX 30EM1s would eventually be replaced by US surplus M60A3 Patton tanks, purchased from the United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They end up in Warsaw, Poland and find Mort in a synagogue. He believes he is in Heaven	Heaven	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
The new engine was coupled with the AMX 30B2's improved torsion bar suspension, which used larger diameter torsion	torsion	NOUN	bars	NOUN	 bars
After the season was retroactively divided into Part I and Part II, respectively separating installments featuring Conrad and Cavallari	Cavallari	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The game was later going to be released on May 26, 2003, but was further delayed by one	one	NUM	month	NOUN	 month
Since Sarkar knew the city of Kolkata very well, the film was primarily shot there. While most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following this, farms were bought by the company and farmed by the previous owners as tenancies. Farms and	and	CCONJ	buildings	NOUN	 buildings
When the bird is defeated, a mysterious man garbed in black appears and attempts to take the Holy Sword	Sword	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The eggs hatch after 53 to 60 days of incubation by both parents. Chicks are born with their eyes	eyes	NOUN	open	ADJ	 open
Periyar stated that while Christian and Islamic religions were fulfilling this role, the Hindu religion remained totally unsuitable for	for	ADP	social	ADJ	 social
Griffin was one of several executive producers of the 2009 documentary Outrage, which investigated allegations of homosexuality among a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
A whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the course of the dance. Also	Also	ADV	during	ADP	 during
Sterling McGarvey of GameSpy called Rare's decision to " move the emphasis away from platforming " and toward creation	creation	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The music video for " Say Yes " was filmed on May 20, 2014 and directed by Matthew A.	A.	PROPN	Cherry	PROPN	 Cherry
Gallus expressed his own misgivings concerning the trustworthiness of the royal story he passed on (he qualified it with	with	ADP	words	NOUN	 words
We are to destroy them. We do not know who they are. They may be soldiers. '	'	PUNCT	Ice	NOUN	 Ice
Within these subfamilies, genera include: Gryllotalpa Gryllotalpella Leptocurtilla Neocurtilla † Pterotriamescaptor Indioscaptor Scapteriscus Neoscapteriscus Triamescaptor † Archaeogryllotalpoides †	†	PUNCT	Cratotetraspinus	PROPN	 Cratotetraspinus
A new Church of St. Anne was built in the 12th century CE; the church and the pool fell	fell	VERB	into	ADP	 into
In the United States, common starlings are exempt from the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, which prohibits the taking	taking	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Panama proceeded to proclaim its independence on 3 November 1903, and USS Nashville impeded any interference from Colombia.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Consumer Reports ' analysis show that many Chevrolets lose about half of their purchase price after three years of ownership	ownership	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The animatronic of the Dalek mutant had to be recreated for the episode, because the previous prop that was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Several members of the regular cast were nominated for awards. In 2001, Rosenbaum, Kreuk, and Welling	Welling	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The first conflict arose when the Khalqists wanted to give PDPA Central Committee membership to military officers who had participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Master Chief disobeys orders to stand down and relinquish the malfunctioning Cortana, and stays behind to oppose the	the	DET	Didact	PROPN	 Didact
One of the team's new ideas was " Piñata Vision ", a feature that detects printed cards via	via	ADP	the	DET	 the
The recording session for " Beck's Bolero " was conceived of as a side project for Jeff Beck while	while	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
It was followed by a friendly match between a reinforced Lyn and Örgryte IS of Sweden, where Lyn won	won	VERB	5	NUM	 5
Fellow biographer Benoît Peeters thought that it exhibited " a political maturity " and " originality ". Further,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Since 1991, collegiate teams with the backing of industry and government have fielded autonomous flying robots in an attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The central Indian populations are genetically closer to the southern than to the northern populations. In the 1820s,	,	PUNCT	German	ADJ	 German
By this time Guy had already succeeded as Earl of Warwick, after his father's death in 1298.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Ricky Muñoz commented that he was " happy to do things for Ricardo [Arjona] " and elaborated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, due to an overlooked rule, the Capitals were unable to sign Walker; as he had started	started	VERB	the	DET	 the
A minimal Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson Hurricane Scale, Karl developed at the center of another	another	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
If you understand the facts, you'd want to be boycotting Ben and Jerry's ". The Australian	Australian	ADJ	public	NOUN	 public
Simpson moved up to St. Raphaël Géminiani Dunlop's first team, Rapha Gitane Dunlop, for the end of	of	ADP	season	NOUN	 season
Time's Richard Lacayo concurred; he considered the hundreds of pages about Cal's grandparents and several historical events	events	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Basic Books. ISBN 9780465128334. — (1974). Linguistic Communication: Perspectives for Research. International Reading	Reading	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
The cult classic mockumentary This Is Spinal Tap (1984) includes a memorable scene where the parody band gets	gets	VERB	lost	VERB	 lost
In the 21st century the castle is managed by English Heritage, and the remains of the keep are open	open	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
According to critic Anne Cheney, the protagonist may be " searching for happiness, academic or artistic achievement,	,	PUNCT	love	NOUN	 love
On the district nomination the house is spelled alternatively as the " Gardner House ". Luyster writes, "	"	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
In addition to SU students, ESF students are permitted to join the university's fraternity and sorority system.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The competition between Cro Magnon and Neanderthals is examined with respect to the conditions that allowed one to out compete	compete	VERB	the	DET	 the
Joanna manages to defend the Institute and her work earned her enough recognition to take part in her next mission	mission	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first defense happened at All Star Weekend - Night One on April 1 against Alex Shelley, while the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Chiseling into 15 short tons (14 t) of Yosemite granite, he wore goggles and a mask.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The early version of the poem was finished, according to Mason, in August 1742, but there is	is	VERB	little	ADJ	 little
Though the pace of the car seemed to be picking up, with Coulthard qualifying in the top 10 for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Vig, the inspiration for the song was a newspaper article about a woman who had gone back	back	ADV	to	PART	 to
The highway extends for 95 miles (153 km) from the Pennsylvania state line at Troupsburg, Steuben County	County	PROPN	northward	NOUN	 northward
Poetry paid Kilmer six dollars to print the poem, which was immediately successful. The following year, Kilmer	Kilmer	PROPN	included	VERB	 included
A four minute cut of the WonderCon footage was later released online. In March 2010, Comics Continuum reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" The hip hop duo Danger Doom have produced a song inspired by 12 oz. Mouse entitled " Korn	Korn	PROPN	Dogz	PROPN	 Dogz
Subjects also rated earlier their " respect for the political opinions of each of these individuals ". This was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
These materials, with a conjectural reconstruction of the partially lost vocal lines and second violin part, were later	later	ADV	published	VERB	 published
When Gygax was forced out of TSR, Arneson was removed from the company before a planned fifth module could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
However, the German policy of neutrality was not popular in the homeland, and relations with Italy had suffered	suffered	VERB	badly	ADV	 badly
The player controls a weapon equipped speedboat through 25 levels. Objectives include winning races, saving swimmers, and	and	CCONJ	defusing	VERB	 defusing
De Soto proceeded south along the Florida coast on 22 October, stopping at Tampa Bay and Key West before	before	ADP	arriving	VERB	 arriving
In 1887 the service between Aberdeen and Dyce had improved with more local trains and new stations; by the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
After the posthumous production of The Tales of Hoffmann, The Times partially reconsidered its judgment, writing, "	"	PUNCT	Les	PROPN	 Les
In endurance riding. Uusi Helinä, ridden by Ritva Lampinen, successfully finished the endurance riding world championship competition	competition	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Through the influence of a mutual friend, Frank Lloyd Wright agreed to employ Raymond from May 1916. Initially	Initially	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The son of Stephen VIII Báthory and a member of the Hungarian Báthory noble family, Báthory was a ruler	ruler	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I was pleasantly surprised. " Emil Pagliarulo of The Adrenaline Vault wrote: " I will tell you,	,	PUNCT	without	ADP	 without
Maxwell says his goodbyes to Kath and Les, then, alone, receives a call from his driver,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
" These antics earned him the nickname " Moon the Loon. " Moon's style of drumming was considered	considered	VERB	unique	ADJ	 unique
Also being teetotal, he added to the estate's holding by buying the local Failand Inn, which enabled	enabled	VERB	him	PRON	 him
It would keep this status for subsequent rushes in the region due to its trade center status and accessibility to	to	PART	railroad	VERB	 railroad
There is little direct evidence of the relationship between Æthelbald and the kings who were dependent on him. Generally	Generally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The standing of the Plantagenet Alliance was challenged. Mathematician Rob Eastaway calculated that Richard III may have millions of	of	ADP	living	VERB	 living
There is general agreement that Russian French writer and political activist Matvei Golovinski fabricated the text for Okhrana, the	the	DET	secret	ADJ	 secret
The change in position of the guns and the extension of the air intakes, which looked " uncannily like	like	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Mayer – Vietoris sequence holds for a variety of cohomology and homology theories, including singular homology and singular	singular	ADJ	cohomology	NOUN	 cohomology
The tramway from Leeds ran parallel to the colliery line to Hunslet Moor staithes and then headed south through Middleton	Middleton	PROPN	Woods	PROPN	 Woods
She was attacked in July 1945 as part of the American campaign to destroy the IJN's last remaining capital	capital	NOUN	ships	NOUN	 ships
During the fighting, 12 Croatian policemen and 20 civilians were killed. On 28 July, fighting resumed around	around	ADP	Topusko	PROPN	 Topusko
Hill was not the only one to attack the work; Thornton wrote satires of Amelia in the Drury Lane	Lane	PROPN	Journal	PROPN	 Journal
It is rare and endangered in its natural habitat, with all major populations currently threatened by Phytophthora cinnamomi dieback	dieback	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The team was run by Prodrive, a new motorsport group set up by David Richards, Toivonen's former	former	ADJ	boss	NOUN	 boss
Broccoli and Saltzman turned instead to Guy Hamilton to direct; Hamilton, who had turned down directing Dr. No	No	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Negotiating sub zero temperatures, Favre amassed 236 passing yards and two touchdowns, but also threw an interception in	in	ADP	overtime	NOUN	 overtime
This was their first purpose built ground, with a grandstand that seated 600 people and an overall capacity of	of	ADP	between	ADP	 between
" Rolling Stone's Peter Travers awarded the film three and a half stars out of four and particularly praised	praised	VERB	Johansson	PROPN	 Johansson
Charles, like Frank, also died in World War I. After his education in Ottawa, McGee worked for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The large central panel expresses the current situation, with the local Flemish Dutch elites being completely corrupted. The	The	DET	last	ADJ	 last
After the Anglo Dutch fleet defeated a French fleet at La Hogue in 1692, the allies for a short	short	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
Radio show host Tommy Dolan, who arrived to help with the arson investigation, develops feelings for Iris,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
At the time, the attendance was the best ever for a regular season WNBL game, with only two	two	NUM	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
Since the ball could only be moved up the court via a pass early players tossed the ball over their	their	PRON	heads	NOUN	 heads
The Mérens, like many mountain horses, is calm, docile and hardworking. The report of a comprehensive	comprehensive	ADJ	study	NOUN	 study
The new crossing is 100 feet (30 m) above river level compared to the 10 feet (3.0	3.0	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The Congress is considered centre left in Indian political culture, and the BJP right wing. For most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
SASR reconnaissance patrols can be inserted by air (either by helicopter, standard parachute or HALO), land	land	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Unlike most British Army infantry regiments, which were associated with a county, the King's represented the city	city	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The group later encounters a sick Triceratops. The tour is cut short as a tropical storm approaches Isla Nublar	Nublar	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Thus the mandarins are able to maintain a cultural and spiritual superiority resembling that of the Lunar upper class,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
These sentiments, according to the Irish philosopher poet Thomas Duddy, " rendered much of the Shavian outlook passé	passé	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ofcom was considering whether a formal investigation was warranted under the broadcast code section on harm and offence. After	After	ADP	one	NUM	 one
In Hartford, the original alignment of US 5 entered the city on Maple Avenue and made its way to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Deliberative assemblies shall be widely established and all matters decided by open discussion. All classes, high and low	low	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Faculty of Medicine granted its first degree, a Doctor of Medicine and Surgery, in 1833; this	this	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He stated that the purpose of his other acting jobs was to pay for his independent projects, over which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
More limited than the United States doctrine of fair use, fair dealing originates in Sections 29 and 30 of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In United States v. Helstoski (1979), the Court held that the prosecution may not introduce any evidence	evidence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The legal profession closed ranks and defended Goddard's reputation against Levin's attacks. Among those denouncing Levin were	were	AUX	Lords	PROPN	 Lords
It felt the letter of inquiry showed the Singapore authorities were not clear about events that had occurred over a	a	DET	century	NOUN	 century
On October 21, the sixth and final system of the season was first observed over the Bahamas. The	The	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
At the time, BT and Cadbury, who had sponsorship deals with S Club 7, said they were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
" This leads to fear and suspicion between them because they are afraid of things they do not understand.	.	PUNCT	Holmes	PROPN	 Holmes
In 1791, a group of Romanian intellectuals drew up a petition, known as Supplex Libellus Valachorum, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The two crews have to work together to allow the modern Enterprise to gain access to a wormhole which is	is	AUX	defended	VERB	 defended
He still holds the NBA record for rebounds in one half with 32 (vs. Philadelphia, on November 16	16	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Aside from Owen Hart, the tournament did not figure prominently into the future storylines of any of the other	other	ADJ	participants	NOUN	 participants
Auburn retired Barkley's No. 34 jersey on March 3, 2001. In 2010, just two years	years	NOUN	removed	VERB	 removed
He accepted, and although defeated, fought a strong campaign which won him a congratulatory letter from William Gladstone	Gladstone	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A fan disc of Tayutama, titled Tayutama: It's Happy Days, was released on May 29,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
With the help of an oceanographer friend Jan Rodricks stows away on an Overlord supply ship and travels 40 light	light	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
According to the modern evolutionary synthesis, adaptations are produced incrementally through natural selection, so major genetic changes will	will	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
" By the thirteenth century, " the Tantras had assimilated a very large number of cults of various origins	origins	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
We ’ d hoped for more. " " Scream & Shout " was used as a backing track to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Criticisms over the decision to use the bombs have increased over time, however. Arguments made against the attacks	attacks	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
The ship carried 280 long tons (280 t) of coal which gave her a range of 1,400 nautical	nautical	ADJ	miles	NOUN	 miles
In 1637, they established seven missionary centers at Romblon, Badajoz (San Agustin), Cajidiocan, Banton	Banton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Bypass US Highway 16 (Byp. US 16) was a bypass route of US 16 in the Grand	Grand	PROPN	Rapids	PROPN	 Rapids
The last was The Bill Uncovered: On The Front Line (2006), in which Superintendent Adam Okaro	Okaro	PROPN	recounts	VERB	 recounts
On 11 January 1771, he was tried by Lord Mansfield, the gentleman who originally introduced Smart to Alexander	Alexander	PROPN	Pope	PROPN	 Pope
PSM3 called the new look " controversially sexy ". As in the first game, Chell's facial appearance	appearance	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
She and the player encounter warring Foretellers from different unions and new kinds of Heartless that are revealed to be	be	AUX	corrupted	VERB	 corrupted
His first book, Adrenaline, was published under the pseudonym James Dillinger. A story of two gay fugitive	fugitive	ADJ	lovers	NOUN	 lovers
" In contrast to crewmembers of the battleship Silvana who wear modern and utilitarian uniforms, other characters wear traditionally	traditionally	ADV	aristocratic	ADJ	 aristocratic
The population mistakes Batman for a warrior of legend who would break the barriers that confine the population. Believing	Believing	VERB	this	PRON	 this
" Frusciante's musical style has evolved over the course of his career. Although he received moderate recognition for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
When it rises and takes a breath, its heart rate speeds up in seconds, and the muscles receive	receive	VERB	newly	ADV	 newly
Nevertheless, he understood that any dissolution would not be peaceful, stating in 1856 that " dreadful will be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
" The video was due to premiere on February 15, 2013 at BET's 106 & Park. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In only its first half hour of trading Pixar stock shot from $22 to $45, delaying trading	trading	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
Unbeknownst to BMO, Finn and Jake are watching the activity from outside a window. The focus then shifts	shifts	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 2011 once again an Indian Army official said that the Arrow 2 might become part of India's missile	missile	NOUN	defense	NOUN	 defense
It was still garrisoned in the mid 1620s and was probably still in active service at the start of the	the	DET	English	PROPN	 English
His bid for re election in February 1878 was close but unsuccessful. In July 1878 Brown was appointed the	the	DET	clerk	NOUN	 clerk
This book was also considered by Aloysius Pieris to be de Silva's most outstanding contribution to Theology, and	and	CCONJ	by	SCONJ	 by
The discovery of plutonium had to wait until the end of 1940, when Glenn T. Seaborg and his team	team	NOUN	identified	VERB	 identified
On 23 March, HMS Laforey, a destroyer with the Dover Patrol, struck one of UB 12's	's	PART	mines	NOUN	 mines
The use of Content ID to remove material automatically has led to controversy in some cases, as the videos	videos	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The animal is possibly extinct in Ivory Coast and Uganda. Reckless hunting and loss of habitat as a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The total damage caused within Pensacola and the surrounding areas totaled to greater than $3,850,000. The hurricane was	was	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
Two incomplete passes and a one yard run later, Tech prepared to punt the ball away. During the	the	DET	kick	NOUN	 kick
The camera angle and melee system were also altered to fit with the team's intention of the game.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
The species name dolichobrachion is Greek, coming from dolicho- (" long ") and brachion (" arm	arm	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Headley continued his success in the second game, opening the batting and top scoring with 84 in the first	first	ADJ	innings	NOUN	 innings
Iraqi resistance was sporadic and most Iraqi soldiers surrendered on sight; as a result, the city was recaptured	recaptured	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" García Márquez compiled this story through interviews with a young sailor who survived the shipwreck. The publication of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Second Quarto (Q2): In 1604 Nicholas Ling published, and James Roberts printed, the second quarto.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Walter de Hereford (died 1159 / 60), whether he married is unknown; however, Walter departed	departed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Despite this cost differential in production, the U.S. did not import more Brazilian ethanol because of U.S. trade barriers	barriers	NOUN	corresponding	VERB	 corresponding
That year, they released their first song, " I Met Him on a Sunday "; after local	local	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
The two feuded over their similar hip hop gimmicks, until May 22. On October 30, Spanky began	began	VERB	teaming	VERB	 teaming
With the First, Second, and Third Ascendants claimed in the battle, Alarak is named First Ascendant;	;	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
It became the fourth biggest launch of 2011 after FIFA 12, Gears of War 3 and L.A. Noire,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The 7 " picture disc includes the Gravitas Club Mix of " Wake Me Up " and another new b	b	NOUN	side	NOUN	 side
Grigorieva had signed with Gibson's music label prior to the album's release. The music project was made	made	VERB	by	ADP	 by
With the additional funds bequeathed from Queen's first major benefactor, Robert Sutherland, the college staved off financial	financial	ADJ	failure	NOUN	 failure
Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club was polarized with the episode. Although she stated that the episode was not	not	PART	bad	ADJ	 bad
The genitalia arise from the tenth or most distal segment of the abdomen. Lepidoptera have some of the most	most	ADV	complex	ADJ	 complex
The hunter gatherers of the Archaic period, which lasted locally from 7000 to 1000 BC, used a greater	greater	ADJ	variety	NOUN	 variety
" The first complete Tosca recording was made in 1918, using the pre microphone acoustic process. The conductor	conductor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The existing route, via Midway Atoll, Wake Island and Guam was considered to vulnerable to disruption by Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
The tone and content of his poems ranged from pop song clichés to complex philosophical meditations, from the corns	corns	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The ship's secondary armament of twenty 50 caliber 14 centimeter guns was mounted in casemates on the upper sides	sides	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Worse still, temperatures rose to 1° C (34° F), melting the snow and making	making	VERB	pulling	VERB	 pulling
By 19: 00, Franchise had dumped her lifeboats and a large quantity of guns and supplies overboard,	,	PUNCT	lightening	VERB	 lightening
After a four day jury trial in Lexington, Kentucky, that ended on December 7, 2009, the	the	DET	estate	NOUN	 estate
After several diplomatic failures and military defeats in the 1730s, Austria seemed to be declining, or even on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the days following, many of those aircraft were able to take off using the taxiway. " To	To	PART	do	VERB	 do
Most of Caria now surrendered to the Persians, although some strongholds had to be captured through force. When	When	SCONJ	Histiaeus	PROPN	 Histiaeus
Ephraim Lytle, assistant professor of Hellenistic History at the University of Toronto, said 300 selectively idealizes Spartan society	society	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The statue, a reference to traditional images of the Mater Dolorosa and presented in a similar style to that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The song has since sold 20,000 digital copies in the UK. On the week commencing December 7, "	"	PUNCT	Wait	VERB	 Wait
Some members of the two opposing parties were initially only about 6 feet (1.8 m) apart. About	About	ADV	30	NUM	 30
Many methods of selection have been used, with the most common method used by RTÉ being a national final	final	NOUN	featuring	VERB	 featuring
Following these initial raids, Bomber Command continued to target railway infrastructure in France in an attempt to disrupt the	the	DET	movement	NOUN	 movement
Keegan was given more money for players, and he brought in Rob Lee, Paul Bracewell and Barry Venison	Venison	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
APP has strict policies and practices in place to ensure that only residues from legal plantation development on degraded or	or	CCONJ	logged	VERB	 logged
It has been claimed that the use of the swimwear in Dr. No led to " the biggest impact on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
1991 was the first time since his debut year in 1980 in which Alain Prost did not win a Formula	Formula	PROPN	One	PROPN	 One
Humberto peaked as a strong Category 2 hurricane and remained a hurricane until just before being absorbed by an extratropical	extratropical	ADJ	cyclone	NOUN	 cyclone
Corman used non union writers for several years, but he finally agreed to pay Varno when he wanted to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
After hearing what they had to say, the prince dismissed all except Coventry and Williams, and called for	for	ADP	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
The instrument was introduced to the band by Harrison who acquired one in November 1968 and subsequently used it to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
After Jelka's death in 1935 the Delius Trust was established, to supervise this task. As stipulated in	in	ADP	Jelka	PROPN	 Jelka
1989: Commentaries of Heaven: The Poems (edited by D. D. C. Chambers) (Salzburg: Institut	Institut	PROPN	für	ADJ	 für
The trail system would reach its peak usage in the mid 19th century. The Hudson's Bay Company continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
A conflict between the new papal legate, Peter of Capua, and the Latin Patriarch of Antioch, Peter	Peter	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
During their last visit to the hospital, Chris and Cru were reported to be healthy and well fed.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Some World War II era designs were drawn up proposing another move towards gigantic armament. The German H 43	43	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Poe had written about Chivers in the second part of his " Autography " series, published in Graham's	's	PART	Magazine	PROPN	 Magazine
On May 8, 1982, Villeneuve died after an accident during the final qualifying session for the Belgian Grand	Grand	PROPN	Prix	PROPN	 Prix
Eventually the strain of serving in tropical waters told on the ships and all three were forced to undergo an	an	DET	extensive	ADJ	 extensive
As a Philadelphia 76er, he could afford to rent a New York apartment and commute to Philadelphia. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
" The British Cabinet approved the proposal on 29 May 1919, though it chose to widen it by offering	offering	VERB	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
The Banski dvori building was struck by the Mark 82 bombs set off by proximity fuzes 5 metres (16	16	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
Placzek became head of the theoretical physics division. Kowarski was designated to be the head of the experimental physics	physics	NOUN	division	NOUN	 division
In the UK context, bad faith is seldom relied on as a ground of review as it is absent	absent	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
They whisper their prophecies in Macbeth's ear as they dance in a deserted nightclub. Justin Kurzel's hyperrealist	hyperrealist	NOUN	2015	NUM	 2015
In the following weeks, Negro and Team AAA won against Elix Skipper, the team of Jerry Lynn and	and	CCONJ	Sonjay	PROPN	 Sonjay
He became a regular official over the next few seasons and then broke into international umpiring in 1978 – 79	79	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The stories of the Greycoat were published in a book by Arvid August Afzelius in the middle of the 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The cap is convex to bell shaped, sometimes developing a broad umbo before expanding and flattening in age;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In 2011, Steorn's website was updated to suggest that the Orbo is based on magnetic fields which vary	vary	VERB	over	ADP	 over
That is, it is a system of vertices and edges connecting pairs of vertices, such that no two	two	NUM	cycles	NOUN	 cycles
The commercial for the fragrance found controversy in the United Kingdom with UK's Advertising Standards Authority. It was	was	AUX	banned	VERB	 banned
The group is composed of Joseph Bruce and Joseph Utsler, who perform under the respective personas of the "	"	PUNCT	wicked	ADJ	 wicked
Visentini, who had crashed in the previous stage, did not start and abandoned the race. Roche beat	beat	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Upon its transfer to state control in 1993, it had previously been a county maintained freeway, the Davison	Davison	PROPN	Freeway	PROPN	 Freeway
Top Deck was bred by the King Ranch, and was unraced. J. B. Ferguson had purchased Lightfoot Sis	Sis	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
Westridge House, an impressive Tudor style structure, underwent a A $500,000 refurbishment and is used as a	a	DET	residence	NOUN	 residence
Hergé continued The Adventures of Tintin with The Secret of the Unicorn, while the series itself became a defining	defining	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
When the deputy tried to enter the house, one of Clemmons ' cousins grabbed his wrist. After a	a	DET	struggle	NOUN	 struggle
Final consolidated ratings showed the episode was watched by 7.57 million viewers with an audience share of 31%.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On October 1, 2012 Cudi confirmed that production from electronic rock duo Ratatat, with whom he collaborated on	on	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Ravenscraig, Kirkcaldy, begun about 1460, is probably the first castle in the British Isles to be built	built	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Six years later, Screamin ' Toys issued a new model kit for Jason Goes to Hell. Both kits	kits	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Arriving in Puerto Rico, in January 1521, he received the terrible news that the Dominican convent at Chiribichi	Chiribichi	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Mary and Bothwell confronted the lords at Carberry Hill and after their forces melted away, he fled and she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Those at Dolcoath were made redundant within weeks of this increase. Dolcoath, the last mine in Cornwall to	to	PART	employ	VERB	 employ
Previous to this, in the hugely influential Watchmen (1986), one of the central characters, Ozymandias	Ozymandias	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The county and municipal divisions of the capital cities were governed by a Prefect (Ling 令). The	The	DET	Prefect	PROPN	 Prefect
In October 2012, the game sold 806,000 copies in the United States. According to Capcom, sales weakened	weakened	VERB	following	VERB	 following
Though he was left off of the Yankees ' postseason roster for the 2012 American League Championship Series, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The tarsometatarsus averaged 232 mm (9 in) in length. In males, the tibiotarsus averaged 261 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In the early 1990s, Rose became a staunch believer in homeopathic medicine, and began regularly undergoing past life	life	NOUN	regression	NOUN	 regression
As Sayid and John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) discuss the attack on Sayid, Locke suggests that Sawyer is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
The projected boom failed to materialise, however, and HAT quickly entered bankruptcy, Leavitt selling the XR 1A	1A	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The series concluded in late August with another short, " Deliver Hope ". As part of the promotions	promotions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the term was not accepted immediately and several other terms for antibody were proposed; these included Immunkörper	Immunkörper	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In September 2014 Gröning was charged by German prosecutors as an accessory to murder, in 300,000 cases, for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Blender considered By the Way to be an indistinguishable sequel to Californication, calling it " Californication 2 ".	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Mayor Quimby, who first appeared in " Bart Gets an F ", is a parody of various members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" As late as the mid 1980s she remained one of the biggest TV draws. As an indication of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This same problem also was cited by the Nevada Legislature as a reason to dissolve Bullfrog County, Nevada,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
This reduces the amount of plutonium needed to reach criticality from 16 kg to 10 kg, which is a	a	DET	sphere	NOUN	 sphere
Bond is hidden below the model of Fort Knox whilst Fröbe's natural voice can be heard above. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Schwere SS Panzer Abteilung 101 had arrived in Normandy on 12 June, after a five day drive from Beauvais	Beauvais	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Sixteen years later, the plaintiffs were awarded $926 million in economic damages, punitive damages, and interest	interest	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In particular, White has to choose if he wants to start active operations on the queenside immediately (e.g.	e.g.	ADV	Rc1	PROPN	 Rc1
Trujillo's character struggles with aging and the physical problems of incontinence and impotence. Through fictional events and first	first	ADJ	person	NOUN	 person
The Allies fed German spies a steady stream of false intelligence that Patton had been named commander of the First	First	PROPN	United	PROPN	 United
The club opened there on September 1, 1919 and existed there until at least 1927. Presidents included Henry	Henry	PROPN	C.	PROPN	 C.
Psychoanalysis is a school of thought, founded by Sigmund Freud, which emphasizes the resolution of unconscious mental conflicts	conflicts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The current Doctor promptly sends the current Rory and the now current Amy through the inner TARDIS. The Doctor	Doctor	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
Barium also has 10 meta states, out of which barium 133m1 is the most stable, having a half	half	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
" Once Hay returned to the United States in early August, he went to The Fells and watched from	from	ADP	afar	ADV	 afar
Edward II was a weak and ineffectual king (made to look the more so by comparison with his father	father	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result, a ladder match was set up, where the winner would become the undisputed OVW Women	Women	PROPN	's	PART	's
" As a Senator, Gore began to craft the High Performance Computing Act of 1991 (commonly referred to	to	ADP	as	ADP	 as
In essence, the principle underlying a human being is good and benevolent, but vital energy has the potential	potential	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Victoria stays in touch with Amy and when she runs away again, Victoria hides her in the basement of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shortly before 1: 00 pm, the advance recommenced with both the 1st and 2nd Canadian Divisions reporting their	their	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
Dakotan departed with her group on the morning of 17 June for Brest, France, steaming at an 11	11	NUM	knot	NOUN	 knot
Once the film went into production, the decision to shoot in Vancouver, rather than in Portland, came	came	VERB	after	ADP	 after
: 239 A Portia spider often joins her own web on to one of a web based nonsalticid spider.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The fuselage of Tank's design was further adapted to use the IAe 27a's undercarriage. The shoulder mounted	mounted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Statistically, Cumberland are the worst team in the history of first grade rugby league in Australia. They only	only	ADV	have	AUX	 have
The Hickmans conceived Dragonlance while driving in their car on the way to TSR for a job interview. At	At	ADP	TSR	PROPN	 TSR
The track was one of three songs on the standard edition of the album that Bieber co wrote. "	"	PUNCT	Bigger	ADJ	 Bigger
Later, her single mounts on the bridge wings were probably replaced by twin mounts. Fame was ordered on	on	ADP	17	NUM	 17
The group consisted of many of the most influential figures of the day, including the Marquess of Stafford,	,	PUNCT	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
Its 2009 sequel Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen also prominently featured these two military bases. The 2009 film	film	NOUN	Year	PROPN	 Year
For his work in this episode, Alec Baldwin received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination in the category for Outstanding	Outstanding	PROPN	Lead	PROPN	 Lead
The recruits who caught the most public attention were two members of the Boy Scout movement, Norman Mooney and	and	CCONJ	James	PROPN	 James
The number of elected members rose gradually under Company rule until they numbered 13 in 1920, sitting alongside the	the	DET	administrator	NOUN	 administrator
The tail is longer than the head and body. Relative tail length in V. gymnocaudus (136% of	of	ADP	head	NOUN	 head
Make up trailers would be created in local resident's homes, cave openings, inside of cars, or	or	CCONJ	just	ADV	 just
In the 1990s, he completed several outdoor sculptures in which he explored the use of light (The Star	Star	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Here, a transition in hue is made, from the browns that prevail in the lower half of the	the	DET	painting	NOUN	 painting
Alice died a few days after her son's birth, and so when he was three months old,	,	PUNCT	Crawford	PROPN	 Crawford
The 122RV was the same model, but with an additional reverb amplifier, which fed through to a separate	separate	ADJ	static	ADJ	 static
The series was subtitled The Prophecies Begin for its planned re release in paperback with new covers in 2015.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Considering the response given to be unsatisfactory, de Gaulle began the development of an independent French nuclear deterrent and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
In December, production was divided between interiors in Pinewood Studios and location shooting in Harlem. The producers were	were	AUX	reportedly	ADV	 reportedly
Dave Blaney stayed out to lead before parking his car on lap 44, allowing Johnson to regain the lead	lead	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By September 1845, however, Chivers was lecturing Poe on the dangers of alcohol. A Prohibitionist, he	he	PRON	said	VERB	 said
Given CBS's substantial investment in their new signing, Madinger and Easter write, the album's apparent failure	failure	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
Then they were handed over to Archbishop Neville, to be buried in the family vault at Bisham Priory near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
Forests cover about 57% of the Potlatch River watershed, while about 38% is used for agriculture and	and	CCONJ	ranching	NOUN	 ranching
Similarly, season 7 contestant Brooke White performed the song during the Mariah Carey themed week, while season 8	8	NUM	contestant	NOUN	 contestant
System 7 also fixed this. Control panels, however, are contained in separate files. Few methods exist	exist	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Since the production budget was adjusted to provide visual effects to make von Stauffenberg's injuries realistic, not enough	enough	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
The second dorsal fin is much smaller and originates over the aft third of the anal fin base. The	The	DET	anal	ADJ	 anal
Cobain noted, " If you look real close, there is a picture of Kiss in the back standing	standing	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Neurath opined that this was due to the team's status as outsiders, whose company was " some 1,500	1,500	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
She saw no combat during the war, and due to a shortage of crews, the ships were withdrawn	withdrawn	VERB	from	ADP	 from
" Blondeau was referring to the type of collar added to the Paris Mint's early coinage presses by Olivier	Olivier	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She is searching for a unified self, something noble, true, beautiful. Just as she gets close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In 1970, the United States agreed to extend the military aid program by another five years, giving Spain	Spain	PROPN	another	DET	 another
Although characterised at the time and since as actions against piracy, this charge has been disputed by historians and	and	CCONJ	archivists	NOUN	 archivists
Madgearu says that Anonymus ' " account about the conquest " of Transylvania " combines data taken from oral tradition	tradition	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" The score was released on 31 August 2004, and received mixed reviews. James Christopher Monger of Allmusic	Allmusic	PROPN	thought	VERB	 thought
He continued, " It's just weird to take away a right or to grant people a liberty and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
The fire gutted the medieval City of London inside the old Roman city wall. It threatened but did not	not	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
By 1838, Smith had abandoned plans to redeem Zion in Jackson County. After Smith and Rigdon arrived in	in	ADP	Missouri	PROPN	 Missouri
In 1941, a fifth regiment was created in North Africa. Between late 1937 and 1938, Captain Félix	Félix	PROPN	Verdeja	PROPN	 Verdeja
He does not mind that Kate is appalled at Erin becoming a casualty of his scheme. Rhys forces Erin	Erin	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Jinnah withdrew the order. This did not stop the violence there, which has broken into war between India	India	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After Skeet Shoot, Salvo signed a contract that led to the creation of Spacechase. Eventually, Salvo became	became	VERB	Apollo	PROPN	 Apollo
At the time, Selena had not recorded a single song for her planned English language debut. Behar subsequently	subsequently	ADV	told	VERB	 told
Exacerbating the situation was Margaret's disapproval of the relationship that the teenage girl developed with overseer Thomas Gott.	.	PUNCT	Push	PROPN	 Push
The debris avalanche was up to 0.7 cubic miles (2.9 km3) in volume. The Mount St. Helens	Helens	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
Suddenly, something strange happened. In a flash I saw it — every incident of my three years in	in	ADP	Rochester	PROPN	 Rochester
" Similarly, Cronin states that following the publication of The Killing Joke, Barbara Gordon — in her new	new	ADJ	persona	NOUN	 persona
" Frank Grillo as Brock Rumlow: Commander of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s counter terrorism S.T.R.I.K.E. team. About the character	character	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
North of Highway 401, it continues as Ontario Highway 404. The parkway runs through the parklands of the	the	DET	Don	PROPN	 Don
8.2% of Trafford's residents were born outside the United Kingdom, lower than the English average of 9.2	9.2	NUM	%	NOUN	%
In October 1940, Saville flew to London with Chaney for temporary duty as a military air observer studying British	British	ADJ	air	NOUN	 air
This was against his initial choice to record the album in New Orleans. Nine Inch Nails ' second studio	studio	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
Bee larvae are included in the Javanese dish botok tawon, where they are eaten steamed with shredded coconut.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Radiocarbon dating indicates that the ramparts defending Maiden Castle were built in around 600 BC. Built from earth and	and	CCONJ	timber	NOUN	 timber
On 1 July, No. 452 and No. 457 Squadrons were transferred to No. 80 Wing RAAF	RAAF	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Matthews, then 84, collaborated with Les Scott, his friend of 10 years, in the writing of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Murphy performed well in the screen test, but Steve Broidy, president of the project's production company Allied	Allied	PROPN	Artists	PROPN	 Artists
John's decades of fighting had already made his name widely known throughout Europe, and his death at Crécy	Crécy	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Shakira's ability to belly dance came into attention and gathered coverage during this period, especially due to the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
The 1st Light Horse Brigade evacuated 126 cases during the seven days following 28 September, and 239 cases by	by	ADP	10	NUM	 10
He was appointed as manager of Port Vale in June 2009, before he departed for Sheffield United in December	December	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
It moved west northwestward through the Caribbean Sea and intensified into Tropical Storm Ernesto on August 25. The storm	storm	NOUN	briefly	ADV	 briefly
Maintenance of NY 319 was split between the state and the city of Norwich, with the New York State	State	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
In 1880, Whitehead began attending Trinity College, Cambridge, and studied mathematics. His academic advisor was Edward	Edward	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
Britain's adoption of generally deflationary economic policies, including a return to the gold standard in 1925, helped	helped	VERB	to	PART	 to
Masato Kato cited the desire to " redo Radical Dreamers properly " as the genesis of Cross, attributing the	the	DET	latter	ADJ	 latter
There were no reports of damage. USGS also listed reports of tremors from as far west as Illinois,	,	PUNCT	Indiana	PROPN	 Indiana
An instrumental entitled " Money Maker " was also recorded during the sessions, but McKinnon had difficulties with it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Outside North America, " Maneater " became one of Furtado's most popular singles, topping the charts in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A problem with these muscles is often found in someone with chronic low back pain, because the back pain	pain	NOUN	causes	VERB	 causes
Torrance officials sought to improve security and took the unusual step of closing the park's basketball court by removing	removing	VERB	the	DET	 the
In other representations, Khandoba is seen seated on a horse with the heads of demons trod under the horse	horse	NOUN	's	PART	's
He served as the head of the electronics division of the Manhattan Project from 1943 to 1945, and began	began	VERB	working	VERB	 working
The New Hospital for Women moved to No. 144 Euston Road in 1888, and was rebuilt by J.M.	J.M.	PROPN	Brydon	PROPN	 Brydon
Constructed in 1901 and designed by Boston based Allen & Vance, the brick dorm stands five stories tall.	.	PUNCT	Lathrop	PROPN	 Lathrop
Parliament was also vital to the running of the country, providing laws and taxation, but it had fluctuating	fluctuating	VERB	fortunes	NOUN	 fortunes
After attending a series of NFL Europa training camps, he gained a professional contract with German NFL Europa side	side	NOUN	Hamburg	PROPN	 Hamburg
It received the Royal Assent on 11 November 1999, coming into force immediately as the Contracts (Rights of	of	ADP	Third	PROPN	 Third
Eline would also star as Hans in The Little Hero of Holland. The single reel drama, approximately 1,000	1,000	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
To get the evidence they need, Ros is sent undercover to the London Stock Exchange, where Meynell is	is	AUX	targeting	VERB	 targeting
Her four goals and one assist during the regular season helped the Reign secure the league's regular season title	title	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Nicole and Geoff's relationship became strained. Nicole decided to plan a return trip to the island, believing	believing	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Olivio as well named " the level of palatability " of the tune " a lot weaker than the other	other	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
The lunar module then continued to its rendezvous and docked with Columbia, the command and service module. The	The	DET	three	NUM	 three
The limited edition included a bonus disc with alternate edits of the group's previous singles " No Good Advice	Advice	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Rajoelina sold the controversial jet in 2012 and pursued legal action against Ravalomanana's company Tiko to reclaim 35 million	million	NUM	US	PROPN	 US
In some areas, such as at the rear of the wing, and the lower tailplane skins the top	top	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Regarding Apatow's professional effect on Rogen, the actor said in 2009, " Obviously, I can't	n't	PART	stress	VERB	 stress
Harper also stated that he had told the Conservative party representatives that they were unlikely to succeed. " I	I	PRON	told	VERB	 told
" The studios were home to WNTA 13 beginning in 1958 and WNJU 47 until 1989. WNET, a	a	DET	flagship	NOUN	 flagship
If he had stayed in England, he likely would have been a partner in a prominent London law firm	firm	NOUN	associated	VERB	 associated
When Professor Eggman, the director of the fiction workshop, comes across Mr. Glowery, he rescues him and	and	CCONJ	brings	VERB	 brings
In 2003, a 5.5% ABV, lightly nitrogenated variant of FES was introduced in Ghana called Guinness Extra	Extra	PROPN	Smooth	PROPN	 Smooth
The Rices moved back to San Francisco in 1962, experiencing the birth of the Hippie movement firsthand as they	they	PRON	lived	VERB	 lived
He later went to London to discuss the idea of oil exploration in Miri with the Anglo Saxon Petroleum Company	Company	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Simon described himself as " combative " and said that most people see him as having a " bad	bad	ADJ	attitude	NOUN	 attitude
The pelvic fins are small and thin; mature males have relatively large claspers. The thin, cylindrical tail	tail	NOUN	measures	NOUN	 measures
At no point is Michigan Avenue currently called Michigan Boulevard, but prior to the Great Chicago Fire of 1871	1871	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
No major damage was reported. In all, Lili caused $820 million in damage to the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Speaking to the Oxford Union on the alleged overshadowing of the EU debate by " UKIP and Tory backbenchers "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Cerberus was then paid off in February 1803, and Macnamara went ashore. While ashore during the peace Macnamara	Macnamara	ADV	contrived	VERB	 contrived
In 2008, Eurostar announced that it would be carrying out a mid life refurbishment of its Class 373 trains	trains	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Los Angeles Times printed a story about Senator Dorgan's efforts to elicit a response from the Federal Communications	Communications	PROPN	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
Balmer typified this new attacking strength by scoring hat tricks in three successive matches. However, the club were	were	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
When sieved from the water, food is swallowed and travels through the esophagus where it enters a three chambered	chambered	ADJ	stomach	NOUN	 stomach
In 567 the allies made their final move against Cunimund, with Alboin invading the Gepids ' lands from the	the	DET	northwest	NOUN	 northwest
Phips and Increase Mather reached Boston in separate ships on May 14, 1692. This was a Saturday afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1802, Adair succeeded Breckinridge as Speaker of the House by a vote of 30 – 14 over Elder	Elder	PROPN	David	PROPN	 David
In the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs, Edler led all team defensemen with seven points in ten games as the	the	DET	Canucks	PROPN	 Canucks
On February 18, 1975, President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu gathered all his commanders at the Independence Palace to discuss	discuss	VERB	the	DET	 the
The articular sclerites, or pteralia, of the wing base of the wing flexing insects and their relations to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jay returned the favor on " Mr. Carter " from Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III. Also, fellow	fellow	ADJ	New	PROPN	 New
Not until 1923, was the general proscription against Zoroastrians ' riding horses and donkeys lifted by Reza Shah.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
" The ministers overwhelmingly concluded that Hutchinson's unsound beliefs outweighed all the good which she had done, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
On the eve of the Battle of Teugen Hausen, Vukassovich was instrumental in providing information about movement of Bavarian	Bavarian	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
' His mastery included the organ, drum, flute and lyre. James's sporting abilities such as wrestling	wrestling	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
January For the first time since freshmen became eligible in 1974, Indiana started four freshmen in a conference opener	opener	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He was the embodiment of the GOP's " Old Guard, " borne out by his voting record:	:	PUNCT	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
He also enjoyed the artistic license taken with several of the pieces, finding the album to be the most	most	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Petrides, a 1967 graduate of the school, retired in 2015 with a coaching record of 257 – 144	144	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Later in life, Wanderone divorced Evelyn and moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where he married his second wife	wife	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The project is slated to begin in 2017 and is scheduled to be completed by 2020. With the completion	completion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Batting helmets are glossy black with the same " N " pick logo. Road uniforms are identical to those	those	PRON	worn	VERB	 worn
Method overloading Dynamic capacity tables (a feature dropped from the draft of COBOL 2002) COBOL programs are used	used	VERB	globally	ADV	 globally
This proposal was eventually completed as the Utah Division, loosely following the route of modern U.S. Route 6 across	across	ADP	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
Four days later, he capped off the trio of lead in friendly matches ahead of the European Championship by	by	ADP	scoring	VERB	 scoring
" Who Do You Love? " has been interpreted and recorded by numerous musicians. Folk singer Tom Rush	Rush	PROPN	recorded	VERB	 recorded
The armament was rearranged with the 23 mm cannon moved to each side of the fuselage, even with the	the	DET	N	PROPN	 N
She left the estate to her stepsister Elizabeth, widow of William Weddell MP, who sold it to Josias	Josias	PROPN	Du	PROPN	 Du
The song peaked at number seven on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart. 1992 saw the release of the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The hill fort is overlooked by Sigwells, a rural plateau rich in archaeological remains. Due to scrub and	and	CCONJ	tree	NOUN	 tree
While the broad details of the play are present in the opera's plot, the original work contains many	many	ADJ	more	ADJ	 more
The peace mandated by the Nri religion and enforced by the presence of the mbùríchi allowed trade to flourish.	.	PUNCT	Items	NOUN	 Items
On March 8, Princeton defeated Penn to force a one game playoff at the Payne Whitney Gymnasium at Yale	Yale	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
The professor has a son who is seen in " Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes? " during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
After exiting the element, the train then enters a 270 degree turn to the left, dropping back through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fisher, along with Bob Jenkins, an emergency dispatcher, were responsible for organizing the first bridge salutes following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
This cast doubt in the minds of many legislators regarding the true will of the people. Opponents of the	the	DET	convention	NOUN	 convention
The villain again stands in front of the players, laughing before disappearing. A boat / submarine then enters	enters	VERB	from	ADP	 from
I believe that it contained the essence of what I wanted to say; I expressed my philosophy, and	and	CCONJ	perhaps	ADV	 perhaps
Robert was then forced to leave Greece to deal with an attack on his ally, the Pope, by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Written by executive producer and show runner Greg Daniels and directed by Ken Kwapis, the episode first aired in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Anxious ambivalent attachment is when the infant feels separation anxiety when separated from the caregiver and does not feel reassured	reassured	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
They explained the motions of the various nested spheres in terms of the materials of which they were made,	,	PUNCT	external	ADJ	 external
On the April 19 SmackDown, Orton and Sheamus were defeated by Big Show and Mark Henry in a tag	tag	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
The delay caused by these rearguards may have seriously compromised the British Empire advance as there was not much time	time	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Dogs are widely used in biomedical research, testing, and education — particularly beagles, because they are gentle	gentle	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2010, the Tigers defeated the Flames to move to a perfect 27 – 0 record since the challenge	challenge	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In 1990 Cook was diagnosed with a dissociative disorder and psychogenic amnesia reportedly brought on by an abusive father.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The short collection of poems was first published in 1827. Today, it is believed only 12 copies of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
At least at this point. " Vedder, however, said, " I have to admit this record	record	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
Second, the cooking times for most fish, seafood, game birds, veal, green vegetables and pâtés	pâtés	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Two aircraft embarked on Queen Elizabeth 2 and were later used for moving troops from QE2 to other ships,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
At the end of his ordeal Pinfold muses that had he not defied Angel but instead compromised with him,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
" But I still have no timetable to return to competitive golf. " However, he did attend the	the	DET	Masters	PROPN	 Masters
At Moresby, the 49th was occupied mainly digging defences and labouring; some training was achieved, although it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In one of his Discourses he defended the frequent sharing of his own inner experiences, writing that it was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
They also received a nomination in 2016 for their song " 512 ". Lamb of God has toured with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
In northeastern Florida, police officers were stationed to ensure people did not swim in the dangerous seas. The	The	DET	high	ADJ	 high
On August 16, the tropical storm began to turn northwest in response to the strengthening of a subtropical ridge	ridge	NOUN	north	ADV	 north
That same year, Babcock participated in the Canadian Remembrance Day ceremonies, appearing via video to symbolically pass the	the	DET	torch	NOUN	 torch
It was number thirty three on the Canadian Hot 100. The other four songs on the Hot 100 were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Because of his position as both the writer of the episode and the director, Spotnitz later noted that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Its cost of £5,000 was funded by the Malvern Hills District Council, public subscription, and support from	from	ADP	by	ADP	 by
During one of the scenes, where Gretel is thrown through a wall and falls down several meters, a	a	DET	stunt	NOUN	 stunt
For example, in 1986 the Royal Shakespeare Company set the play in modern Verona. Switchblades replaced swords,	,	PUNCT	feasts	NOUN	 feasts
Before 1987, the CCDI was responsible for issuing administrative sanctions to public officials; since it enforced party discipline	discipline	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, when the railway opened, Sale Moor was close to the station and became the most expensive area	area	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Lebanon Council of Garden Clubs acquired the land in 1972, tore down the freight depot, and erected	erected	VERB	a	DET	 a
Despite the prophecy, Priam and Hecuba happily welcome him home. However, Hector and his other brothers,	,	PUNCT	jealous	ADJ	 jealous
While testing the viability of exploits, Project Zero found that about half of the 29 tested laptops experienced disturbance	disturbance	NOUN	errors	NOUN	 errors
However the Golden Path's newfound momentum is threatened by deep divisions between its commanders, Sabal, who favors	favors	VERB	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
The top of the L is 24 feet 2 inches (7.37 m) north – south by 40 feet	feet	NOUN	6	NUM	 6
In 2004, a Saving Private Ryan special edition DVD was released to commemorate the 60th anniversary of D Day	Day	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A slow paced ballad, the song's opening verse reflects Harrison's optimism and idealism, on the one	one	NUM	hand	NOUN	 hand
Both PC Magazine and PC Pro noted the exclusion of time based restrictions. Information filtering can be controlled on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
To the north, Wilhelm von Wartensleben ’ s autonomous corps stretched in a thin line between Mainz and Giessen	Giessen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Rather than use a pre built game engine, Refenes programmed an original one. The game was initially set	set	VERB	to	PART	 to
The United Press noted: " A running attack which featured Ted Petoskey, converted from an end to a	a	DET	fullback	NOUN	 fullback
I am delighted to have got a keeper of Russell's calibre ". Despite being given a chance to	to	PART	affirm	VERB	 affirm
It constitutes most of the radioactivity still left from the Chernobyl accident. 137Cs undergoes high energy beta decay and	and	CCONJ	eventually	ADV	 eventually
At the restart, Michael Schumacher and Trulli again held their positions, whilst Ralf Schumacher made the best start	start	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The liberation from the cycle of Saṃsāra where the enlightened soul had no longer attached to worldly form corresponds to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The introduced common blackbird is, together with the native silvereye (Zosterops lateralis), the most widely distributed	distributed	VERB	avian	ADJ	 avian
During the ten months in which the Kabbah government was exiled, Penfold — with funds from the British Department	Department	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Originally, Stanley intended that the Cup should be awarded to the top amateur hockey team in Canada, to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The lotus design is a common theme. On the ceiling are images of the Vidyadhara couples. Through a	a	DET	cleft	NOUN	 cleft
As the decade wore on, the quality of the soundtrack songs grew " progressively worse ". Julie Parrish	Parrish	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Between February and March, the corps participated in Operation Killer, pushing Chinese forces north of the Han River	River	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the drafting of the script, there were also talks of crafting a two hour episode, but these	these	DET	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
Tablighi Jamaat also disagree with the prevailing idea that the highest standards of Islamic scholarship and ethical standards were prerequisites	prerequisites	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Despite being released after the introduction of the D & D 4th edition ruleset, Storm of Zehir made use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The film's director, Tony Goldwyn, described Lane as having "... this potentially volcanic sexuality that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
This bird with its somehow crow like aspect gave foot to the naming of the Quebrada de los Cuervos (	(	PUNCT	Crows	PROPN	Crows
Later, in March 2004, Gore endorsed John Kerry and gave Kerry $6 million in funds left over	over	ADP	from	ADP	 from
Lead's abundance in the Earth's crust is 16 ppm. This results in a great availability of lead	lead	ADJ	minerals	NOUN	 minerals
At this point, in mid 1934, Murray was appointed to a new position of Senior Naval Officer,	,	PUNCT	Halifax	PROPN	 Halifax
Red Bull were leading the Constructors ' Championship with 426 points; McLaren and Ferrari were second and third with	with	ADP	381	NUM	 381
Beecher's long career in the public spotlight led biographer Debby Applegate to call him " The Most Famous Man	Man	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The cause was found to be Friday, standing on the hotel's snooker table in his underpants and throwing	throwing	VERB	the	DET	 the
More than 500 automobiles were flooded, including five police cars. The storm surge also raised 54 corpses in	in	ADP	five	NUM	 five
Several Emergency Detour Routes have been established further inland to guide drivers around such closures. Care should be taken	taken	VERB	during	ADP	 during
The expedition occurred in the early days of Queen Anne's War, as the North American theater of the	the	DET	War	PROPN	 War
Balotelli gained national attention after he scored two goals against Juventus in the return leg of the Coppa Italia quarter	quarter	NOUN	finals	NOUN	 finals
In February 2013, a self declared Pastafarian was denied the right to wear a spaghetti strainer on his head	head	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The pickpocket, mortally wounded by Lecter, manages to get the print and provides it to Pazzi. Lecter	Lecter	PROPN	baits	VERB	 baits
Woide's errors were corrected in 1860 by B. H. Cowper, and E. H. Hansell, with three other	other	ADJ	manuscripts	NOUN	 manuscripts
This was followed by a four yard run by Oxendine and a ten yard completion by Druckenmiller for another first	first	ADJ	down	ADV	 down
Oxygen gas (O 2) can be toxic at elevated partial pressures, leading to convulsions and other health	health	NOUN	problems	NOUN	 problems
Leicester finished bottom and were relegated. He scored a career high of 20 goals in the 2002 – 03	03	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Projectile points found in the vicinity of Chaco Canyon suggest that hunters may have been active in the region as	as	ADV	early	ADV	 early
Finally, the wheelbase increases when the bike is leaned and steered. In the extreme, when the lean	lean	ADJ	angle	NOUN	 angle
Several other oral traditions about the castle survive. One of these involves a child prisoner within the castle,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
It was written by Darin Morgan and directed by Kim Manners. Morgan had previously appeared in a guest role	role	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Although the Duke was only an observer at Geertruidenberg, the failed negotiations gave credence to his detractors that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The following day, several reporters suggested that Hill's comments at the Vatican may have been influenced by her	her	PRON	spiritual	ADJ	 spiritual
Connected with this episode, Herodotus recounts a rumour that this manoeuver by the Persians had been planned in conjunction	conjunction	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
1937, supplanting the entirety of NY 325. The NY 325 designation was reassigned to the short piece of	of	ADP	Sheridan	PROPN	 Sheridan
In the Gulf of California, they have been observed feeding on swarms of the euphausiid Nyctiphanes simplex. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The crime task force was deemed the largest since the investigation into the assassination of John F. Kennedy. OKBOMB	OKBOMB	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In addition to its presence on State of Confusion, " Come Dancing " has appeared on numerous compilations albums	albums	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
His repertoire by then included primarily of his changeup, a four seam fastball, a slower cut fastball that	that	PRON	moves	VERB	 moves
In contrast, Furtado's new, overt sexuality comes off as unoriginal — overdone by thousands of pouty pop	pop	NOUN	stars	NOUN	 stars
The council accepted the document on the same day. As the year progressed, however, Calvin and Farel	Farel	PROPN	's	PART	's
Regarding the character's introduction as a human looking Inhuman, Bell explained that the series already featured " a	a	DET	guy	NOUN	 guy
This further suggests a very compact object as the source. The observation of minutes to hours of X ray	ray	NOUN	flashes	NOUN	 flashes
The rural section of Albany Highway connects to important regional roads at the few towns and roadhouses along the route	route	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In October that year Morris sold The Anvil — by then selling about 3,560 copies monthly — for £1,250	1,250	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In years since, signatures of water have been found to exist on the lunar surface. In 1994,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Ferguson, Margaret; Salter, Mary Jo; Stallworthy, Jon, eds. (1996). The	The	DET	Norton	PROPN	 Norton
Although not an SS document, the 1930 book Krieg und Krieger (" War and Warriors "),	,	PUNCT	edited	VERB	 edited
When Christ and His Saints Slept introduces the genesis of the Plantagenet dynasty as Queen Maude fights to secure her	her	PRON	claim	NOUN	 claim
The second is Carol J. Adams's argument that the connection of meat eating and masculinity serves to oppress both	both	DET	women	NOUN	 women
Additionally, NY 18 utilized Hamlin Center Road and what is now NY 260 between Hamlin and Roosevelt Highway.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Shiva blesses her that she will be born as Draupadi, the princess of Pancala, who will have five	five	NUM	husbands	NOUN	 husbands
In 1948, at the age of five, Harrison enrolled at Dovedale Primary School. He passed the eleven	eleven	NUM	plus	NOUN	 plus
Some of their lyrics, especially those derived from the blues, have been interpreted as misogynistic. Particularly on	on	ADP	Led	PROPN	 Led
Another minor character, Dr. Morstan, takes his name from Mary Morstan, Dr. Watson ’ s wife.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The tour was designed as a showcase for American companies hoping to expand into South America, and Kroonland circumnavigated	circumnavigated	VERB	that	DET	 that
Throughout October more wagon trains were assembled, and by the end of the month 250 relief wagons were on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some of those, who carried out the terror were seriously traumatized, a phenomenon that was later to become	become	VERB	well	ADV	 well
Kunis starred as Rachel Jansen in the 2008 comedy film, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, co produced by Judd Apatow	Apatow	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Voigt ordered the interior hatch to the control room sealed and all the ballast tanks filled with compressed air to	to	PART	increase	VERB	 increase
While writing the original script, Sarumpaet interviewed prostitutes in Surabaya, Surakarta, Garut, and Borneo over a	a	DET	period	NOUN	 period
Gaddafi was popular at school; some friends made there received significant jobs in his later administration, most notably	notably	ADV	his	PRON	 his
Inspired, when he quit Nutting to start his own company, Atari, he assigned Allan Alcorn to create	create	VERB	a	DET	 a
Three years later, Parker became an appellate judge when Hill appointed him to the newly formed Second Department of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hugh once was credited with creating 300 new vicarages within the diocese, largely on the basis of his surviving	surviving	VERB	documents	NOUN	 documents
" Heart Shaped Box " also topped the music video category in the 1993 Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics	critics	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Both Richard Dawkins and Frederick Soddy studied at the university and returned for research purposes. Robert Hooke, Edwin	Edwin	PROPN	Hubble	PROPN	 Hubble
Amanita regalis was first described as Agaricus muscarius β regalis by Elias Magnus Fries in his Systema Mycologicum, published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He pressed Shah again, reminding him of previous promises to produce the manuscript if it were necessary. Neither	Neither	PRON	of	ADP	 of
" As the album helped return New York City hip hop to national prominence, a new generation of New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
McNair, pleased by its results, attributed this success to the great improvements in airborne training that had been	been	AUX	implemented	VERB	 implemented
On the April 7 episode of Takedown, Lively participated in a Hoedown Throwdown battle royal to determine the top	top	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
RCA contacted the studio's producer Chips Moman. Willing to work with Presley, Moman postponed a session with	with	ADP	Neil	PROPN	 Neil
He called his version the Will to Power, or Wille zur Macht. Sigmund Freud (1856 – 1939	1939	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Catherine did all in her power to bring Francis back into the fold. On one occasion, in March	March	PROPN	1578	NUM	 1578
GamesRadar editor Carolyn Gudmundson stated " It may not break the Pokemon mold, but Black / White offers enough	enough	ADJ	new	ADJ	 new
She was unbeaten in the other two fifties after opening the batting; New South Wales completed ten wicket wins	wins	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As early as 1857, the need for a lighthouse on Point Stephens was identified, due to the proximity	proximity	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The tribe included Keith Glass and then Reg Livermore as Berger, John Waters as Claude and Sharon Redd as	as	ADP	The	DET	 The
After the battle, von Kressenstein's force was pushed back across the Sinai Peninsula, to be beaten at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon the ruler's death in 1714 at the age of 41, his son, Dodda Krishnaraja I,	,	PUNCT	still	ADV	 still
They hoped to " design a story that would support new characters, " as characters such as Will Turner	Turner	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
The first hormone governing the Immune System (later christened the Cytokine ' Interleukin 2 ') was discovered at	at	ADP	McGill	PROPN	 McGill
According to Heather Phares of AllMusic, the song includes siren like guitar chords and loud, complex drumming in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the 1960s the NFL also faced competition from the new American Football League (AFL). NFL players	players	NOUN	viewed	VERB	 viewed
Before Edward the Confessor became king of England, he was exiled to the continent. Leofric served as Edward	Edward	PROPN	's	PART	's
It was rotated by four men via a system of gears; 2.25 minutes were required for a full 360	360	NUM	°	NUM	°
Stewart and Kenseth were the winners of the Gatorade Duels. The qualifying grid was finalized with Stewart in third	third	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The new equipment had fallen out of favor by the end of 1974: food service was inadequate, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Small resident populations also breed in Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia. It typically inhabits reed beds (Phragmites)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The hideous creature opens its jaws wide and bites Hangemuhl. Doggett suggests to Skinner that Mulder shot someone to	to	PART	protect	VERB	 protect
The Seljuqs, who were orthodox Sunni Muslims, had formerly ruled the Great Seljuq Empire, but by the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
In addition, the DVD featured an interview with Talbot and behind the scenes footage. Appearances in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
After losing $50,000 worth of equipment and a week's break, the Mothers played at the Rainbow Theatre	Theatre	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tim Goodman of The San Francisco Chronicle considered it as a " flat out awful " pilot of what "	"	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
H5N1 is a subtype of the Influenza A virus, the viruses responsible for influenza in humans and many other	other	ADJ	animal	NOUN	 animal
Richer biodiversity is associated with areas of known phytodetritus input and higher organic carbon flux. Abyssobrotula galatheae, a	a	DET	species	NOUN	 species
The Studios would provide both personal support to Hergé and technical support for his ongoing work. He hired Bob	Bob	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Ultimately, Mulder's loyalties prove altruistic, whereas the Smoking Man chooses self interest over The Syndicate's cause	cause	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A local judge convinced Bokassa that there was a lack of evidence to convict Dacko, who was instead placed	placed	VERB	under	ADP	 under
Sif also appears in Skáldskaparmál listed as a heiti for " earth ", appears in a kenning for a	a	DET	gold	NOUN	 gold
Arrian felt compelled to describe the sight hunt and sighthounds because the Ancient Greeks only knew the scent hunt.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
" At the 53rd Grammy Awards, Backspacer was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Rock Album, losing to	to	ADP	Muse	PROPN	 Muse
Donald C. MacDonald stated that Lewis was not representing the caucus, but acting on his own. Though Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Later that month, she supported an amphibious landing by the Volunteer Army near Odessa. In mid October,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Kaiser Karl VI was armed with a main battery of two large caliber guns and several medium caliber pieces.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
He jumped out and stomped on the flames, as did his wife and some of his staffers. Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	's	PART	's
Roxy Ann Peak and nearby Baldy are the only two primary transmitter station sites in the Rogue Valley. Residential	Residential	ADJ	development	NOUN	 development
The nearest NHS hospital is Lincoln County Hospital, Greetwell Road, Lincoln, which is 8.7 miles (14	14	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
" Adventure Gamers ' Claire Wood called it an " enjoyable ", " engaging adventure classic, thoroughly enjoyable	enjoyable	ADJ	playing	NOUN	 playing
The ships, Blitz and Pfeil, were the first steel hulled ships of any kind built by the German	German	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
A typical episode for a half hour time slot runs 20 and a half minutes. The final episode of	of	ADP	season	NOUN	 season
To date, only four other players, Aaron Ekblad, Connor McDavid, Sean Day and Joseph Veleno,	,	PUNCT	have	AUX	 have
The game was released in Japan on December 27, 2007, and was released in North America and Europe	Europe	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The conservation status of this species was last assessed in July 2012 and published in 2013, and it was	was	AUX	classed	VERB	 classed
Each house originally comprised a ground floor hall of approximately 20 by 13 feet (6.1 by 4.0 m)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The institution conducts nearly $130 million annually in research, and operates more than 40 research centers and institutes	institutes	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
This was followed by a match against Canterbury in Christchurch, in which Brown top scored with 137. This	This	PRON	laid	VERB	 laid
Moore felt that if anyone should be depicted, it should be Theodore Thomas, who conducted the Cincinnati May	May	PROPN	Festival	PROPN	 Festival
In 1973, Dennis Rawlins conjectured, based on the similarities in the periodicity and amplitude of brightness variation between	between	ADP	Pluto	PROPN	 Pluto
It was chaired by Sir George Thomson, and its original membership included Oliphant, Chadwick, Cockcroft and Moon	Moon	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The quanta of an Abelian gauge field must be massless, uncharged bosons, as long as the symmetry is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
Despite the appeal against the light, the Australians showed little desire to be watchful against Edrich's bowling,	,	PUNCT	scoring	VERB	 scoring
The first known physician in the county, Dr. Ezra Doty, settled in Mifflintown in 1791. The first	first	ADJ	four	NUM	 four
This was the only direct casualty from the storm. Alex's outer rainbands produced heavy rainfall across Virginia,	,	PUNCT	peaking	VERB	 peaking
Born in Rio de Janeiro, the Brazilian Emperor Dom Pedro II was the youngest and only surviving male child	child	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Alexander described the original song as " more spiritual " than the version that was released, and said it	it	PRON	contained	VERB	 contained
The hosts reached 106 / 3 at stumps on the fourth day, but then collapsed on the final morning	morning	NOUN	to	PART	 to
She was displayed in the museum's entrance hall, next to a Peruvian and an Egyptian mummy, and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Queen's, however, decided to withdraw from the competition, giving Oxford a bye into the final.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
During the Panic of 1893, Lilly created a commission to help provide food and shelter to the poor people	people	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
At the end of the year it was to become a ghost town when news had arrived about rich amounts	amounts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Panitan Wattanayagorn, a military scholar at Chulalongkorn University and a personal adviser to Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont noted in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
In the following verse, Lewis and Haynes are seen having several embraces, some joyful while others are more	more	ADV	tense	ADJ	 tense
For example, there are over 800 species of fig trees, mostly in the tropics, and almost all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The overhaul lasted from 3 March to 3 May, after which Sperber went on another tour of the islands	islands	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The system was first used at the 2007 World Championships. The World Championships have been open to all players	players	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
"), its reputation as a repair shop, its selection of vintage instruments, and its position as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Brillanten (Diamonds) were presented by Hitler at the Wolfsschanze, near Kętrzyn (German: Rastenburg)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
It built an underground convenience on Parliament Street near Bridge Street in London with access to the pavement on either	either	DET	side	NOUN	 side
The 2001 Gujarat earthquake devastated this region and displaced many locals. The crew, including the English, contributed	contributed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The largest of a series of expeditions carried out in 1963 – 1971, this expedition involved 21 members,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The unilateral French decision led to a censure debate in the House of Commons. By 1967 when the French	French	PROPN	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
The day long Battle of Königgrätz, near the village of Sadová, gave Prussia an uncontested and decisive victory	victory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Pure Food and Drug Act was then passed by the United States Congress in 1906 and required that certain	certain	ADJ	special	ADJ	 special
This was one of the main theoretical models behind much of Wulfstan's legal and quasi legal writings. But	But	CCONJ	Wulfstan	PROPN	 Wulfstan
The pair flirt, but Derek makes his excuses and leaves. On her arrival at the hospital, Lexie	Lexie	PROPN	meets	VERB	 meets
He ended his review with the words: " One feels constantly that shining truths are about to be revealed	revealed	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
The basic design used a modified Vulture supercharger for the first stage while a Merlin 46 supercharger was used for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
[a] They have also mentioned that the users of the unlocked variant of the device can unlock the	the	DET	bootloader	NOUN	 bootloader
Music for the game was composed by Junichi Masuda, who utilized the four sound channels of the Game Boy	Boy	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Scholar John McWhorter calls Angelou's books " tracts " that defend African American culture and fight negative stereotypes.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Based on reports from four ships, a tropical storm is known to have existed for two days in mid	mid	ADJ	June	PROPN	 June
Both parents feed the chicks bringing food every two to five minutes, and the young are fed for 14	14	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
When Diana and Adrian spar at their next session in the gym, he is reluctant to hit her,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She was extremely devout, and attended prayers at least twice a day. Many of her proclamations focus on	on	ADP	combating	VERB	 combating
German designers were leaders of modern product design, with the Bauhaus designers like Mies van der Rohe, and	and	CCONJ	Dieter	PROPN	 Dieter
The section was opened on 23 July 1978 by the Minister for Transport, at a cost of over $	$	SYM	20	NUM	20
The creation of the awards was a way to honor those who have made valuable contributions to Belarus, irrespective	irrespective	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The second and third volume ranked 7th and 8th, respectively, on The New York Times Manga Best Seller	Seller	PROPN	List	PROPN	 List
The game is structurally similar to Guitar Hero 5, and supports full band play (lead and bass guitar	guitar	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By the turn of the 18th century, Felling consisted of little more than the large Brandling estate and a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
The residential school system that removed aboriginal children from their homes has led scholars to believe that Canada can be	be	AUX	tried	VERB	 tried
" Cyriaque Lamar from i09 called the Jaguar Spirit one of " The 10 Most Ridiculous X Files Monsters "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, Umbricht learned that the doctors were unsure if the cancer surgery was a success, or even if	if	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
While visiting Nintendo for other work, celebrity copywriter Shigesato Itoi pitched to the company's lead designer Shigeru Miyamoto	Miyamoto	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Guest came up against Sir Charles Coghlan, the senior partner of Coghlan and Welsh, in a case before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
The habitat includes densely forested areas as well as alpine heathland. It is rare below altitudes of 200 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Despite Barry's concerns, Cartier continued to work successfully in television, and at the 1957 Guild of Television	Television	PROPN	Producers	PROPN	 Producers
Robinson missed the game because manager Walter Alston decided to play Gilliam at second and Don Hoak at third base	base	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The next scenes mainly consist of Shakira interacting with Nadal in different ways, such as dancing for him and	and	CCONJ	laying	VERB	 laying
Minnesota's main armored belt was 11 in (279 mm) thick over the magazines and the machinery spaces	spaces	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Its northwest corner, north of Monroe Street and the Art Institute, east of Michigan Avenue, south of	of	ADP	Randolph	PROPN	 Randolph
During the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862, the 19th Massachusetts, as part of Maj.	.	PROPN	Gen.	PROPN	 Gen.
Rumours throughout 2011 suggested Okereke had left the group to focus on solo work, though these were denied by	by	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Angel. Music. Baby. (2004). It was written by Stefani, Linda Perry, and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
He was promoted to brigadier general on 10 November 1944, and awarded the Bronze Star Medal. He returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The adult population numbered at 1,370 men and 858 women, and children 16 years of age or younger numbered	numbered	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The frilled shark has seldom been encountered alive, and thus poses no danger to humans (though scientists have	have	AUX	accidentally	ADV	 accidentally
Göring initially suspected Galland had instigated the unrest. Heinrich Himmler had wanted to put Galland on trial for treason	treason	NOUN	himself	PRON	 himself
He added ten points in ten playoff games, but was knocked out of the postseason in the Smythe Division	Division	PROPN	Final	PROPN	 Final
Speaking to clinical social worker Catherine Black (Megan Gallagher), Seattle police officer Bob Bletcher (Bill Smitrovich	Smitrovich	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Following the end of hostilities in August 1945, Barr was treated for recurring fever and underwent two operations on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
One of the most common constituents of a medieval meal, either as part of a banquet or as a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
" PC West contacted civilian dispatcher Malcolm Bonnet at the Chelmsford HQ Information Room using a radio link; this	this	DET	conversation	NOUN	 conversation
Players can not move freely across each Age; instead, as in the previous games in the Myst series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
More than 200 pueblo builder sites have been identified in the park at a wide variety of locations — at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Alaska possessed no mental health treatment facilities prior to the passage of the 1956 Act. At the time of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Those who reached the canal near the housing district were killed by Dutch troops waiting in small boats, while	while	SCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
On March 28, it was revealed that Park would be rejoining the cast of KBS ' Immortal Songs 2	2	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Once the machine transitioned to the downstairs portion, it would generally run the rest of the course untouched.	.	PUNCT	Furthermore	ADV	 Furthermore
Wintry weather made subsequent attempts to recover the dead difficult; four bodies were never found. Transcontinental traffic was	was	AUX	rerouted	VERB	 rerouted
In contrast, only 20% of the North American captive cheetahs bred successfully in 1991. Studies have shown	shown	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The ability to thrive solely on pasture (even without hay) varies with breed, but all sheep can	can	AUX	survive	VERB	 survive
Adolf Friedrich Rudorff dated it to the reign of Hadrian, while Franz Peter Bremer suggested that it opened around	around	ADP	200	NUM	 200
Pleasant Stream, a tributary of Lycoming Creek, is the watershed to the north. The named tributaries together	together	ADV	account	VERB	 account
Bus routes are mainly operated by National Express West Midlands, which accounts for over 80% of all bus	bus	NOUN	journeys	NOUN	 journeys
At full capacity, she could steam for 5,610 nautical miles (10,390 km; 6,460 mi) at a	a	DET	speed	NOUN	 speed
The sexes are indistinguishable in appearance though the females are usually a little smaller. The adult has a grey	grey	ADJ	green	NOUN	 green
Despite remaining over water, its close proximity to the continent prevented further strengthening. The tropical storm recurved to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Further adjournments were made on 11 December 1974 and 10 March 1975, before a full inquest was scheduled for	for	ADP	16	NUM	 16
As a result, the large daytime surface temperature within the UHI is easily seen via thermal remote sensing.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
In the end, Takumi changed the scriptwriter character into a director, and made the culprit a " strong	strong	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
— no, — she has not a joy, — At least for me, — so sweet as	as	ADP	drowsy	NOUN	 drowsy
The core membership of the Azusa Street Mission was never much more than 50 – 60 individuals with hundreds and	and	CCONJ	thousands	NOUN	 thousands
A scene with Rachel and Jesse that included a performance of the song " Montage, Part 1: Hello	Hello	INTJ	Twelve	NUM	 Twelve
Bach quoted Gregorian chant twice, in the Credo in unum Deum as a theme, in the Confiteor as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He also impressed in Stevenage's FA Cup run the same season, scoring a 30 yard effort away at	at	ADP	Kettering	PROPN	 Kettering
Cosby's sitcom was slotted against Selleck's Magnum, P.I., which had dominated the time slot for years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ultimate aim is to develop societal relationships based on a restorative, " partnership " paradigm and mutual respect	respect	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Beginning in July 1775, Ticonderoga was used as a staging area for the invasion of Quebec to begin in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Mike Stagno of Sputnikmusic, taking into account that the album has a different appeal, was somewhat positive in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Ljotić was killed in the ensuing car accident. He was buried in a Hungarian count's abandoned crypt in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Humanist historians argued that contemporary scholarship restored direct links to the classical period, thus bypassing the Medieval period,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Andrew Reiner of Game Informer proclaimed that the game's " unpredictable framerates, extensive backtracking, and the guarantee	guarantee	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These were divided into nine sections. Within these were cells of six stages. The cells could be operated	operated	VERB	independently	ADV	 independently
The question of how long a person with PTE remains at higher risk for seizures than the general population is	is	AUX	controversial	ADJ	 controversial
He led a delegation to London to discuss responsible government in 1921, and two years later Southern Rhodesia became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
At the podium interview, conducted by Gerhard Berger, Rosberg expressed his satisfaction with the victory, saying:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The partisans arrested Mussolini and took him to Dongo, where he spent part of the night in the local	local	ADJ	barracks	NOUN	 barracks
At that moment I was enlightened: the source of budō [the martial way] is God's love	love	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
In 1996, they co starred the film Big Night, which Conrad said was the main reason Tucci "	"	PUNCT	always	ADV	 always
When Paulino Soares asked who should be appointed as Brazil's representative among the allied forces, Caxias suggested Honório	Honório	PROPN	Hermeto	PROPN	 Hermeto
In the United States, certain DVDs at Target stores contain a bonus DVD with a 30 minute long making	making	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Gilligan said of the idea, " I just thought it was a cool way to tell a story.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Desiring to make a film, he decided that a low budget horror film was his best opportunity. Jones	Jones	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
(John Facenda voice) It was these 1986 Giants that popularized the football tradition of dousing the head coach	coach	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The main armored deck was 60 mm (2.4 in) thick. The conning tower had 150 mm (	(	PUNCT	5.9	NUM	5.9
Colt re introduced the revolvers in its second generation revolvers produced after 1956. The Buntline Special was further popularized	popularized	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Dylan has also been playing the song live throughout the Never Ending Tour that began in 1988. In addition	addition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Since airing, the finale has received mixed reviews from television critics. Grace Adler (Debra Messing),	,	PUNCT	heavily	ADV	 heavily
The episode earned a 4.0 / 10 ratings share among adults aged 18 to 49, meaning that it was	was	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
Afterwards, Mayer said, " We considered it, but the kind of modifications which Repco did were well	well	ADV	beyond	ADP	 beyond
In 2014 she spearheaded the Minecraft Comets to their first ever national title win, which was clinched by a	a	DET	crucial	ADJ	 crucial
In certain specialized cells, however, the smooth ER is abundant and has additional functions. The smooth ER	ER	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During a discussion with Elaine, Jerry mentions the 1958 film The Blob. Jerry also mentions the novel Moby	Moby	PROPN	Dick	PROPN	 Dick
The football club plays at the Everyone Active Stadium, formerly known as the Hand Stadium. Another Non League	League	PROPN	football	NOUN	 football
This more isolated site, with a larger area for people to gather, made it a safer location.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Multifurca: agaricoid; caps zonate (also visible in cut through trama); gills regularly forked; only	only	ADV	M.	PROPN	 M.
A tropical storm developed about midway between Bermuda and Puerto Rico on November 8. Designated as George by the	the	DET	Air	PROPN	 Air
Sonya and Lizaveta had exchanged crosses, so originally the cross was Lizaveta's — whom Rodya didn't intend	intend	VERB	to	PART	 to
They proceeded to defeat the Detroit Tigers in five games, giving Molina his first championship ring. His mask	mask	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Animal Camouflage: Mechanisms and Function. Cambridge University Press. Ruxton, Graeme D; Sherratt, Tom N	N	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
In keeping with the game's other development goals, Shimomura wanted to alter some of the established music,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Steam Guard also offers two factor, risk based authentication that uses a one time verification code sent to a	a	DET	verified	ADJ	 verified
Olds flew a new P 38J Lightning that he nicknamed Scat II. Olds ' crew chief, T /	/	SYM	Sgt	PROPN	 Sgt
Although they are unlikely to form a clade, some older works combine the Caudofoveata and solenogasters into one class	class	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Arming Arab captives and sending them to fight with the Bulgarians as a desperate measure, Leo VI managed to	to	PART	repel	VERB	 repel
This technology makes it possible for the characters to interact with celebrities from the then distant past, and is	is	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Ruth von Phul was the first to argue that Earwicker was not the dreamer, which triggered a number of	of	ADP	similarly	ADV	 similarly
Preliminary proof is given that the trapping mechanisms of two associated plants are the same (the tentacles of Byblis	Byblis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Guitar Solos was well received by music critics, and was voted one of the best albums of 1974 by	by	ADP	NME	PROPN	 NME
The lyrics are mostly in English. Norwegian texts are also rare for the group, but on the album	album	NOUN	The	DET	 The
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males. The Census Bureau's 2006 2010	2010	NUM	American	PROPN	 American
The early Pandyas named the city Thenpandiyanadu, the Cholas Mudikonda Cholamandalam and the Nayaks Tirunelveli Seemai; it was	was	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Tukwila would have four processor cores and would replace the Itanium bus with a new Common System Interface, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Marching Men was written as a hobby project while Sherwood Anderson was still working in advertising. A combination of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Underground, he finds Hangemuhl and takes her to the hospital. Skinner checks in with Doggett who reports that	that	SCONJ	Hangemuhl	PROPN	 Hangemuhl
Barth had wanted to expand the ideas in Codex to include more realistic aspects of chemistry, such as more	more	ADV	complex	ADJ	 complex
Milla Jovovich as Alice; a former Umbrella Corporation security officer whose exposure to the T virus granted her superhuman	superhuman	ADJ	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
Through Maluma, Pitar discovers the power and the sweets of love. Manisha: This name stems from the	the	DET	Hindi	PROPN	 Hindi
The manuscripts of General Andranik, 65 pages long and the only known memoir of General Andranik written by him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Other sources such as The Escapist and Game Informer also heavily praised the production, with the former lamenting that	that	SCONJ	such	DET	 such
Air traffic controllers heard Atta announce, " We have some planes. Just stay quiet and you'll be	be	AUX	O.K.	PROPN	 O.K.
This new federal party advocated socialism and considered itself a partnership between farmers and labourers; Brownlee wanted no part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
David's reward was the lifetime rule of key imperial territories in eastern Asia Minor, known to the contemporary	contemporary	ADJ	Georgian	ADJ	 Georgian
In defense of Budington's decision, when low tide exposed the ship's hull, the men found that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Exposure to lead may also decrease lifespan and have health effects in the long term. Death rates from a	a	DET	variety	NOUN	 variety
" The song was listed as one of the best songs of the year by several publications. The New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Former MSU quarterback Jeff Smoker now plays in the Arena Football League. Former Michigan State players in the National	National	PROPN	Hockey	PROPN	 Hockey
Wotton's application to withdraw his plea was granted by Nase DCJ on 26 April 2007. A few days	days	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
The history of Rome's campaigning is, if nothing else, a history of obstinate persistence overcoming appalling losses	losses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Her cousin Jomo Hankerson stated the family would prefer a " major studio release along the lines " of What	What	PRON	's	AUX	's
Along with this release Editors engaged in their biggest and most extensive British tour to date. They played arenas	arenas	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The Salt Lake County Fair is held every August at the park. The 67 acre (27 ha)	)	PUNCT	Oquirrh	PROPN	 Oquirrh
His response was to place a classified advertisement in the Gazette de France, hoping that his anonymous critic would	would	AUX	see	VERB	 see
Exactly two months after Truman's announcement, Barkley declared his availability to run for president while maintaining he was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
It was announced on October 19, 2013 that the Roseland Ballroom would be closing in April 2014, after	after	ADP	over	ADP	 over
February 16 in Lithuania is now an official holiday. On this day various ceremonies are hosted all across Lithuania	Lithuania	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The speaker has amassed an " enthusiastic, focused, and loyal [...] following, and none so	so	ADV	large	ADJ	 large
Throughout 1994 and 1995, the trio vigorously toured nonstop and grew in popularity, mostly in Australia, where	where	SCONJ	audiences	NOUN	 audiences
Some such isotopes (especially 291Cn and 293Cn) may even have been synthesized in nature, but would have	have	AUX	decayed	VERB	 decayed
The project stalled until a design competition for the memorial was launched. In 1948, Finnish architect Eero Saarinen	Saarinen	PROPN	's	PART	's
In 1946, the National Cartoonists Society inaugurated the Billy DeBeck Memorial Awards (or the Barney Awards),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Jack Gwillim, who had a tiny role as a British army officer, played a Royal Navy officer in	in	ADP	Thunderball	PROPN	 Thunderball
It consists of measuring, control and signaling devices, located in zones where driving conditions may vary — at	at	ADP	interchanges	NOUN	 interchanges
At 06: 00 UTC on the same day, the JTWC upgraded the storm to the equivalent of a	a	DET	minimal	ADJ	 minimal
The flooding was worst around the San Jacinto and Trinity River basins, and in coastal areas. Rainfall totals	totals	NOUN	ranged	VERB	 ranged
She had five brothers and one sister (three other siblings died in childhood), and was educated in	in	ADP	Lynchburg	PROPN	 Lynchburg
Starting in 2001, producers Jerry Molen and Robert Starling began work to finish DeMille's project, using an	an	DET	updated	VERB	 updated
He was soon recognized by the Bábís, as well as government authorities, as the foremost Bábí leader,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Additional art direction for the album was provided by Aaron Parsons. M.I.A. used her mother's Tamil phonebook to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
After the manoeuvres ended, she was detached from the Mediterranean Fleet and returned to the United Kingdom to be	be	AUX	specially	ADV	 specially
Strong defensive play by Nott and Gauci helped the Gliders reverse this in the second, and left Canada with	with	ADP	only	ADV	 only
In response, the fourth All American Sobor convened in April 1924. During the Sobor, the historic step	step	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Subsequent Muslim conquests helped spread Islam throughout the region. Consequently, the region was ruled by dynasties of Bengal	Bengal	PROPN	Sultanate	PROPN	 Sultanate
It was also during this period that she began using what would become her trademark ring entrance: slowly putting	putting	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Gavin Long described Rowell as " clear and incisive in thought, sensitive in feeling, frank and outspoken in	in	ADP	approach	NOUN	 approach
Truth is, I really want to see it on TV. The record is very nice. I would	would	AUX	never	ADV	 never
On April 5, 2011, Twitter tested a new homepage and phased out the " Old Twitter ".	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
In suitable weather a more interesting and scenic route is to follow the edge of the crags as closely as	as	ADP	possible	ADJ	 possible
The station opened on 19 November 1921 and was the line's terminus until 1923. In addition to a	a	DET	station	NOUN	 station
Cook was replaced as coach following the season as Boucher named himself head coach. Cook then retired from hockey	hockey	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In First Chronicles, she is called Abraham's " concubine " (Hebrew: פִּילֶגֶשׁ Translit.: pilegeš	pilegeš	PROPN	Translated	VERB	 Translated
Macedonia was not an administrative division of the Ottoman Empire; its entire territory was part of the beylerbeylik of	of	ADP	Rumelia	PROPN	 Rumelia
Its 1,134 rooms and suites range from 500 – 750 square feet (46 – 70 m2) in size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Captain George Egerton was appointed in command on 28 June 1899, and paid off in April 1901, when	when	SCONJ	Captain	PROPN	 Captain
During this period, not only did the immensity of the advertising industry drastically change, but so did its	its	PRON	marketing	NOUN	 marketing
The stories generally focus on the main cast's interpersonal relationships and psychologies. There is also an underlying focus	focus	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The most devastating raid was on 1 June 1942 during the Baedeker Blitz. Before the end of the war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lennon's body was then taken to the city morgue at 520 First Avenue and autopsied. The cause of	of	ADP	death	NOUN	 death
" The Sixth Amendment public trial right is held by the defendant, and the excluded public have no ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The group had previously attempted to petition the state to have the doves removed from the state game list.	.	PUNCT	Ohio	PROPN	 Ohio
By 05: 00, it appeared that the fires were almost under control, but Turner, who at	at	ADP	this	DET	 this
She stated, claiming to speak as the Zetas, that " The Hale Bopp comet does not exist.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Barrett continued to edit The Suffragette, but she travelled to Paris to discuss the future of the newspaper with	with	ADP	Christabel	PROPN	 Christabel
Mexico, however, did not have him on its most wanted list and was not offering any financial reward	reward	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The resolution of conventional electron microscopy is not limited by electron wavelength, but by the large aberrations of electron	electron	NOUN	lenses	NOUN	 lenses
Israel accomplished its objective of destroying the Fatah camp, and on a tactical level, the battle did indeed	indeed	ADV	end	VERB	 end
The highway traveled across the Puyallup River into Orting on the McMillin Bridge, which opened in 1934 as a	a	DET	concrete	ADJ	 concrete
It was picked by George for India to cover as he felt it was something women could relate to.	.	PUNCT	India	PROPN	 India
He opposed royalist conservatism in the East India Company and, as a member of the Long Parliament, supported	supported	VERB	the	DET	 the
One of the major effects of the conversion of the Vikings was to bring an end to plundering raids on	on	ADP	Christian	ADJ	 Christian
From Perkins north, M 35 runs parallel to the Lake Superior & Ishpeming rail line between the iron mines	mines	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Because he was willing to publish multiple opinions on issues, he was respected as a publisher by writers from	from	ADP	across	ADP	 across
The home team collapsed against an inspired Australian bowling attack supported by Chappell's aggressive field placements. Chappell's	's	PART	team	NOUN	 team
I doe acknowledge that uppon thursday morninge beeing the 7th of November 1605 my selfe and all the other gentlemen	gentlemen	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Lashin was the runner up in the singles at the 2011 All Africa Games, as well as the winner	winner	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The latter now acquired a leading role among the other fiscal departments, and it frequently held more money than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
The island was rediscovered and named Ducie Island on 16 March 1791 by Captain Edward Edwards, of HMS Pandora	Pandora	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Grand Theft Auto IV uses a similar music system to that of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (2004	2004	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
After Corson's candidacy failed and Thompson amassed $15,000 from investors, he purchased the Daily News in March	March	PROPN	1909	NUM	 1909
The Caliphs competed with their rivals of the Abbasid and Byzantine empires, and were known to indulge in furnishing	furnishing	VERB	their	PRON	 their
She died in Alice Springs in January 2011. Artists of the Papunya Tula movement were painting at Haasts Bluff	Bluff	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Rather than crossing at grade, Roseville Avenue was bridged over the tracks with a brand new street level interlocking	interlocking	VERB	tower	NOUN	 tower
Amiga reviewers had a common grouse: the frequent disk swaps required were tedious. Regardless, the game's	's	PART	tense	ADJ	 tense
, in which the hero dangles from a clock on the side of a Los Angeles building. In these	these	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Lexus design has traditionally placed an emphasis on targeting specific vehicle development standards. Since the marque's inception,	,	PUNCT	design	NOUN	 design
The actors ' former characters are occasionally referenced in plots that place them in similar contexts than those of older	older	ADJ	fictions	NOUN	 fictions
At the end of the year he was listed in Broadcast's Top 100 Producers, being described as "	"	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
This type of inhibitor does not follow the Michaelis Menten equation. Irreversible An irreversible inhibitor permanently inactivates the enzyme	enzyme	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rhys claimed these tracks (along with 32 other improvised songs recorded during the Hey Venus! sessions) would	would	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Both are social dances that are more for entertainment purpose than rituals. Randai is a folk theatre tradition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
What if I knew who it belonged to? What if the dog kept running to me? Then,	,	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
This title does not appear to have held any practical meaning, or to have given its holder any power	power	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Before the accordion experiment with Crookes, Home had performed the accordion feat for over fifteen years under various conditions	conditions	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
Summer is the most humid season, ranging from a low of 300 mm (12 in) to a	a	DET	high	NOUN	 high
For a month in August – September 1956, Bennett hosted a NBC Saturday night television variety show, The	The	DET	Tony	PROPN	 Tony
On 8 April, von Bothmer and U 66 sank the Spanish flagged Santanderino 18 nautical miles (33 km	km	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
All students, faculty and staff can also ride any StarMetro bus throughout the City of Tallahassee for free by	by	ADP	swiping	VERB	 swiping
He was declared elected with effect from 14 January 1997. Subsequently, with effect from 23 July 2001,	,	PUNCT	Jeyaretnam	PROPN	 Jeyaretnam
UNSC structures and units were given a green tint, with gold specular highlights. The Covenant were textured with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Physicians – what few there were – relied as much on astrology as they did on their limited medical knowledge	knowledge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Murdoch used this as an advantage, and pushed Jeff off the turnbuckle, leading to Cade performing a powerbomb	powerbomb	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They supported the Buzzcocks in a 24 venue UK tour that began that October, which allowed the band to	to	PART	quit	VERB	 quit
Dan Magill, who, as a boy, had inspired the replanting effort, served as master of ceremonies	ceremonies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This trend continued into 1939 and by midway through the year there were over 80,000 men serving on a part	part	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
The first records of the modern town date from 1334. Since that date, the town's history includes	includes	VERB	being	AUX	 being
Puerto Rico's herpetofauna consists of 25 amphibian species and 61 reptile species. The majority of West Indian terrestrial	terrestrial	ADJ	reptile	NOUN	 reptile
Certain cytogenetic abnormalities are associated with very good outcomes (for example, the (15; 17) translocation	translocation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The binding of Drexel 4257 measures 30.3 × 20 × 4.7 centimetres (11.9 × 7.9 × 1.9 in)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" Rudd and McKay decided to include Falcon after watching Captain America: The Winter Soldier. Wood Harris as	as	ADP	Gale	PROPN	 Gale
For the photo of Andrea with her parents, Hathaway posed with her own mother and David Marshall Grant.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
She served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars under several notable naval commanders and played a key role in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since then, yearly profits for these " subsistence " hunters have been close to US $31 million (	(	PUNCT	UK	PROPN	UK
This greater variety of breeds also produced a valuable variety of products to compete with the superfine wool of Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	sheep	NOUN	 sheep
Her destination was Montreal, where she arrived on 6 November. She departed on 18 November for the Clyde	Clyde	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These are much larger loads than can be transported by the Air Force's C 130 Hercules transports, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, Rolland's position as best young rider remained in play due to his minute and 33 seconds advantage	advantage	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
In ascomycetes, dikaryotic hyphae of the hymenium (the spore bearing tissue layer) form a characteristic hook at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The builder makes a single request; that he may have help from his stallion Svaðilfari, and due to	to	ADP	Loki	PROPN	 Loki
" While the city is still referred to as Bombay by some of its residents and by Indians from other	other	ADJ	regions	NOUN	 regions
" That's what he should be telling me.... I missed a big one. It cost us a	a	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Lalic considers 10.Qd3 to be the main move, qualifies 10.Qd1 as a " respectable option ", but considers	considers	VERB	10.Qd2	NUM	 10.Qd2
He was a pioneering circuit rider in the early 1800s in Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri.	.	PUNCT	Hinde	NOUN	 Hinde
The Halberstadt quarry today is covered by a housing development. The second major German locality with P. engelhardti finds	finds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Motif finding, also known as profile analysis, is a method of locating sequence motifs in global MSAs that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
While in high school, Liu participated in a student exchange program and visited America in 1998. This experience	experience	NOUN	changed	VERB	 changed
Now not only Rome's allies against Philip, but even Philip himself, sought a Roman alliance against the	the	DET	Seleucids	PROPN	 Seleucids
The win moved the Canucks passed Minnesota for the division lead. The shutout marked Schneider's fourth of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Software transactional memory is a common type of consistency model. Software transactional memory borrows from database theory the concept	concept	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Spilman and Shaw, both students at Kentucky's Centre College, compiled their tunebook both for public worship and	and	CCONJ	revivals	NOUN	 revivals
The claim for the women's vote appears to have been first made by Jeremy Bentham in 1817 when he	he	PRON	published	VERB	 published
Since the risk from destroyers was very serious, it was considered that one shell from a battleship's secondary	secondary	ADJ	armament	NOUN	 armament
The Swedish settlement was incorporated into Dutch New Netherland on September 15, 1655. At first the Swedish and	and	CCONJ	Finnish	ADJ	 Finnish
Despite Vologases ' reluctance to risk an all out conflict with Rome, in the end, he was forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
In January 2011, Newsweek published an article entitled " The Manchurian Candidate " which featured an interview with Huntsman	Huntsman	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His veto was overridden. SACB was active for 22 years. From the start of his notoriety, McCarthy	McCarthy	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Another fifty nine landed up to 25 miles (40 km) away while the remainder were either shot down	down	ADP	or	CCONJ	 or
He scored Kidderminster's equaliser in a 1 – 1 draw against St Albans City on 24 March, before	before	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Beginning with their 1993 EP Space Age Bachelor Pad Music, the band began to incorporate easy listening elements into	into	ADP	their	PRON	 their
By the end of the 15th century this group was being joined by increasing numbers of literate laymen, often	often	ADV	secular	ADJ	 secular
Applying for a ballot paper or voting in the name of someone else amounts to the offence of personation.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
More commonly, the mesohyl is stiffened by mineral spicules, by spongin fibers or both. Demosponges use spongin	spongin	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Additional sites containing the skeletal remains of camp victims were uncovered in the 1980s. The number of deaths at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Congress did however agree to send three of its members – Adams, Benjamin Franklin and Edward Rutledge –	–	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Natalie Morales, best known for her role in the ABC Family science fiction dramedy The Middleman, made her	her	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
The battleships rendezvoused with Ozawa's main force on 16 June. During the Battle of the Philippine Sea,	,	PUNCT	Nagato	PROPN	 Nagato
For each department, there was a chief reviewer, although he or she might engage others. Although the	the	DET	reviewers	NOUN	 reviewers
" Lloyd subsequently launched legal action, but accepted an apology from Matthews. The new album was further delayed	delayed	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
She ' er continued onward to the nearby kingdom of Kucha, a state that had supported Karasahr during its	its	PRON	war	NOUN	 war
Santana balks at leaving Brittany behind, and when she and Brittany go out on a dinner date, Santana	Santana	PROPN	tries	VERB	 tries
Castle refused to contribute a preface to Fabian Society booklet celebrating Bondfield's life, because she considered her predecessor	predecessor	NOUN	's	PART	's
He continued with this observation: Ought not a government, vested with such extensive and indefinite authority, to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
He did more than any one else to transform a game from one in which brute force and individual skill	skill	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
While this led to a less collaborative effort than in the past, it gave the Pope brothers a more	more	ADV	substantial	ADJ	 substantial
, writer, poet, playwright and screenwriter who won 16 Palanca Awards Gabriel Fabella, co founder and first	first	ADJ	president	NOUN	 president
Within a week it received concession to operate scheduled flights between Oslo, Copenhagen and Stockholm to London. A	A	DET	similar	ADJ	 similar
Fred Reinfeld calls the game " a glorious masterpiece ". Steinitz proclaims, " One of the finest specimens	specimens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Arnold's parents lived in the small village of Northover, located across the River Yeo (also known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
And then, everyone in the media runs with it as if it's the truth. And that's	's	AUX	a	DET	 a
Grant's able Secretary of State Hamilton Fish had orchestrated many of the events leading up to the treaty.	.	PUNCT	Previously	ADV	 Previously
For the reverse of the ten dollar coin the President decided on a design featuring a standing bald eagle,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
A reviewer of Computer Gamer similarly cited the graphics as " excellent ", stating that it was " what	what	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Sulla's actions marked a watershed in the willingness of Roman troops to wage war against one another that was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
The team made five playoff appearances in the 2000s, their most of any decade. In 2009 and 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Metformin can be resumed after two days, assuming kidney function is normal. The most common adverse effect of	of	ADP	metformin	NOUN	 metformin
It was the third tie breaker played in MLB from 2007 – 2009. It was also the second consecutive	consecutive	ADJ	tiebreaker	NOUN	 tiebreaker
Arrowhead reclaimed the title on September 29, 2014 reaching 142.2 dB in a Monday Night Football game vs. the	the	DET	Patriots	PROPN	 Patriots
Over time, many of Cameron's associates within The Children distanced themselves from her, in particular because of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Edwin's priest Coifi responds that they may be worthwhile; after all, he says, no one has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
